
JANUARY 12-17, 1865. -Scout from Warrensburg to Miami, Mo.

Report of Captain George T. Hamblin, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY I, SEVENTH CAV. MO. STATE MILITIA,Camp Grover, near Warrensburg, Mo., January 17, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that, in obedience to orders received from you the 12th instant, I marched in about ten miles south of Dover, Mo., and there camped for the night. On the morning of the 13th I broke camp early and traveled in the direction of Dover. Came within five miles of the above-named town, hearing of no bushwhackers. I then marched in the direction of Waverly, Mo., scouring the country thoroughly as I marched, leaving Waverly about one mile to my left, hearing of no disturbance as I marched. I then marched to Grand Pass Church and camped five miles east of said church. On the morning of the 14th instant I resumed my march down the Missouri River, scouring the large bend of the river completely, finding everything quiet on down to Miami, where I learned several robberies had been committed by one Captain Burnsides and gang of outlaws in disguise at night. I left Miami just before nightfall and marched two miles; camped for the night. On the morning of the 15th I again moved out early in the direction of Waverly, on the bluffs, scouring the country as we marched, until within about four miles of Waverly, where I camped for the night. On the morning of 16th I went into Waverly and searched completely the town for bushwhackers, but found none. I then moved out in the direction of the German Settlement, leaving said settlement about five miles to my left. Camped on Davis' Creek. On the 17th instant I marched direct for Warrensburg, Mo. In all my travels I saw no bushwhackers, nor heard of any.

Colonel, I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. T. HAMBLIN,

Captain Company I, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

[Colonel JOHN F. PHILLIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.]

JANUARY 14-29, 1865. -Operations on the Overland Stage Road between Julesburg and Denver, Colo. Ter., and skirmishes with Indians at Godfrey's Ranch (14th), at Morrison's or American Ranch, at Wisconsin Ranch, and near Valley Station (15th), at Gittrell's Ranch (25th), at Moore's Ranch (26th), at Lillian Springs Ranch (27th), and near Valley Station (28th).

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry.

No. 2. -Lieutenant Judson J. Kennedy, First Colorado Cavalry.

No. 3. -Lieutenant Albert Walter, Second Colorado Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry. FORT RANKIN, February 5, 1865.

I have the honor to report the following Indian atrocities on road to Denver since January 14, 1865, as nearly as I can learn them,

