
suspended by the severely of the weather, the thermometer on one occasion indicating as low as 23@ below zero, rendering it impossible to work outside. I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that credible reports have reached these headquarters to the effect that the remnants of those bands of Indians lately defeated by Colonel J. M. Chivington, First Cavalry Colorado Volunteers, on the Big Sandy, have sent runners to the northern and western Indians, and these latter have entered into a coalition with them against the whites. The Blackfeet tribe, which has the reputation of being a very war-like people, has joined in this offensive treaty against us, and next spring will undoubtedly see a more vigorous warfare on the part of Indians than we experienced last summer, or is generally anticipated. On December 6, 1864, I ordered the garrison of Junction Station to abandon that post and report for duty at Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter. This post was of no military importance, and the troops composing the garrison being militia whose terms of service expired on the 9th instant, I withdrew them as a matter of economy and convenience.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. Livingston,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Vet. Vols.,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. New Orleans, La., January 3, 1865.

1. It has been brought to the notice of the commanding general that private boats plying on the Mississippi River and its tributaries have landed and engaged in unlawful trade with the enemy at points not under the supervision of troops or gun-boats, and without the permits and safe-conducts required by existing regulations. In all such cases military commanders are directed, and naval commanders are requested, to cause the boats to be seized, and with the master or other responsible officer turned over tot the nearest military authority for trial, under paragraph 6 of the executive order of September 24, 1864, and paragraph 12 of General Orders, Numbers 80, series of 1864, from these headquarters.

2. Under the ninth section of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, no permits for the transportation of products of insurrectionary districts, or for supplies, under article 38 of the Treasury Regulations of July 29, 1864, can be given unless the points from and to which the products or supplies are to be transported are within the lines of actual occupation by the military forces of the United States, as indicated by the published orders of the commanding general of the department or district so occupied. All products or supplies found moving in violation of this law will be seized and turned over to the purchasing agents of the Treasury Department for the district in which they were found.

3. To prevent any misunderstanding or conflict of authority under the preceding paragraphs, it is announced that the enforcement of the blockade on water devolves on the navy, and of non-intercourse on land upon the army, and the seizures and arrests therein directed will be made by military commanders only when the boats are within the limits of their jurisdiction at military posts or when engaged in operations in the field. In other cases the commander of the naval district will be notified and requested to cause the boats and parties to be seized and sent in for trial.

