
been carried off. The levees must be repaired, and theat at once, as a military necessity, to preserve our communication and as a measure of humanity, as well as policy, to same vast distress. The estimates before me show the necessity of constructing 200,000 cubic yards at a cost, probably, of $80,000. I have directed publication to be made inviting the doing of this work by contract, thus employing many idle people and furnishing the work in better shape from the skill and ability likely to be employed of men conversant with this work. I recommend that application be made to Congress through Secretary of War for a special appropriation for this purpose, to be paid to and disbursed by the proper quartermaster's office. I will forward copies of reports and estimates.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 3, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The major-general commanding desires that Brigadier-General McKean be instructed to furnish such troops as can be spared without detriment to military operations, to report to the engineer officer in charge of the defensive works at Pensacola, in order that they may be completed as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 3. New Orleans, January 3, 1865.

* * * * * * *

9. Brigadier General E. J. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the cavalry arriving at Greensville, La., and superintend its embarkation for Baton Rouge, La. Having completed this duty he will proceed to Baton Rouge, La., and report to Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, for assignment to duty.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

S. C. SARGENT,First Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS 3rd Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. Morganza, La. January 3, 1865.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 305, paragraph 6, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La., December 4, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Third Brigade, Reserve Corps. The following officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding: Captain George Mon-

