
II. Major George W. Burchard, Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, will act as assistant adjutant-general until further orders.

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LEWISBURG, January 3, 1865-11,25 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Enemy still at Darbadelle. They attempted to cross a force at two or three different places yesterday, but my force prevented them. The enemy expect Coffee and Witt to come to their assistance from White River. Had I 500 or 600 cavalry with the force I have could capture or drive them off.

I. W. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., January 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

SIR: Your dispatches of the 2nd received late to-night. The Fifty-fourth Colored train is ordered out in the morning. The other train started yesterday with the First Arkansan Infantry. I also sent a detachment with oxen for the battery, and what teams we had, under the instructions I first received. I received yesterday a dispatch from post commandant at Fort Scott notifying that the other trains will leave that post to-day with very small escort. I ordered 300 men and one howitzer to march to it last night, under Major James A. Philips, of the First Indian Regiment. To-morrow morning I shall send an additional force, to re-enforce it, with the refugee train going up. River falling and fordable. A few secesh scouts seen on south branch of River thirty miles below.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, January 3, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have received your application for four companies of engineers for building block-houses and stockades at railroad bridges. Application was made to Congress last year for authority to the President to raise engineer troops as well as cavalry, infantry, and artillery, but it was limited in the law to single regiment, to be attached to General Thomas' command. Nearly all the old engineer troops are with General Grant before Richmond and cannot be spared. As the block-houses built in that department when I was in command were all constructed without engineer troops, it is supposed that they can be rebuilt in the same way. At any rate, no engineer troops can be sent to you till Congress authorized the President to raise them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

