HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, January 3, 1865.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

It is hardly necessary to sent an officer of the engineer corps to superintend the construction of the palisading suggest by General Gillmore at New Madrid. The work is very simple, and any man of ordinary ability and military experience can do it. The suggestions of General Gillmore are wise, and sufficiently explain the manner of constructing the work. If not already commenced, the work should be begun at once and prosecuted vigorously to completion.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, January 3, 1865.

Captain BOSTWICK,

Patterson, Mo.:

General Ewing sends me word that General Dodge has information that there is a rebel brigade on Strawberry Creek, Ark., not far from Pocahontas. I think there is some mistake about it, but do not relax any effort to find out what is going on in Northeast Arkansas. Send out scouts and spies continually in that direction, and if possible send some down there to see. If you have to employ a citizen, report him to me, so that he can be paid.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

PATTERSON, January 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Pilot Knob, Mo.:

I had a citizen scout get in last night that had been within twenty miles of Pocahontas, Ark., and could not learn of any force collected in that part. The country was full of guerillas. I will have another scout from my command down on Black River, and will be in to-morrow or next day.

B. H. BOSTWICK,

Captain, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

KANSAS CITY, January 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have no control over the cavalry stationed here, and of nothing but the post. Bushwhackers are appearing. They murdered a citizen three miles from town last night. May I press horses here and send parties out? I cannot get them any other way. I wish to mount some men and put others in the brush. Please answer immediately.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.

