
MACON, MO., January 3, 1865.

Colonel HARDING,

Commanding, Kansas City, Mo.:

I expected General Fisk on to-night's train, but he did not arrive. Will probably be here to-morrow and then give you full directions concerning the plan of securing horses for mounting a part of your men. If there is immediate use wherever found, giving memorandum receipts, and returning the stock when you or through with it. You will act upon your own judgment in the matter until orders are given by General Fisk in a more explicit manner.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, January 3, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

For Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: Your communications* proposing a winter campaigning against the Indians and asking for more troops were sent to General Grant immediately on their receipt. If he has acted on the matter his orders have gone directly to you, s nothing on the subject has been received here. I write this to inform you that this matter was duly attended to by me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 3, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have nothing of importance to report to the general commanding. All is quiet in the district just now, although I expect a general uprising of all the Plain Indians, and have no doubt that they will give us a great deal of trouble as soon as spring opens. I would therefore respectfully request permission to establish a post or station of about two companies at Lake Sibley (although not in my district). Lake Sobley is situated above latitude 40 degrees north and longitude 97 3/4 degrees east, on the better protection of the settlements on the Blue, and to that tract of well settled farming country lying north of my district. I received several letters from the inhabitants of that section of your department making application to me (as the nearest military commander) for protection. By to-day's mail I forward you petition of settlers in and about Clifton, a settlement northeast about sixty, miles, praying for protection. Herefore they have been unmolested, but the late operation. Herefore they have been unmolested, but the late operation si the western part of this district against the Indians have awakened their fears. Lake Sibley is a place where certain tribes of the Indians usually winter. Bunch Timber, on the headquarters of the Smoky Hill, is also another place that should be

---------------

* See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 970.

---------------

