
within the enemy's lines regardless of military operations. I request that you will not allow any others to pass up Red River unless their permits are approved by the admiral and myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 3. Washington, January 4, 1865.

* * * * * * *

66. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster, Nineteenth Army Corps, in hereby relieved form duty in the Department of the Gulf, and will proceed without delay to join his proper command in the Middle Military Division.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., January 4, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request that orders be given to hold the Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, now at Baton Rouge, in readiness to move up the River on short notice. Sufficient transportation, not to be diverted to any other object, will also be held in readiness to move up the River on short notice. Sufficient transportation, not to be diverted to any other object, will also be held in readiness. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 4, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to forward herewith inclosed report of troops belonging to the Reserve Corps, and their effective and aggregate strength. The main portion of the Seventy-sixth Illinois arrived this morning, numbering 370; the balance of that regiment, the Eighth Illinois, detachment of the Forty-sixth Illinois, and the Fourth Massachusetts Battery passed Morganza at 2 o'clock this morning, numbering 1,336; the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin passed Morganza at 12,40 this afternoon, numbering 369; the Twenty-ninth Illinois passed Morganza at 3,15 this afternoon, numbering 750; the Forty-seventh Indiana, the Twenty-first Iowa, detachment Twenty-eighth Illinois, and the Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery passed Morganza at 3,40 this afternoon, numbering 1,437, making a total of 4,262. A telegraph office will be established

