
together with casualties on either side: Beaver Creek stage station, eighty-two miles west, burned about the 14th. At Godfrey's ranch, seventy miles west, four men fought large force about the 14th, and succeeded in driving them off. At Morrison's, or the American Ranch, sixty-eight miles west, Indians attacked, captured, and burned the ranch about the 14th [15th]. A passing train found three Indians and seven white bodies in the ruins partly burned. Mr. Morrison, his wife, and child are missing. At Wisconsin Ranch, fifty-six miles west, a few ranchmen fought large force on the 15th and retreated to Valley Station, killing three Indians, after which ranch was burned. Near Valley Station, fifty-three miles west, on 26th [28th], Indians burned Government hay-100 tons. Twenty soldiers went out to drive them off; were surrounded and forced to retreat. In conflict 13 Indians were killed. No soldiers hurt; 3 Government horses wounded. At Charles Moore's, or Washington Ranch, fifty miles west, several men fought large force of Indians on 26th, but succeeded in driving them off. At Lillian Springs Ranch, thirty-three miles west, three men fought 500 men on 27th, killing 3 Indians; men escaped, after which ranch was burned. Antelope stage station, fifteen miles, Buffalo Springs Ranch, eighteen miles, Harlow's ranch, twenty-two miles, and Spring Hill stage station, twenty-seven miles west of here, were burned on the 28th. At Gittrell's ranch, eight miles west, fifteen ranchmen fought 500 on the 25th, killing seven ad wounding several others. Ranchment escaped to this post in evening, after which Indians burned the ranch and captured a train of twenty-two wagons loaded with Government stores and private freight. Buler's ranch, two miles east, and Julesburg stage station, one mile east, burned on 28th. Just after the battle near Valley Station a train of eleven wagons and two coaches, with thirty passengers, mails, &amp;c., left Lillian Springs, going west. Indians came down road in large force shortly after and attacked the ranch. Neither coaches nor train has been heard from since-telegraphic communication being interrupted. All cattle between Julesburg and Wisconsin Ranch, 1,500 head, were driven off between the 24th and 29th.

Respectfully,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Reports of Lieutenant Judson J. Kennedy, First Colorado Cavalry. VALLEY STATION, January 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival, with my command, at this station Sunday noon, without anything requiring immediate record on the route. I had only just unsaddled when the scene changed, and I discovered my rear guard and some citizens' trains being attacked by a considerable body of Indians, and also the American and Wisconsin Ranches all ablaze (distances respectively nineteen and five miles). The station and outbuildings being merely shells and unprotected, I ordered them fortified by some Government corn and adobes that were near by, and took twelve men in pursuit of the Indians and to save the family at the Wisconsin Ranch, if possible, and succeeded in getting them to camp that evening. The attack, as near as I can learn, was

