
MACON, January 4, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

Press horses for your immediate necessities, and kill the guerrillas. The horses must be returned to the owners when you have done with them, else it will be a source of endless trouble to you.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, January 4, 1865.

Captain MONKS,

Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry, Springfield:

Move with your company to vicinity of Houston, where you can obtain forage. Make Houston your headquarters. Keep scouting parties out constantly in direction of Thomasville. Captain Whybark with sixty men is now scouting in that vicinity. Make regular reports.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, January 4, 1865.

Colonel W. A. WILSON, Marchall, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: The colonel commanding is desirous of organizing the citizens of your county into companies for the purpose of local defence, and wishes me to request that you, in conjunction with Dr. G. O. Hardiman, of Arrow Rock, take charge of and superintend the organizations. It is proposed to make these organizations the stepping stone to the restoration of civil and order, protection to lives and property, and the re-establishment of peace and quiet. In order to accomplish these ends none but truly loyal and law-abiding men will be permitted to govern and control these organizations. They must be men of known character for honesty and probity of intentions. He who will not aid in maintaining the supremacy of law and uphold the Government cannot consistently ask, neither need they expect, protection. It is not intended, however, to exclude from these organizations those who in the past have to a certain degree sympathized with the rebellion, provided they exhibit an honest disposition to henceforth become loyal and law-abiding citizens and are possessed of such a character and reputation among their fellow-citizens as will enable them to enlist the confidence and reliance of their own loyal neighbors. This class of your citizens can best give evidence of their intentions by their loyal acts. No one of this class, however, must be permitted to enter these organizations simply for his own protection. Such men will shirk duty and dangers when dependence is most needed. They will be enemies the guise of friends. Such as these will not be tolerated or receive mercy at the hands of the authorities. These organizations will for mutual protection. Every assistance will be offered by troops, &amp;c., in aiding you in this work, and arms and ammunition will be furnished. Your earliest and earnest attention is directed to the matter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CONKLIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

