
FORT ZARAH, January 4, 1865.

Lieutenant ROBERT S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that no signs of Indians have been discovered about this post during the past week. Scouting parties have been sent out nearly every day since my last report without discovering any fresh evidences of the existence of an enemy. Information by a returning train from the west induces the belief that the Indians on the south side of the Arkansas River are moving north in considerable numbers. This same train reports an attack upon them by 150 Indians, in which seven were reported wounded out of a party of less than twenty. This occurred about half-way between Forts Lyon and Larned. The utmost vigilance is kept up at this post, believing that the present quiet has a deeper significance than is generally apprehended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Numbers 1. Denver, Colo. Ter., January 4, 1865.

Pursuant to the orders of the major-general commanding the department, the undersigned relinquishes the command of the district to Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleven Kansas Cavalry. In separating from troops with whom he has served so long and shared so much of privation, this, and danger, he avails himself of this occasion to express his feelers and soldiers of this district he tenders his acknowledgments and avails himself of this opportunity to express his high appreciation of their services and his grateful remembrances of their courage and fidelity. The colonel also tenders his thanks to his staff officers for the prudence, wisdom, and fidelity they have displayed.

J. M. COVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Numbers 2. Denver, January 4, 1865.

1. In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 63, dated headquarters Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., December 21, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this district, headquarters in Denver.

2. First Lieutenant and Adjt. I. I. Taber, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters. All communications will be addressed to him accordingly.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 5, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the major-general commanding to say that the restrictions recently imposed upon the shipment of products of

