
but the assistant quartermaster, Captain Gaubert, declines to let me have her because of the private freight on board. This can all be unloaded in a few hours, and I respectfully request that Captain Gaugert be ordered to once to unload the Mepham and turn her over to me. Dennis and Lawler have gone; all but the Fourth Brigade. Please answer.

CHARLES BLACK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SHALER,

Devall's Bluff:

Direct Colonel Black no to embark any of his brigade until further orders from these headquarters.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS,

MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Devall's Bluff, Ark., January 5, 1865.

The troops of this command about to move are assigned as follows for transportation, viz: Headquarters of the brigade, the Thirty-seventh Illinois, and six companies of the Twentieth Iowa to the steamer Mepham; the Twenty-third Iowa and four companies of the Twentieth Iowa to the steamer Kate Hart. The troops will move on board with ten day's rations as soon as the boats are ready to receive them. The commanding officer on each boat will made the necessary arrangements for cooking, having the boat frequently cleaned, and fro keeping a vigilant guard night and day to prevent accidents. Regimental commanders will be held strictly responsible that upon leaving camp the quarters are not disturbed, damaged, or interfered with in may manner whatever. The steamer Mepham will move out first, and will be followed by the Kate Hart as soon as loaded. Attention is also called to Circular Numbers 7 from these headquarters. Signals as arranged will be announced hereafter. The commanding officer on the steamer Kate Hart will, upon his arrival at Morganza, La., report by telegraph to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi the probable hour of his arrival in New Orleans and the number of men on board.

By order of Colonel Charles Black:

C. S. LAKE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS,MIL DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. Devall's Bluff, Ark., January 5, 1865.

* * * * * * *

2. The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteer Infantry will proceed without delay to New Orleans, La., and report to the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. The commanding officer will on his arrival at Morganza report by telegraph to head-

