
made by from 300 to 400 Indians, covering a scope of about twenty miles on the river. There were 8 whites, including Mrs. Morrison and two children killed and 15 Indians. All of the inmates of the American Ranch were killed, and 1 man killed and 1 wounded on the north side of the river. The Indians seem very bold, and some 200 of them camped on the river last night. Their signal fires could be seen in all directions. I sent ten men down the Platte last evening, but have sent for them this morning. Several of my men are sick this morning. The indications are that they have the measles. The wounded men twelve miles below are not able to be moved and need a surgeon very much, as also one that I have here in camp.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. J. KENNEDY,

Second Lieutenant, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Company C.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Denver, Colo. Ter.

VALLEY STATION, January 17, 1865.

SIR: My rear guard was attacked, about one mile from Valley Station, on Sunday noon, the 15th instant, just as my command was going into camp, by the Indians. An attack was made on the Wisconsin and American Ranches about the same time. Destroyed stock and killed the inmates of the American Ranch. I went out with part of my command to protect the family at the Wisconsin Ranch, and succeeded, after dark, in getting them to camp. The Indians camped on the river Sunday night, killing all the cattle they could find. Monday morning about 300 or them drove ten men, that were sent to save some property, up the river. I went out with twenty-five men soon after, but they had all left the river. Their camp-fires could be seen in the vicinity of Buffalo Springs, about ten miles distant, last night. The wounded men twelve miles below are not able to be moved and need surgical attention very much. Several of my men are sick with the measles.

J. J. KENNEDY.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Denver.

VALLEY STATION, January 29, 1865-9 p. m.

Six hundred and fifty head of cattle driven off and all Government hay burned yesterday by Indians. I sent out eighteen men, who followed them fifteen miles, and had a fight with a large party for three hours. Killed 10 Indians, and 7 ponies; I had 3 horses wounded. I started in pursuit with twenty of my men and twenty of Lieutenant Walter's men last evening and came upon their camp, about 300 strong, at daylight this morning, which we attacked and routed with a loss of 20 Indians killed and several ponies. Succeeded in recapturing some 400 head of cattle. Three of Lieutenant Walter's men slightly wounded. Some 200 of the red devils followed us twenty miles back. The impression is that al the ranches and stations between here and Julesburg will be destroyed, and all communication cut off, unless there are more troops sent on the road. Indians seen on all sides and large fires below, supposed to be ranches and stations. Lieutenant Walter leaves with his company in the morning.

J. J. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Colonel MOONLIGHT.

