
ing business as much as possible, I am compelled to regard and obey the orders I am acting under and which do not admit of my opening two cotton permit offices. The duties of the cotton permit offices are of so delicate a nature that the cannot properly be delegated. The amount of work done by this officer during the few days his office has been in operation is truly astonishing, and would of itself induce the supposition that sufficient caution and deliberation is not used by him. Between the 22nd December and 31st December he issued 147 safeguards or permits, amounting to 19,381 bales, besides 30,000 pounds of seed cotton. Our main reliance is upon yourself to scrutinize claims before issuing applications and our presumption is that the holding of your signature is of itself a guarantee that the party who holds it is justly within the bounds of existing regulations and orders.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 4. Memphis, Tenn., January 5, 1865.

* * * * * * *

IV. The Sixty-eight U. S. Colored Infantry is hereby detailed exclusively for engineer duty until further orders, and the commanding officer of said regiment will report without delay to Major U. G. S. De Buol, Seventh U. S. Colored (Heavy), engineer in charge of fortification of Memphis, for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch:

R. G. CURTIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Numbers 5. Vicksburg, Miss., January 5, 1865.

* * * * * * *

V. Captain W. F. Kerns, assistant quartermaster, will furnish transportation to Memphis for the cavalry command of Brigadier-General Grierson, composed as follows: First Brigade, Colonel Karge commanding-Second New Jersey Cavalry, Seventh Indiana, Fourth Missouri, First Mississippi Mounted Rifles. Second Brigade, Colonel Winslow commanding-Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Third Iowa Cavalry, Tent Missouri Cavalry. Third Brigade, Colonel Osband commanding-Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Fourth Illinois Cavalry. Also prisoners brought in by the command and pact train.

By command of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Numbers 3. Saint Louis, Mo., January 5, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. Major H. Hannahs, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, is assigned to duty on the staff of the general commanding as acting assistant adjutant-general, in charge of office.

By rider of Brigadier-General Ewing:

A. VEZIN,

First Lieutenant and Adjt., 17th Ill. Cav., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

