HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., January 5, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: May I be permitted to inquire how long Colonel Harding's command is to remain at Kansas City? I desire to place an officer in command of that sub-district, headquarters at Kansas City. Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Lazear, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, was intended for that command, but Colonel Harding being stationed at Kansas City, commanding post and reporting to General Fisk, makes the situation a little awkward and embarrassing. If it is designed to continue Colonel Harding there I will arrange the sub-district headquarters and command so to avoid confect as far as possible. As it stands now I am often embarrassed in the matter of reference of necessary papers, the and obtaining required information. I trust this inquiry may be properly appreciated, assuring you that it is made in no spirit of complaint, but simply for information to enable me to give directions to affairs pertaining to that portion of the district.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Dist.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 5, 1865.

Colonel HARDING, Kansas City:

Have you any mounted force? What about the murder of Johnston?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, January 5, 1865-12,30 p. m.

General DODGE,

Commanding Department:

Johnson was killed three miles from here by bushwhackers of Kansas soldiers, I have not been able to learn which. He was threatened by both. Yesterday I procured horses to mount one company and sent them to Hickman Mills; also sent an infantry company to the Blue, the new mail being threatened. I am in this dilemma: Cavalry at several post near me and cannot move them out of camp. I do not report to the district commander, and he can give me no orders. I can with my men, if I go on pressing horses and disregard the fact that I am in the Central District, clean out Jackson County, and will give me such orders as will not bring me in conflict with other officers. The quartermaster here has so serviceable stock, according to his official report. Will write by mail.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 5, 1865-2,20 p. m.

Colonel HARDING, Kansas City:

I want those guerrillas and robbers exterminated, and when you hear of them anywhere in the country use them up. I will try to have a

