
MACON, January 5, 1865.

Messrs. McKEE and FISHBACK,

Missouri Democrat, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Will you place give me the name of your correspondent at Columbia who signed "Lincoln" in this morning's Democrat, and please say, to-morrow morning, you are officially advised that the statements by him made were incorrect? The best troops of my command are in the counties of Howard and Boone, and are [doing] first-rate service. Half of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia are down there, and part of the Forty-ninth. I will give you the secret-don't let it out. Certain gentlemen at Columbia want an entire company of cavalry to escort them to and from the railroad. We don't propose to furnish it. Please put us right and tell us who Lincoln is.

CLINTON B. FISK.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 5, 1865.

STEPHEN BLANCHARD,

Chairman Committee, Oregon, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 23rd ultimo was received during my absence from Macon. I am pained to learn of the continued troubles in Holt County. I was fearful that your community were educating the lawless spirits to deeds of violence and shame when last September they denounced the military authorities for arresting and punishing common thieves. It is a dangerous and destructive doctrine to inculcate that because a man is for the Union he cannot therefore do any wrong. I have directed the commanding officer at Saint Joseph to give you all the assistance in his power to relieve and preserve the peace and quiet of Holt County. I am clearly of the opinion that all rebels should leave the State of Missouri and not return during the war. I shall go as far in that direction as any other officer, or as far as my superiors will permit me to go. I will sustain you communities in making the invitation to all rebels to quietly withdraw from among us until the strife is over. You will, however consult with Colonel Pinger, commanding officer at Saint Joseph, and Captain Walser, provost-marshal, touching the matter. I hope soon to hear of a better state of things in Holt

County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Numbers 3. Macon, Mo., January 5, 1865.

1. The Fifty-ninth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel F. Morsey commanding, is hereby relieved from active duty. Ordnance and quartermaster's stores will be turned over to the proper staff officers of Enrolled Missouri Militia of the Eighth Military District.

2. The detachment of Fiftieth Enrolled Missouri Militia, under command of Lieutenant Russel Smith, stationed at Edina, Knox County, Mo., is hereby relieved from active duty. The arms of the command will be kept at Edina under proper custody.

