
3. Captain G. A. Holloway, assistant adjutant-general, having received notice from the War Department of the acceptance of his resignation, is hereby relieve from active service. Captain Teague will transfer all State property in his possession to the proper staff officers of the Eight Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

* * * * * * *

5. Captain Teague, Company C. Thirty-seventh Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, on duty at Troy, Lincoln County, Mo., is hereby relieved from active service. Captain Teague will transfer all State property in his possession to the proper staff officers of the Eighth Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 5, 1865.

General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Columbia, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your favor of the 22nd ultimo* waited my return from Saint Louis, whither I have been in attendance of court-martial for the last two weeks. The chief of cavalry of the department has been consummating consolidation arrangements for the cavalry of my command, and I have therefore been waiting his action, and I had been led to conclude that Boone County would take care of itself. What has become of the Columbia organization? I have this day ordered Captain Cook's company to Rocheport, and hope they will kill every rebels in Boone and Howard Counties. I wish you would give me the names of twenty-five families for immediate deportation to the land of their leave. I desire to send them out at once, and quietly pick out first-class families. I also want the names of the parties who should pay forfeited bonds. I will proceed to collect forthwith without waiting trial by commission. Give me good and sure cases and I will collect the money in double-quick.

Very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, January 5, 1865.

Colonel PINGER,

Saint Joseph:

Can you not stop the outrages in Holt County? Letters form that region indicate a very bad state of affairs.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, January 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

There is a secret in the outrages that are committed in Holt county, which after discovered will let you know, in which some of the most prominent citizens of this county are concerned.

JOHN PINGER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.

---------------

* See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 918.

---------------

