
5. Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the camp to be established at Kennerville, La., and charged with the duty of preparing the troops to be assembled there for the field. He will report directly to the headquarters of the division and will make his requisitions for supplies upon the chiefs of the staff departments at these headquarters.

6. Captain Henry M. Lazelle, Eight U. S. Infantry, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with War Department Special Orders, Numbers 425, paragraph 34, series of 1864, is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as acting assistant inspector-general of the troops now being collected at Kennerville, La. He will report to Major General F. Steele without delay.

7. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster Nineteenth Army Corps, will report in person to the chief quartermaster Department of the Gulf for duty as inspector in the quartermaster department.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Ne Orleans, La., January 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General ULLMANN,

Morganza, La.:

The commanding general directs that Brigadier-General Andrews proceed with the regiments of the Third Brigade, Reserve Corps, now at Morganza, as soon as transportation can be furnished, to Kennerville, reporting on arrival there to Major-General Stelle.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., January 6, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of the 30th ultimo received. * It is impracticable to supply a competent garrison at Fort Smith by the Arkansas River. That River cannot be relied upon. Orders for the evacuation of Fort Smith left here on the 13th ultimo. The last report from General THAYER was dated at Fort Smith, 22nd ultimo. Five regiments were en route for this point, and the remainder of the garrison was to follow on the arrival of a small train expected from Fort Scott. Two batteries have arrived here per steamer, without horses. I found here on my arrival, 22nd ultimo, a rise of ten feet, and ventured to send several steamers to transport public property from Fort Smith. Stage of water would not admit of a second trip. Have sent supplies to Lewisburg to meet the troops from Fort Smith. It is proposed to maintain Lewisburg as the wester post to the department, and we will, according to the experience of the past two years, find no little difficulty in maintaining animals there by the River.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

* See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 964

