SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 6. Little Rock, Ark., January 6, 1865.

1. The commanding officer of the Second Connecticut Battery will proceed without delay with his battery to New Orleans, La., and report on arrival to the chief of artillery, Military Division of West Mississippi, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. The commanding officer of the Seventh Massachusetts Battery will proceed without delay with his battery to New Orleans, La., and report on arrival to the chief of artillery, Military Division of West Mississippi, for duty. The quartermaster department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

4. The commanding officer of Battery D, Second Missouri Artillery, will proceed with two section of his battery to Saint Charles, Ark., and report for duty to the commanding officer at that place. Before leaving Devall's Bluff he will turn over to quartermaster's department the horses attached to the two sections herein designated, retaining all harness and other equipments of the battery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, January 6, 1865.

(Received 10 a. m.)

General SHALER,

Devall's Bluff:

Let the movement of the Fourth Brigade, Reserve Corps, proceed. No emergency exist, but no unnecessary delay should occur. Direct Colonel Black to refer to more questions to this office. You will please give such orders for this movement as the public good demands. The simplest way is to use transportation as it can be had to mouth of White River, and thence opportunities occur daily to New Orleans.

By order of Major-General Reynolds:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., January 6, 1865.

Colonel BLACK,

Commanding Reserve Brigade:

SIR: Major-General Reynolds directs that you proceed in execution of the movement of your brigade previously ordered form headquarters Department of Arkansas. The Kate hart can start at once. The Mepham will be ready for you about 10 a. m. to-morrow. Inclosed is a copy of telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel Green to Brigadier-General Shaler. *

Very respectfully, yours,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

