
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,

DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Natchez, Miss., January 6, 1865.

1. The following order is published for the information of all concerned: *

2. In obedience thereto I assume command of the district. The following staff officers are announced: Captain B. F. Morey, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant A. S. Montgomery, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, and First Lieutenant E. D. Meier, First Louisiana Cavalry, aides-de-camp; Captain C. H. Thompson, subsistence department; Captain W. R. McComas, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, ordnance officer and engineer; First Lieutenant T. D. Johnston, Third Iowa Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant E. A. Denicke, Signal Corps, U. S. Army. Chief of other staff departments will be announced when selected.

3. Office hours will be form 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. Business of importance stated to the staff officer on duty daily at headquarters at any other hours will receive attention.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,Numbers 1. Natchez, Miss., January 6, 1865.

Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of that portion of the District of Natchez lying west of the Mississippi River, to be designated as the Sub-District of Vidalia, with headquarters at Vidalia, La.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that everything in this department is quiet, except the depredations of a few guerrilla bands. These are being hunted down, about thirty of them having been killed during the two weeks past, among the number three notorious leaders. The troops in the department are going out of service very rapidly. They are generally posted now, having in view the obtaining of forage and shelter for stock as well as for local defense. I am endeavoring, so far as possible, to concentrate them at the vital points and on our lines of communication. Price in his raid destroyed most of the bridges, blockhouses, &amp;c. The bridges are being rebuilt by Government. The blockhouses at the important bridges should be replaced, but I have no troops to do it with. I would like to obtain a few companies of engineers for that purpose, as I consider it important that the block-houses be built. All the troops throughout the department have been ordered to protect themselves at their stations by forts, stockades, &c. The lines of communication are not molested now, and have only small guards at

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 2, Headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, p. 401.

---------------

