
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Numbers 2. Saint Louis, Mo., January 6, 1865/

The following-named officers constitute the district staff; they will be addressed and obeyed accordingly, viz: Lieutenant Colonel David Murphy, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, inspector; Major S. D. Carpenter, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in charge; Major H. H. Williams, Tenth Kansas Veteran Volunteers, provost-marshal; Major W. Fisher, Fifth Missouri State Militia [Cavalry], topographical engineer; Major C. H. Gregory, Seventh Kansas Veteran Cavalry, chief of cavalry and acting ordnance officer; Major H. Hannahs, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, in charge of office; Captain H Garvens, U. S. Volunteers, district quartermaster; Captain G. W. Gilson, Fortieth Missouri Volunteers, assistant inspector; Captain C. L. Porter, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry Missouri State Militia, superintendent refugees and contrabands; First Lieutenant William Ewing, U. S. Army, assistant commissary of musters; First Lieutenant A. Vezin, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Second Lieutenant G. E. Hodgdon, Veteran Reserve Corps, judge-advocate; Second Lieutenant T. F. Oakes, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, Jr.:

H. HANNAHS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, January 6, 1865.

Colonel BONNEVILLE,

Benton Barracks:

The Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteers will arrive at your post to-morrow morning. Please furnish quarters for 575 men on application.

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 6, 1865.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Troops were stationed at Caruthersville before I took command, with the advice of Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller, then commanding, at the request of citizen there. I approved it because I did not think it safe or necessary, but after strong stockade had been built, rendering it perfectly safe, and after the citizens had been led to commit themselves, so as to endanger their lives and property if the force was withdrawn, I thought it to be a breach of faith and hardly just to withdraw the force and expose them to the revenge of guerrillas. It prevents smuggling, protects navigation on the River, and renders it unnecessary to keep as large a force at New Madrid as would otherwise be necessary. The same force now at both would be necessary at New Madrid to keep the River clear of guerrillas. Beside, the time of the troops at Caruthersville expires on the 24th instant, and they could hardly be got on duty at another post before their time would be out. However, I think

28 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

