HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., January 6, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT GENERAL,

District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that since my repot of the 13th of December last no Indians have appeared in this immediate vicinity, yet two bands have crossed the Arkansas River near the Cimarron Crossing, traveling northward. One party attacked a small party of whites returning from New Mexico, wounding six. The particulars I have not learned. Ed. Gurrier, who was in the Cheyenne camp at the time it was attacked by Colonel Covington, on the 29th of November, has returned. He reports the Indians to have moved from their camp on the Smoky Hill and to have made camp again on Beaver Creek more to the north and about 170 miles from this post. They are about the same in numbers as previous reports have stated, viz, 1,080 lodges of Sioux, 400 lodges of Cheyenne, and 40 of Arapaho. This would give them about 2,500 fighting men. The trails that have since crossed to the north were leading toward their camp, and must have been made by Little Raven's Arapahoes, or by the Kiowas and Comanches. In either case their forces are increased. The Indians are evidently preparing for war on larger scale than before their battle at Sand Creek Black Kettle, Little Robe, and Knock Knee, who were reported killed, are at the main camp alive and well, and are the loudest for war of any of the chief. I think it very unsafe now for any small parties to attempt to pass over either the Platte or Arkansas routes without a large escort, except there be a large force sent against the Indians to call them to their camp for its protection. The winter I consider the best time to fight the Indians, as their stock is reduced and they cannot move as rapidly. I believe a large force of cavalry, with forage, could overtake their main camp now, as they are preparing their supply of buffalo meat. Only small war parties are now out, and these we cannot follow with ae in this country with success. Captain Soule has just returned from a scout about fifty miles to the north and east. He visited the camp on Sand Creek where Colonel Covington attacked them. No Indians had been there since Colonel C. left Captain Soule could only find the bodies of sixty-nine Indians, and a large majority of these were women and children. I am satisfied that the first reports were wrong as to the numbers. There could not have been 150 killed in all. The Indians will soon commence depredations. They are evidently only waiting now to learn whether or not we are preparing to penetrate into their country. My force here is large enough to protect the post, tub not to take the field, and my stock is so much reduced that I can only send escorts for the mail once in two or three weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 6, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, for the early consideration of the general commanding, that owing to the scarcity of work in the

