
mountains at present and the little taste that the 100-days' men had of soldering, combined with the urgent necessity for troops, particularly in this district, permission should be obtained to raise all the cavalry possible in this district, not to exceed one maximum regiment. I could in one month or less raise five full companies which might be assigned to one of the regiment now in the field, to complete the organization or remain battalion. If this is not done in two months it will be too late. The matter of raising the regiment could be given to the governor or whoever it was seen most fit. Were it left to me none but officers of the highest tone would get positions; but I prefer to have nothing special to do with in. I have not made this statement or suggestion without consulting some of the best men in town, and seeing with my own eyes the opening for enlistments, as well as the urgent necessity for the same to insure protection to honest, hard-working men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Hatch's Ranch, N. Mex., January 6, 1865.

Captain EDWARD H. BERGMANN,

First Cav. N. Mex. Vols., Commanding at Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

SIR: The general commanding the department received at this place, this evening, your letter of the 1st instant. He directs me to write to you follows: That you must not relax your vigilance with reference to Kiowas and Comanches. He neither expects they will surprise your post nor run off your stock. Whether it is judicious to hers your stock as far away as the Conchas is a point about which he has much doubt. You will have that stock guarded wherever it may be by at least a full company complete, officers and all. The companies will take turns every ten days on this duty, and the greatest watchfulness will be observed that the animals neither stray, are stolen, nor are run off by the Indians. The commanding general here alludes to the commissary and quartermaster's animals and Captain Baca's horse. In the connection he desires that you will sent him a list of all these animals, made from actual count. Have a party of men under a careful officer drilled in the use of the howitzers. You will not have much ammunition to expend in practice with these guns. Make a requisition for what you need and showing the exact amount on hand. You will keep your troops busily employed in drilling, carefully tending their stock, and completing your fort. Report every week your progress, the condition of your stock, all intelligence received in relation to hostile Indians, and if any of the Indians send in a flag of truce treat the bearers well and tell them to wait at the post until you hear from department headquarters. Send an intelligent officer to visit the different herds of sheep and cattle which may be grazing between Hatch's Ranch and Fort Bascom, and warm the men in charge of those herds thaer of a visit the Kiowas and Comanches shall have passed by they had better move their flocks and herds on the west side of the Pecos, between Anton Chico and Gidding's Ranch. Report the result of this warning. There is good pasturage between the Agua Negra and Gallinas, on the east side of the Pecos, to which they might be driven. In case you are menaced by an attack of a

