
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 3. New Orleans, La., June 27, 1864.

The subjoined extract from instructions from the Secretary of War are published for the information and government of commanders of departments and district commanders on the Mississippi River, and the following rules will be observed in carrying out these instructions:

First. The troops employed in the protection of leased plantations will be concentrated in strong position for the protection of districts, and no detachment will be retained for the protection of plantation exposed to attack and beyond the reach of immediate support.

Second. Each point occupied will be strengthened by defensive works so as to secure against assaults, and to be able to hold out until re-enforced. When the isolated detachments are brought in the negroes dependent upon the protection will be brought within our lines.

Third. The protection of the leased plantations will be held subordinate to the necessity of employing the troops for offensive military operations, and the troops so employed will be regarded as in the field, and will be kept in the state of preparation directed by division general orders.

Fourth. The wood yards to be established under the authority of War Department General Orders, Numbers 124, of March 28, 1864, will be established on islands not accessible by the enemy, or at points where the men employed can have the protection of the troops. No tribe stores will be established at any points except those to be permanently occupied and garrisoned by at least a regiment.

Fifth. In giving protection to the establishments of freedmen the same rules will be observed. As far as practicable they will be established at or so near the permanent military posts as to be under the protection of the garrisons of those posts, and in making any charge that may be necessary Colonel Eaton, the general superintendent, will be consulted.

[Extract.]

The Secretary of War directs that when the troops protecting leased plantations are required for offensive operations they be used for that purpose, care being taken to give protection to the negroes on such plantations by bringing them within our lines.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, December 6, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have been prevented by disability from inviting your consideration at an earlier period to the plantation system in the Valley of the Mississippi in its relations to the military occupation and military operations. When it was first commenced the force on the River was very large, and under the assurance of protection, which it was then

