
the special duty of preserving order and protecting the plantations from raids, and protecting the approaches from the districts under the control of the rebels. It is necessary that they should be mustered into the service in order to subject them to military control and to secure proper treatment for them if they should fall into the hands of the enemy. When employed in the protection of private interests they should receive no pay, but if called upon to resist an invasion they should be placed on the same footing with other troops. To guard against the plantations becoming the center of unlawful trade with the enemy, and to secure the negroes employed on the from the danger of falling into the hands of the enemy and being reduced to a state of slavery, no leases should be given for any plantation that is beyond the reach of military supervision and protection, except in the cases where the lessees are able to maintain a force to protect themselves from raids, and hold them until they can be relieved. No plantations should be leased or registered without the knowledge and approval of the commander of the district in which they are located. I have authorized local organization for the purposes above indicated, and I propose to extend it wherever it can be done without danger that the means put into the hands of individuals will not be used against us, but the whole system should be so defined and fixed as not to expose the interests involved to embarrassment and loss by the changes and uncertainty to which they are now subjected.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

[JANUARY 7, 1865. -For Thomas to Canby, in regard to co-operation, see Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 540.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 7. New Orleans, La., January 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

6. Captain G. S. Atkinson, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 348, Adjutant-General's Office, October 15, 1864, is assigned to duty with the troops now being collected at Kennerville, La., and will report accordingly, without delay, to Major General F. Steele and to Bvt. Major C. S. McEntee, assistant quartermaster, at Kennerville.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,

New Orleans, La., January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to call the attention of the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi to the following facts connected with the equipment and fitting out the siege train which

