HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General DANIEL ULLMANN,

Commanding U. s. Forces, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd ultimo, which should have been replied to sooner but that he had intended to have stopped at your post to converse with you fully on various matters of importance while on his way to visit Admiral Lee. As the admiral has signified his intention of coming to New Orleans soon, the general will not go up the River for the present. He directs me to say that he has carefully read and considered the concerns of your interesting letter, and that he appreciates the disadvantages under which you assumed command at Morganza, and your earnest efforts to prevent improper communication beyond your lines and illegal traffic in every shape and manner. He desires, however, that the policy adopted by the Government in relation to the trade in products of insurrectionary districts shall be carried out in good faith, and that all passes and safe conducts granted under the authority of General Orders, Numbers 80, series of 1864, from these headquarters, be respected unless pending or prospective military operations absolutely forbid it. Without discussing the expediency and policy of this trade, the military authorities have no alterative but to obey the executive order in spirit and letter, and your attention is called to paragraph 5, of General Orders, Numbers 80, which (and especially the portion which I have underscored) must be complied with in good faith. As a matter of course, all persons holding permits and safe-conducts are required to act with a reciprocal good faith in their dealing under the authority given them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE L. ANDREWS, Baton Rouge, La.:

Please order the Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry to embark and proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., the senior officer to report from there by letter to General Dana, at Memphis, and to keep the troops on board until his instructions have been received. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 7. Little Rock, Ark., January 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

9. The Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, now at Memphis, Tenn., will proceed without delay to Little Rock, Ark., reporting to the chief of artillery on arrival for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

