
given out, and I have none in to relieve them. Portion of rebel force is still at Boggs' Mill; part had gone on north side of River toward Fort Smith. Unless troubled by rebs from White River will not need re-enforcements. River at a stand.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

LEWISBURG, January 7, 1865-8,20 p. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Lieutenant Wylie has returned form scout on south side of River. Went to all the fords on the Petit Jean; could not cross on account of high water. He reports Brook's regiment still at Beatty's Mill with one piece of artillery. Newton's and Stirman's regiments have headquarters at Bogg's Mill. Rebel families busy moving south. Private scout in; reports Price, Shelby, and Fagan in Texas recruiting. Three brigades at Camden; Parsons' one of them. No other troops north of Red River.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 7, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: Referring to my communication of the 5th instant, I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of telegram* directing the Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry to proceed to Vicksburg and to report to you from there for orders. Should these regiments not be required for the special purpose for which they are transferred you are authorized to make any other disposition of them that you may deem expedient to replace in part the cavalry belonging to General George H. Thomas, and which will have to be sent to him on the completion of the expedition upon which it is now engaged. Your request for the return of A. J. Smith's divisions to your command has been forwarded with the commanding general's recommendation.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,Numbers 2. Natchez, Miss., January 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. The following-named troops are designated for field service, and will report through their commanding officers direct to these headquarters: Twenty-sixth Ohio Battery, Fifth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Eighty-third [Ohio] Volunteer Infantry, Fifty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventieth U. S. Colored Infantry. Colonel F. W. Moore, Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to the command.

---------------

* See, p. 445.

---------------

