
4. Colonel B. G. Farrar, Sixth U. s. Colored Heavy Artillery, is hereby assigned to the command of Fort McPherson.

5. The battalion of the Sixth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, now at Vidalia, La., will report to Colonel B. G. Farrar, at Fort McPherson, for duty.

6. The Eighth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry, now at Natchez, Miss., will move to Vidalia, La., and report to Brigadier General M. Brayman, commanding Sub-District of Vidalia.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

S. S. L'HOMMEDIEU, JR.,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 6. Memphis, Tenn., January 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The following extract from and order received from headquarters Department of Mississippi is published for the information and guidance of the commanding general of the Post and Defenses of Memphis, and the organization of the troops composing his command will be as therein designated until further orders:

The One hundred and eight and One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry will constitute the First Brigade, Colonel George B. Hoge commanding, and the Forty-sixth, Fifty-fifth, Fifty-ninth, and Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry will constitute the Second Brigade, Colonel Frank A. Kendrick commanding, of the Post and Defenses of Memphis. The light batteries are under the direct orders of the chief of artillery District of West Tennessee, who will receive instruction from the district commander.

* * * * * * *

The Third and Seventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery ane the Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry will constitute the garrison of Forth Pickering, Colonel I. G. Kappner commanding. The Eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry will remain on duty as provost guard regiment of the city of Memphis, and will exclusively perform the police and provost-guard duty of the city. The commanding officer of the regiment will report to the commanding general Post and Defenses of Memphis, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 12, paragraph 4, current series, headquarters Department of Mississippi. A suitable site for the erection of barracks will be selected by the chief engineer in the central portion of the city for this regiment. Three principal guardhouses will be erected-one in the center east of the bayou, one on the right, one on the left on the west side of the Gayoso Bayou-from the lumber now in the several barracks occupied by that regiment. The One hundred and twentieth Illinois Volunteer Infantry will furnish all guards for depots, hospitals, &amp;c. The commanding officer will report to the general commanding the Post and Defenses of Memphis for orders. A suitable ground will be selected by the chief engineer for the erection of barracks for this regiment. Both regiments, as soon as their quarters are erected, will relieve all guards daily. Permanent guards will be altogether discontinued. All guards for depots, &c., which cannot*be furnished by those two regiments will be furnished by the dismounted cavalry. All guards of other regiments but the two above named will be relieved as soon as practicable.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch:

R. G. CURTIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

