HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have ordered the post of Caruthersville abandoned, and have stationed the two companies garrisoning it at Bloomfield and Patterson. I consider these as more important points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 7, 1865.

His Excellency THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: I think we should, as early as possible, get an organization in all the disloyal counties, especially in those bordering on the Missouri River. If the legislature passes a bill with no exemption clause and classifies the enrollment, say we call out, arm, and equip the first class, and put 100 men on duty in each of the above-mentioned counties under experienced, fried, and undoubtedly loyal men; get the start of all guerrillas, &amp;c. By this means the running form one county to another by these bands will be prevented. The Government can, I understand, feed these men. Left the counties pay them. It is no more than right that the disloyal counties should pay for their own protection, and this would do away with all complaint as to pay. The district commander could have these men under his command, and if necessary we could place sub-district commanders over them from some of our old regiments. As soon as you adopt the plan for a militia bill I will put the district commanders to work to organize these companies and hold all loyal men in these counties. Above all things, get if possible, in the counties referred to, old soldiers for commanders-men who have been tried, and in regal to whose standing there can be no doubt. It seems to me we ought to have 100 men on duty in each of the counties on the Missouri River within the next sixty days. There are a large number of officers returning from Sherman's army who could be used to good advantage in this work. Let me hear from you.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Numbers 7. Saint Louis, Mo., January 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

VI. The post of Caruthersville will be immediately abandoned. The company of infantry now at that post will report to the commanding officer at Bloomfield, Mo. ; the company of cavalry to the commanding officer at Patterson. All Government property that cannot be taken with the troops will be turned over to the proper officers at New Mad-

29 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

