
acquainted with the coast, were unable to land. During the whole of Monday, January 16, we beat about the north shore of the lake, overhauled the schooner James Stockton at Pass Manchac, examined her papers and found them correct. In the evening passed near the town of Mandeville, headed direct for New Orleans. Sailed in this direction until some time after nightfall, when tacked about and ran up to wharf at Mandeville, dropping anchor about 1 o'clock at night. but one man was visible on the wharf, whom we easily decoyed on board, and by threats induced to consent to pilot us to the office of Lieutenant Robinson. Leaving a small guard in charge of the schooner, I proceed with the remainder of my force to Lieutenant Robinson's quarters. First stationing my men so as to command every place of egress from the house, I opened the front door, and in company with special officers walked in, and striking a light, discovered Lieutenant Winslow Robinson, commandant of the Lake shore District; Captain W. E. Ligon, assistant commissary of subsistence of General Hodge's staff; Bvt. Second Lieutenant G. W. White, First Louisiana Cavalry, C. S. Army, and Judge Bethune, of Georgia, all of whom surrendered at once, and I proceeded to take possession of all contraband articles about the premisses, consisting of one large telescope glass and a quantity of letters, papers, and books appertaining to Lieutenant Robinson as commander of Lake Shore District. The object of the expedition being accomplished, I returned with the prisoners and propertchooner, having been absent from the wharf not to exceed thirty minutes. Immediately set sail for New Orleans, bringing with us the mulatto ma whom we had used as a guide, and leaving the town wrapped in as profound quietude as we had entered it, not seeing an individual save those brought away. Arrived at New Orleans about 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning, January 17; turned over the prisoners to Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, provost-marshal-general military division, and the papers and property to Major-General Hurlbut. Every man engaged in the expedition performed his duty so well that to particularize would be impracticable. Owing to the small space, and cramped, uncomfortable positions, and during the time we were sailing near the coast on the 16th, to prevent discovery, all the soldiers had to remain below deck in the most painful situations, yet no murmur or word of discontent was uttered by a man on board. Each individual man deserves much credit for the manner and promptness in which his duty was performed.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. POWELL,

Captain, 11th Wisconsin Vet. Vol. Infty., and Provost-Marshal.

Major D. J. BENNER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 22, 1865.

Captain A. POWELL,

Eleventh Wis. Vet. Vol. Infty., Provost-Marshal, Algiers, La.:

(Through headquarters Department of the Gulf.)

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt, through headquarters Department of the Gulf, of the report of the expedition which left this city for the town

