
rid. A report will be forwarded to these headquarters of the arrival of the troops at their different stations. The district commander will forward this orders by telegraph.

* * * * * * *

IX. The trial of citizens by civil court for complying with General Orders, Numbers 12. headquarters District of the Border, series 1863, is in direct violation of orders and subjects the parties to punishment for obstructing and opposing the military authorities, and all action in such cases must be immediately stopped. The disloyal parties engaged in such suits in any way will be assessed by the post commander at Kansas City $1,000, to be used in providing for loyal destitute refuges. Loyal destitute refugees will be given permits to cut wood upon the land designated in the above-mentioned order for their own individual use; such permits when given stating the amount each will be allowed to take.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, January 7, 1865.

Colonel ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

The major-general commanding Department of the Missouri directs that the garrison at Caruthersville be withdrawn and stationed at Bloomfield and make that a strong outpost for scouting purposes. There will be also a strong post at Paterson for the same object.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., January 7, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I respectfully invite the attention of the major-general commanding to the last tri-monthly return and the reports of the inspectors, that show that from and aggregate of 2760 enlisted men in cavalry regiments in the district there are but 650 serviceable horses and 342 unserviceable. The demand for escort for the trains to Springfield, and the probability that in a short time there will be a demand fro troops in the field in the direction of Arkansas, makes a case so urgent that I request that special efforts be made to fill requisitions for horses for the Thirteenth Missouri and Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, forwarded to-day.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, January 7, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that there appears to be a state of quiet andu-

