
peace in this district. There is at present no report of any guerrillas or enemies in the country, nor many lawless acts committed by the citizens. The troops are heatly. There is a great need of mounts, and I have directed requisitions to be made for horses. Cantonments have been built, and, except the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, stabling or the horses, and this regiment has begun the work. There is but one filed officer with this regiment, and the necessity for its being drilled and disciplined requires the presence of the lieutenant-colonel and Major Hilliard, and I respectfully ask that if consistent with the public service that they be ordered to join this command. Captain Grimes, assistant quartermaster, and an efficient and ample organization. The inspection for December has been completed, but has not been through. The officers did not enter on the duty until late in the month, and their was not sufficient time to make them very rigid. I shall recommend a change in that department. The hospitals are in fair condition, but the buildings are in bad repair. They are the same that were erected by the major-general commanding in 1861 and 1862, and have not been changed. In fact, about all the improvements at this post were made by him and have not been added to or changed, expect the quartermaster's shops and warehouses, since that time. The report of the chaplain shows that there about 600 refugees and other indigent families living on the bounty of the Government. A rigid examination will be made and so far as practicable the number will be reduced; but until the spring comes I suppose but a small reduction can be made. The prisons are not as clean as they should be. This matter has received attention. Full separate reports will be made as soon as practicable. Measures have been taken to carry out the confidential letter of instructions of the major-general commanding, dated December 26, 1864.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, January 7, 1865-3. 20 p. m.

General DODGE:

Captain Jackson and thirty mounted men of the First Missouri State Militia reported to me last night. Can make good use of them

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, January 7, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a comparative quiet prevails throughout the District of North Missouri. The elements of trouble yet remain in many localities. In nearly all the River counties from Buchanan to Montgomery there are more or less of guerrillas. We hear of them in squads of five and three and single ones moving about. All the mounted troops we have are on the move constantly day and night, and many of the villains are found and killed. The notorious Jim Jackson, of Chariton County, was doubtless mortally wounded near Bynumville, Chariton County, last week. Every effort

