
is being made to discover his place of concealment. Hines, a lieutenant in Holtzclaw's guerrillas, was captured and killed near Rocheport a few days since, and one Campbell, a desperado of much notoriety, was found in a cave, two miles from Fayette, in Howard County, and killed on the pot, by a detachment of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. Others of the bushwhacking rank and file are bing gathered up and mustered out. I have five companies of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, at Glasgow, Fayette, and Rocheport, and one company Forty-ninth Infantry at Columbia. They are well located for the winter duty. It would be pleasant for certain politicians at Columbia to have a company of cavalry stationed at that point to act as escort to said politicians to and from the railroad. With the limited number of troops at my command I am unable to furnish body guards for the distinguished gentleman, hence their cry out in the Democrat of the 5th instant. The rebel register is being rapidly completed, and I will soon be able to furnish you a list of the parties who ought no to remain among us. I trust our legislature will not lose any time in giving us the right kind of militia law, for we need to hasten the organization of every man who can load and fire a gun and be ready before the leaves come. I go to Hannibal to-day to give personal attention to some irregularities in the northeast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, January 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Macon, Mo.:

Night before last Lieutenant Blain with five men succeeded in mustering out two guerrillas in the northeast portion of this county. I hear many stragglers are scattered through the country, and shall endeavor to gather in all I can. I sent out a party to-night, and hope I will be able to report success. I need horses; have but five or six. Can I be allowed to press some twenty-five or thirty?

H. M. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

PATTERSON, MO., January 7, 1865-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I have the honor to report Major Berryman with 300 men in winter quarters in Oil-Trough Bottom, near White River, and five companies of jayhawkers or outlaws between here and Pocahontas. General Price and command is reported near Red River, and all is safe in this quarter.

W. J. MORRIS.

FORT SCOTT, January 7, 1865.

Major H. H. HEATH,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The noted Sam. Vaughn is in the neighborhood of Hickman Mills, Mo., with five others of his gang, and I just learn has threatened to visit Aubrey. There is but one company in this county, and it is two

