
miles from Aubrey. I would not be surprised to hear of the place being burned and the inhabitants murdered at any time. The people there are very much alarmed. The place needs a small body of troops very much.

W. F. GOBLE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 7, 1865.

Major C. C. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: On looking over the district as it now stands, and inquiring into the number of troops stationed at different points, more like picket-posts than anything else, but without any army to fall back on for support, I cannot refrain from suggesting to the general commanding the propriety and imperative necessity of making some change in boundary lines so that it will embrace and permit the possibility of making changes in the stations of troops now huddled together, in many instances with out any view to the general good. My entire force does not exceed 200 men, if, indeed, that many; and they are stationed at points as follows: First Garland, about 150 miles south and a little west of here; Camp Fillmore, about 110 miles south and a little east of here; Camp Living Springs, about 40 miles from here on stage line east, and Valley Station, about 140 miles from here on stage route, east, with no troops in or around Denver, except what is picket up by provost guard as stragglers. Although Valley Station is not in this district, Colonel Covington informs me that he has been instructed to guard this point. You will readily see from this that I have no force to even protect the settlers, let alone fight the Indians. Ranchmen are leaving because they can see no safety for their families or property. All around my district there seems to be plenty of troops, and seemingly with nothing to do, yet they are beyond my control, although several stations draw supplies from this point. Camp Collins, Camp Latham, and some other points on the north are just outside of my lines. Fort Lyon, on the east, is precisely in the same condition, with twice the number of troops stationed there that I have in my entire district. There should, in my judgment, be a chain of stations from Julesburg to Denver, on the stage route; also from Denver to Lyon. These stations should afford protection to settlers and freighters, and give renewed confidence to a people struggling for an existence, aside from being the only way to prevent the Indians from obtaining complete control over the routes of transportation, until a campaign can be made against them whkill or drive the tribes off the plains. I respectfully submit for the special consideration of the commanding general that the district lines be so changed as to make Colorado Territory the District of Colorado. This is but simple justice, and, in my judgment, would give security to lives and property, as troops cold be changed in many instances to better advantage if under my command. Communication can be kept open between here and Fort Lyon, while that post is in a manner shut out from district headquarters, Fort Riley.

Believing this will receive the careful consideration of the commanding general, I have the honor, major, to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

