HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant J. J. KENNEDY,

Commanding Company C, First Colorado Ca., Denver, Colo. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: The colonel commanding directs that you, without fail, start early in the morning of the 9th instant with your command and proceed by forced marches to Valley Station, Colo. Ter., and carry out the provisions of paragraph 2, of Special Orders, Numbers 163, from these headquarters, dated December 22, 1864, and in addition thereto keep parties scouting continually in every direction. These scouting parties must be active and vigilant, keeping a sharp lookout for Indians and signs. Your command must at all times by kept well in hand, under proper discipline and drill, prepared to operate actively against any enemy. You will also advise these headquarters promptly of the movements of the Indians and strike them without fail not waiting for any instructions. You will be held responsible for the protection of lives and property along your route.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant JAMES OLNEY,

Commanding Company H, First Colorado Cavalry:

SIR: You will keep continual scouting parties in every direction. These scouts must be active and vigilant, keeping a sharp lookout for Indians or signs. Your command must at all times be kept well in hand, under proper discipline and drill, prepared to operate actively against any enemy. Advise these headquarters promptly of the movements of the Indians and strike them without waiting for any instructions. I hold you responsible for the protection of lives and promptly on your route.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 6. City Point, Va., January 8, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Harris, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is relieved from duty with Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, and will proceed to his place of residence in Indiana and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

