SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 8. New Orleans, La., January 8, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Upon the completion of the consolidation of the battalions of the Forty-eighth and Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, "to be designated as the Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry" (see Special Orders, Numbers 224, paragraphs 6 and 7, series of 1864, from these headquarters), the regiment will be ordered from duty at Natchez, Miss., and ordered to proceed to Kennerville, La., and report to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding Third Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. Surg. Otis M. Humphrey, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty as chief medical officer of the U. S. forces at Kennerville, La., and will report accordingly to Major General F. Steele without delay.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 4. New Orleans, La., January 8, 1865.

1. A draft of one in seven, based upon the enrollment directed in General Orders, Numbers 31, of 1864,* will be made in the Departments of Arkansas, Mississippi, and the Gulf on the 15th day of February, proximo, unless the quotas to be assigned to the several departments named shall previously have been filled by voluntary enlistments.

2. The commanders of the department named will fix the quotas for the several districts within the limits of their commands and take the necessary measures for the prompt execution of this order.

3. The draft and enlistment of volunteers will be conduct in strict accordance with the regulations established by the War Department.

4. Volunteers that may be raised under this order will be assigned to organization already in the service of the United States, and no new organizations will be commenced until after these have been filled, unless specially authorized by the Secretary of War.

5. The troops to be raised under this order will not be credited to the quota of any State included in the President's proclamation of December 13, 1864.

6. All persons who have or may hereafter come into the departments above named from the States or districts included in the President's proclamation will be added to the enrollment and included in the draft, unless they furnished satisfactory evidence that they have fulfilled their obligations in relation to the draft in the district of their permanent residence.

7. Deserters from the enemy will not be drafted and if enlisted will not be assigned to local organizations, but will be sent in detachments of suitable strength to Milwaukee, Wis., to be assigned to regiments serving on the Indian frontier.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 465.

---------------

