
for protection on the military force here. The refugees here were brought in hired transportation and left here, and cannot move as they are. An order to move my force elsewhere would leave them at the mercy of the rebels, if, indeed, it would be possible at all to move these soldiers away, to leave their women, children, old and sick people. Under the orders received it was necessary, since my return, for the Fifty-fourth U. C. Colored and the First Arkansas Infantry to march below. This leaves me simply the Indian command. My tri-monthly of the 31st ultimo shows that be and aggregate of 2,112; 1,463 are present for duty; 382 escorting train. The evacuation of Fort Smith will leave this place rather weak, but I think I can hold my own until you determine what is to be the future of this command. The orders I have received so instruct me. For the future I make no recommendation, being ignorant of the policy determined about the Indian Nation. With the present Indian force, a good infantry regiment and good battery, and mounting half of the Indians, I think the country north of the Arkansas River, in the Indian Nation, could be held by making a vigorous use of the force. Unless the country north of the River be held it is doubtful about our holding any foothold in the Indian Nation, and the probabilities are that it would be organized against us. Efforts have been made, and are made by the enemy, to get these civilized and half-civilized Indians into a sort of neutrality league, which would, of course, eventually operate to their benefit. Of the present condition of affairs and the approaching period of "muster out," I thus advise you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, January 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival here and assumption of the command of this district, as per accompanying order from the headquarters of the Military Division of West Mississippi. I inclose also copies of all general and special orders issued by me up to date. General Canby directed me to designate a permanent garrison for Fort McPherson, and to organize and refit those troops in excess of this garrison of 1,000 men for the field. I designated the Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery as the garrison, and placed its colonel, B. G. Farrar, in command of Fort McPherson. Special Orders, Numbers 2, paragraphs III and IV, are issued in conformity with those instructions. I was also directed to leave the troops on the Vidalia side of the River the same numerically. I found a Mr. C. D. Townsend, appointed by General Brayman, acting as mayor of the city, without any responsibility, by commission, to the Government, and collecting large revenues for this place. In conformity with General Canby's views expressed to me in a conversation with him that the city should be governed as under martial law, I relieved Mr. Townsend and appointed a provost-marshal. Paragraph VII, of Special Orders, Numbers 2, was therefore issued. Mr. Townsend has turned over $7,000 of funds collected, and I ask of the commanding general what disposition shall be made of them. I have placed General Brayman in command of that portion of the district west of the Mississippi, with his headquarters at Vidalia. General Canby informed me that about 6,000 troops would be stationed in the district,

