
stand that the intends, to the extent of his ability and power, to hold them to a strict accountability for their every act of direct or indirect hostility to the Government, or that tends in any manner to aid these outlaws. Henceforth, in order to merit and receive its aid and protection, citizens, must by their actions show to the Government that they not only have no sympathy whatever with bushwhackers and guerrilla bands, but that they are most earnestly opposed to them; and they must at the same time give these outlaws to know that they cannot dwell in their midst and roam over entire counties and abide in their neighborhood unmolested and no reported. Hereafter it will be required of citizens, in all cases, to report the passing by, the congregating or camping near or upon them, the feeding, whether through fear, or force, or otherwise, of bushwhackers, guerrillas, and any other knowledge they may have relative to the whereabouts, doings, &amp;c., of these outlaws. This report must be promptly made to the nearest military authorities. All citizens failing to report as above required will have their property seized and themselves and families sent beyond the limits of this department; and those who are found to have given direct and voluntary aid to bushwhackers and guerrillas, or rebels, will be arrested and banished, or tried by military courts for violation of the laws of war. Any person making any agreement with bushwhackers and guerrillas or pretended rebel bands, for his own personal security or that of his family or property, and who does not immediately report to the Federal authorities the fact of such agreement, showing that it was made through force, need not expect any mercy at the hands of the Government. The disloyal residents of each county will be held to a strict accountability for any injury inflicted upon loyal people thereof by bushwhackers and rebel marauders. It is time that people who have been allowed to live peaceably, enjoy protection, and grow whicrnment, while they have given aid and comfort to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, or by a non-committal course of conduct, should be made to show their hands and once for all to place themselves either in earnest, practical support of the Government or with its avowed enemies, to that we can deal with them understandingly. From this time henceforth district and sub-district commanders and provost-marshals will report to these headquarters the names of all individuals and families who are found to be guilty of aiding the rebellion, or of aiding or encouraging bushwhackers and partisan marauders by such acts of commission or omission as herein mentioned, in order that immediate action may be taken in their cases. Those citizens who consider themselves so bound to their guerrilla and rebel friends that they cannot comply with the requirements of this order, who therefore prefer to join their friends within the rebel lines, will, upon application in writing to these headquarters for that purpose, be given permission to pass beyond our lines with te privilege of taking with them sufficient of their personal property, such as clothing, &c., to render them comfortable. The military forces throughout the department are commanded to respect the civil law, and when necessary to aid its officers; to refrain from all unauthorized depredations, especially to commit to act through personal enmity and to protect, aid, and encourage all those who by their acts unfairly show an honest and earnest desire to support the Government in putting down the rebellion and ridding the country of bushwhackers and guerrilla bands.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

