
of Mandeville, on Lake Pontchartrain, on the 15th instant, under your command, and which resulted in the capture of three noted rebel officers and Judge Bethune, of Georgia. The admirable skill, courage, and promptness which marked this gallant little affair merits the highest commendation, and I am charged with the pleasant duty of conveying the approbation and thanks of the commanding general to yourself, as well as to the little band who accompanied you, and who, by their good conduct and patient endurance, aided materially in securing the successful results of the expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 15-18, 1865. -Expeditions from Pine Bluff, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Temple, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., January 19, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, the 15th instant, in compliance with your orders and instructions, with thirty men under my charge, I made a march on the Little Rock road, as an escort to the telegraph repairer, for the purpose of repairing the lines which had been cut. Advanced about twelve miles, where we found the wires down, a considerable portion of which we succeeded in repairing, when one of the climbers of the repairer broke, and being depredators. Moved south five miles until we came to the house of Mr. Rodgers, where I found him and Doctor Norris (formerly a surgeon in the Confederate Army); also a considerable portion of telegraph wire, about the quantity missing at the point where the wire was cut on the road, together with a Harper's Ferry musket and a quantity of ammunition, after Mr. Rodgers having denied there being any arms upon the premises. I took these two persons (Mr. Rodgers and Doctor Norris) in custody and returned to this post by way of Mr. Woods', one mile east of Mr. Rodgers' place, where I learned that the wire had been cut two men named Benjamin Riggs and John Jones. Monday, January 16, being again detailed for the same as the previous day, I left this post with thirty men at 8. 15 a. m. and marched to the point where the telegraph wires were cut, which were then repaired by Mr. Lawler, the telegraph operator; after which, in accordance with instructions, I advanced in a southerly direction to the house of Mr. Woods, whom I took prisoner. From this point I changed my line of march in a westerly direction until I reached the Hot Springs road, which I followed westward for two miles, and then took a southerly direction one mile to the house of Doctor Ursury. Was informed by the gentleman's wife that he had gone on a visit to some neighrt I doubted, and then moved forward a quarter of a mile, when I countermarched back to the house of Doctor Ursury, and this time found it deserted. Shortly afterward my attention was attacked to a woman running in the direction of the house, and from the direction she came from I discovered a body of about twenty-five men deploying into line. I immediately ordered my men forward and gave

