
the 3rd instant; have visited the following stations on my route: Salina, Ellsworth, and Zarah. Found one company at Salina under Captain Hammer, one at Ellsworth, under Lieutenant Garfield. I consider Fort Ellsworth a very important station to scout from, and as the company there had only nine horses, I have ordered Company L, Second Colorado Cavalry, there as re-enforcement. At Fort Zarah there is a force of 250 recruits of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry without artillery. I left two mountain howitzers there. I have ordered Company H, Twelfth Kansas Infantry, Lieutenant Burton commanding, now on duty at this post, to Fort Riley for garrison duty; also the left section Ninth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Crocker commanding, to same place. I relieved them with battalion under Captain Moses, consisting of Companies M, I, D, F, and that portion of A and B not yet mustered out, of the Second Colorado Cavalry. Indians are troublesome west of this. On the 26th of December a train was attacked ninety miles west of here. The men, twenty in number, with eleven rifles, fought bravely. The Indians wounded seven (one mortally), but they succeeded in reaching this post. (See report of Lieutenant Crocker, commanding post.) I have sent scouts out from Ellsworth and Salina, who will report here to me probably next Wednesday night. From all report all the Indians are making north and congregating on headwaters of Smoky Hill. One large band with their women and children crossed 100 miles west of this about Christmas, the same band probably that attacked the train already mentioned. I have talked with the wounded men, and they estimate the party that attacked them at 150. The people here and, in fact, all the citizens of the border, are very much enraged at the course taken by Colonel Covington and his troops. By the accounts of some of his own regiment stationed at Fort Lyon who were present it was a horrible affair; but whether he was right or wrong, it has precluded all probabilities of peace, and it is now war to the knife. All the tribes will have to conquered. That cannot be done in one campaign, and we will have a lively time this summer. My plan would be to give me troop enough at these stations on the route to keep communication open, and then give me Lieutenant-Colonel Walker and Major Ketner, with the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry and the Second Colorado Cavalry, entirely foot loose from post duty, and let them live on the plains all the time, same as Indians, coming into the post only for rations. I will guarantee to make it so hot for the Indians before fall that they will hunt a cooler district or throw up their hands and retire from the game. I find here that I have got work enough on my hands to keep me here for at least a week, and shall not go farther west at present. I would respectfully recommend that efforts be made to reach Little Raven's band of Arapahoes, a large portion of which escaped from the massacre on Sand Creek, and have them separated from the hostile bands. They are, or were, anxious for peace, and Little Raven offered all his warriors to Major Wynkoop to help chastise the Kowas and Sioux. They never wanted war, but were always friendly. Escorting the coach from here to Fort Lyon, a distance of 240 miles, is very hard work on our cavalry horses. I have to send at least forty men. Would recommend one or two stations between here and Fort Lyon during the summer. In the meantime I shall only send the coach through twice a month.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding District.

