
the Military Division of West Mississippi. Captain George W. Dresser, acting aide-de-camp, Captain J. J. Van Horn, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant E. A. Duer, aide-de-camp, have been authorized by these commissioner to perform such military inspections as may from time to time be considered necessary, and the major-general commanding directs that these officers be furnished all necessary facilities and information to enable them to execute their duties fully and promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding general U. S. force, Kennerville, La. ; commanding general Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark. ; commanding general Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn. ; commanding general Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.)
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, January 9, 1865.

Captain P. C. HAINS,

U. S. Engineers, Chief Engineer Department of the Gulf:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th instant, and in reply thereto to inform you that, as nearly as may be described, the boundaries of the Defenses of New Orleans are as follows: Commencing at North Pass Manchac; thence west along the southern shore of Lake Maurepas to the Amite River; thence through Bayou Manchac to the Mississippi River; thence through the Bayou Plaquemine to Grand River; thence t Berwick Bay; thence to the Gulf of Mexico; thence east to Ship Island; thence through Mississippi Sound, the Rigolets, and Lake Pontchartrain, returning to the place of beginning at North Pass Manchac. The following are the regularly garrisoned posts: New Orleans, Algiers, Camp Parapet, Carrollton, Greensville, Kenner, Lakeport, Proctorville, Ship Island, Fort Livingston, Donaldsonville, Napoleonville, Thibodeaux, Brashear City, Bonnet Carre, Terre Bonne.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 9, 1865.

Colonel HARAI ROBINSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that from reports received it would appear that there is danger of the new levee at Kennerville giving way, and to request that you will send a competent person to examine into it, so that in case the apprehensions are well grounded immediate measures may betaken to prevent the disaster consequent upon the breaking of the levee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

