HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 9, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that a cavalry force of about 1,000 be detached from your department and sent with the least possible delay to Memphis, Tenn., to report to General Dana. He also wishes to know what cavalry force is absolutely necessary for the defense of Arkansas, and directs that the balance be held in readiness to move whenever and wherever required. No report has as yet been received in relation to the troops of the Reserve Corps within the limits of your command. It is very desirable that they should join the main portion of the corps now collecting at Kennerville, La., as soon as possible, and I am directed to request that the necessary orders issue from your headquarters accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 9, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to address you this morning in relation to the transfer of certain cavalry from your department to the Department of Mississippi, and other matters. Since then your cipher dispatch of the 3rd has been received. I am directed to say that the Thirty-fifth Wisconsin can only be retained if replaced at once by another regiment equal in strength and efficiency, and that the ninety-sixth Ohio should be relieved as soon as possible and sent with the rest of the forces of the Reserve Corps to Kennerville. I am further directed to request that as soon as the troops from the District of the Frontier have come in and the necessary permanent forces assigned t the respective posts, the surplus force may be put in condition and held in readiness for service elsewhere whenever they may be called for. The commanding general will be pleased to receive from you, as early as possible, an estimate of the force that you will thus be able to spare.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 8. Little Rock, Ark., January 9, 1865.

1. Colonel E. Bridgeman, late Ninety-first U. S. Colored Infantry, is hereby appointed superintendent of the U. S. military railroad from Little Rock to Devall's Bluff, Ark., and will be obeyed and respected as such, under the official direction of the chief quartermaster of the department.

* * * * *

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

