
the command "charge," but before I got within carbine range the enemy broke in confusion, leaving some horses and equipments; but, my men failing to keep up with me and the enemy scattering in so many directions, I found it impossible to overtake them, and so abandoned the chase. From what I could learn this force consisted of fragments of Webb's, Kidd's, and Wilson's commands. I was informed by one of my men, who saw and knew him, that Doctor Ursury was among the number; his wife also cried out to us to kill him. I then traveled a settlement road, nearly due south, to Mr. Geans', about five miles, where we encamped for the night, nothing further of note occurring this day. Tuesday, January 17, moved westward to Mr. Roden's place, where we came to the Little Rock and Warren road, which we traveled four miles to Mr. Clegg's, whom I took prisoner. After moving on this road two miles farther we traveled a settlement road running south, and marched about twenty miles to White Oak Bluff, on Saline River. Moved five miles below, south, on this road to Mr. Hamilton's, where we encamped for the night, Here I learned that Mr. Ingraham and Mr. Roden had been run away by "graybacks. " Nothing further occurred this day. Wednesday, January 18, moved north from Hamilton's three miles, where we struck the Camden road, on which we moved east seven miles to Hudson's, where we found five guns secreted; any arms upon the premises. Two of the guns were found at the cotton gin of Mrs. Hudson, where I found a Mr. Alexander engaged in ginning cotton. There was enough cotton there to make some fifteen bales. Eleven bales were already packed. I took Mr. Alexander in custody, and then returned to Pine Bluff, arriving here at 4 p. m. without any accident having happened to my command.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. TEMPLE,

Second Lieutenhirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

First Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 15-21, 1865. -Scout from Fort Larned to Pawnee Fork, Walnut Creek, and Smoky Hill River, Kans.

Report of Sergt. David C. Nettleton, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding scout.

FORT LARNED, January 22, 1865.

SIR: The following journal of a scout sent by your orders to ascertain whether any Indians were camped on Pawnee Fork, Walnut Creek, or to Smoky Hill, to the west and northwest of this place, is respectfully submitted.

January 15, scout, consisting of thirteen men, started at 7. 30 a. m; traveled up Pawnee Fork-creek forks twenty-five miles west of Fort Larned; traveled two miles up the North Fork and camped; timber plenty on both forks for camping purposes; buffalo plenty; traveled twenty-seven miles. January 16, traveled up the North Branch of Pawnee Fork till noon; left it at the last large clump of timber and came to Walnut Creek in sixteen miles, northwest; creek forks three miles above camp; timber plenty; traveled twenty-seven miles. January

