
ment of the Indian brigade some eighty miles up the Arkansas River on the north side, until opposite the mouth of Pole Cat Creek, at which place I came upon a good road much worn with travel, evidently a road much used. The ford of the Arkansas River is good. The bearing of the road is south-southwest by the north-northeast. The Caney and Bird Creeks are also easily forded, all of which affords an easy and safe communication for the rebels between Missouri and Texas. Hence the reason of so much danger and damage to our messengers and small parties between Cabin Creek and Baxter Springs. The trails come together at the Verdigris, and from thence from a grand trunk road, by which General Gano retreated with the supply train which he captured at Cabin Creek, Cherokee Nation. I give you these facts to show how much the southern border of Kansas is exposed to the Texas rangers. Fort Gibson affords but little protection to this road. In February of 1864 I marched my command south of Arkansas River in the direction of Fort Washita and came upon the same line of road 100 miles south of the Arkansas. I returned on this road to the Arkansas River. The road and fords of the stream are good, and it is the most practicable route from Kansas to Red River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. FOREMAN,

Major, Commanding Third Indian Regiment.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Numbers 3. Denver, Colo. Ter., January 9, 1865.

First Lieutenant J. S. Maynard, Company H, First Regiment Colorado Cavalry, is, in addition to his duties as judge-advocate, hereby appointed district inspector, vice Major Downing, muster out of service by virtue of expiration of term of service.

By order of Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

IRA T. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, January 9, 1865.

Lieutenant W. R. NEWKIRK,

Valley Station:

Troops are en route to you. Remain, and have people do so.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 10. New Orleans, La., January 10, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Captain Oliver P. Gooding, Tenth U. S. Infantry (late colonel Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers), is hereby assigned to duty as an inspecting officer with the forces now being concentrated at Kennerville, La., and will report accordingly to Major General F. Steele, commanding, without delay.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

