
commanding District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, is ordered before a court of inquiry at Centerville, Miss., on charges of incompetency and cowardice. Colonel Griffith, Eighteenth Texas [Seventeenth Arkansas], supersedes him. Colonel Scott's and Colonel Ogden's regiments have gone to Mobile. Third Louisiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Amacker commanding; Fourth Louisiana Cavalry, Colonel Frank P. Powers commanding; Fifth Louisiana Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Carter commanding, under Colonel D. Gober, are at Jackson, Miss. Three regiments of General Wirt Adams' command are to take the place of the above, but have not yet arrived. A few companies of scouts only were left behind to collect absentees, and they are ordered to report at Mount Nebo Church, La., January 12, 1865; thence to rejoin their regiments. Lieutenant John Reynolds, a notorious jayhawker, professing to be of Colonel Gober's command, has just been brought into Baton Rouge and placed in jail. Was found in a house five miles distant, insensible from blows inflicted by an ax in the hands of a negro. Mississippi: The chief transit route of the rebels across the Mississippi River is at Saint Joseph, La. Lieutenant W. P. Knowles reports the enemy in such strength along the River at that point that he was unable to make any important advance into the country. By signal stations at Oakland College, five miles above Rodney, at Mrs. Ellis', six miles above Oakland College, and one mile and a half above Grand Gulf, the River is overlooked and watched for some distance below Rodney to a point above Grand Gulf. Four hundred cavalry troops are distributed between these points on the east side of the River. On the opposite side is a large force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

By S. M. EATON,

Captain Signal Corps, U. S. A. ., Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

(In Major Marston's illness.)

MORGANZA, January 10, 1865.

(Received 5. 15 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

Will reach the city about 10 a. m. to-morrow. I have with me the Thirty-seventh Illinois and Twentieth Iowa. Total present, 797.

CHAS. BLACK,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 10, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

This army generally has not been paid since last June. The bounties are all unpaid except first installment. Much dissatisfaction and suffering exist.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

