
City, for the purpose of examining the bridges, &amp;c., and superintending the location of sites for block-houses, returning to these headquarters upon the completion of these duties.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Numbers 9. Rolla, Mo., January 10, 1865.

1. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters the Seventeenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry is hereby relieved from duty in this district. The mounted portion of the regiment will proceed by land to-morrow morning, with camp and garrison equipage to Centerville, Reynolds County, Mo., where the officer in command of the detachment will report by messenger to the commanding officer at Pilot Knob for orders. The dismounted men will proceed this afternoon by rail to Pilot Knob, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel E. C. Catherwood:

C. G. LAURANT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 10, 1865-10 p. m.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The major-general commanding having directed me to collect what information I could concerning rebel forces in Northern Arkansas, I have the honor to report that Colonel Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, arrived with his command at this post to-day. he cam through Powhatan, Pocahontas, and Poplar bluff. He fund no enemy in force. He ascertained Bowles had 60 men, Bolin 200; that there were parts of three brigades scattered through Northern Arkansas-Freeman's, Dobbin's, and McCray's--the whole under the command of Fagan, with headquarters at Colona, thirty miles from Jacksonport. He learned that they were ordered to concentrate on Crowley's Ridge the 1st of this month. But 300 reported. He thinks that their commanders will not be able to get them together again. He killed in skirmish 10 men and captured 22. He found forage plenty. He met my expedition going to Cherokee Bay. He came near capturing Reves. He killed one captain that was with him; captured his quartermaster. Reves escaped, half dressed, by getting into the swamp and swimming Black River.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, January 10, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of affairs in this district: Saline County has been remarkably

