
quiet since the return from there of the large scout sent the latter part of December. No troubles of any sort have been heard of. I shall send two squadrons to that county, to take station on the River, to break up, if possible, the connection between the south and north side of the River, and destroy the haunts of thieves and marauders in the bend of the River below Miami. I am, also making effort to organize in that county provisional companies, and to this end have intrusted the matter to Colonel W. A. Wilson and Dr. G. O. Hardeman, two of the best and truest Union men in the county. But the difficulty in the way of accomplishing much good in this way in Saline is that there are so few readily reliable Union men in those parts of the county most needing protection, and the further fact of the Union men being so scattered over the country. I have offered them all possible protection and aid while their efforts for organization are being made. In Jackson County there has recently been some trouble. A small party of bushwhackers, it seems, have been loitering in the vicinity of Hickman Mills and recently killed a Mr. Johnson, an old esteemed citizen and loyalist. This occurrence was the first intimation given these headquarters of the existence of these outlaws, notwithstanding two companies of cavalry were at Pleasant Hill and one at Independence, both bearing on this point. I have relieved the officer in command at Pleasant Hill and sent a live man there, and have ordered a squadron to the seat of this trouble. The Pacific Railroad Company have resumed work on the road at the crossing of the Little Blue, and ask for a guard to give security and protection to the laborers and property. The demand on my limited cavalry is too great. I would respectfully suggest that as I have sent one squadron to Colonel Harding, Kansas City, that he might send an infantry guard to the Little Blue for the benefit of the railroad. They would be as efficient for that purpose as cavalry, and give me the latter to scout with, &amp;c. Besides, to answer to this demand would take my horses out of their stables and put them out doors. But the road must be protected, and if the infantry can't go I will send the cavalry. I have given special attention to having comfortable quarters for troops and stables for public horses erected. At this place we have a splendid camp, some 100 huts, well built and arranged, and good stables for 1,000 horses. Such huts have been built at all the posts and stations in the district and with very little cost to the Government. In obedience to orders from your headquarters I issued the necessary orders and instructions for the construction of block-houses and stockades. This work is under the superintendence of Major Douglas Dale, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and is being prosecuted with commendable zeal under all the circumstances. At the Osage bridge two block-houses, one on either side of the river, are being built. At Jefferson City nothing is to be done. That town was so thoroughly fortified, &c., when threatened last fall as to render any other defensive works unnecessary. At La Mine bridge, Pacific Railroad, a block-house is being built; at Sedalia, a block-house and stockade; at Marshall, a stockade. Lexington already has a fort. Kansas City is left to Colonel Harding. The situation of this town is so peculiar as not to render it susceptible of defense by a stockade. One or two block-houses will be built at least, to protect public square and principal business houses. Touching the organization of local companies, I would inquire whether or not the major-general commanding has any special plan for the organization of this force? Under General Orders, Nos. 12 and 19, from these headquarters, series of 1864, the citizens of this district were organized, and many of these citizen guard companies are yet in existence

