
and have done well. General Orders, Numbers 192, from department headquarters, series of 1864, would seem to direct that these citizen guard and all local organizations conform, in their organization, to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 107, of same series. I am, therefore maturing a plan of organization for local forces in conformity to these orders from department headquarters. Any suggestion or direction from the major-general commanding to aid me in this matter will be appreciated. In compliance with letter of instructions from the major-general commanding, I issued the necessary instructions to commanding officers and provost-marshals for taking lists and making rolls of the various classes of disloyal citizens. Under orders and instructions of a prior date, issued by Major-General Rosecrans, the provost-marshal's department had been quite busy in collecting names, &amp;c., of all those captured and paroled by the enemy during the late raid, and all the facts and circumstances of the case, and in getting the names, &c., of those two had recently joined the army, or had returned, &c. These rolls were about being completed when the roll required by the major-general commanding was ordered. All effort is now directed to this classification and is being pressed as energetically as possible. It will require much labor and time to prepare the rolls, and I trust much patience will be exercised toward us, as we shall hasten them all we can. The returned conscripts from Price's army are being arrested and sent to district provost-marshal for thorough examination and disposal. This number is not as large as I had supposed, and very few of these but what would adhere to the rebels if in the ascendant. The great indifference of municipal authorities and neighborhoods to the wants of the poor in their midst, and the swiftness with which they referred the cases of the needy to these headquarters for the charity of the Government, induced me to address a circular to the people, urging them to organize in every town, city, and neighborhood relief associations for the care, &c., of the poor. It is receiving a gratifying response. Since the issue of the circular I have received General Orders, Numbers 238, series 1864, from your headquarters, which I assure you is as well timed as it is fitly spoken. The general aspect of affairs in the district is bright and cheering. A growing disposition among the people is discernable to second radical measures for the suppression of our troubles, and an entire yielding up o sympathizers and on acquiescence in such terms as the authorities may impose are among the things that give promise of better days.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 10, 1865.

Colonel PHILIPS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I want troops to keep on the move through La Fayette, Saline, and Cooper Counties. Now is our time to catch the stragglers from the guerrilla bands and break up their haunts. Unless this is done, as soon as leaves come they will give us great trouble. By giving them no rest many will leave the State.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

