HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 10, 1865-12. 20 p. m.

Colonel PHILIPS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Colonel Harding has been ordered to report to you hereafter, except tri-monthly report of his regiment will be sent to General Fisk, part of the regiment being in that district. You will place him in command of that sub-district and give him control of the troops in it; also furnish him troops enough so that he can keep a company at crossing of Little Blue.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, January 10, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Dispatch directing movement of troops through La Fayette, Saline, and Cooper received and will be complied with. Have on now organized for Saline.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

Numbers 1. Warrensburg, Mo., January 10, 1865.

I. The sub-districts of General Missouri as heretofore existing are hereby discontinued and the district is resub-districted as follows:

II. First. The First-Sub District will be composed of that portion of the district of Central Missouri east of the counties of Saline, Pettis, and Benton, headquarters at Jefferson City Mo., Lieutenant Colonel T. A. Switzler, Sixth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, commanding.

Second. The Second Sub-District will comprise the counties of-Saline, Pettis, and all that portion of Benton County north of the Osage River, headquarters at Sedalia, Mo., Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding.

Third. The Third Sub-District will comprise the counties of La Fayette, Johnson, Henry, and that portion of Saint Clair north of the Osage River, headquarters at Warrensburg, Mo., ----, commanding.

Fourth. The fourth Sub-District will comprise the counties of Jackson, Cases, Bates, and that portion of Vernon County north of the Osage River, headquarters at Kansas City, Mo., Colonel Chester Harding, Forty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry, commanding.

III. Commanding officers of sub-districts will not change the stations of troops in their commands without permission from these headquarters. The troops must be keep concentrated as far as possible, and no matter at how secure a place stationed, they must at all times keep out pickets. Thorough discipline and regular drills among both officers and men are enjoined, and sub-district commanders will be held responsible for the enforcement of these requirements.

IV. All communications, reports, and returns made by subordinate officers to these headquarters will be transmitted through their respective sub-district headquarters.

V. The following-named officers are hereby announced as composing the district staff, and in order to facilitate the transaction of business

