
17, traveled up the North Fork of Walnut Creek; turned to the right p. m. and camped on a small creek running into the Smoky Hill; buffalo suddenly disappeared to-day-a pretty strong sign that we are in the vicinity of Indians; traveled thirty-five miles. January 18, traveled northeast down the creek and came to the Smoky Hill in ten miles; river dry in places; passed a high cedar bluff on the south side of the river eight miles below, the only camping place for Indians in this vicinity. Colonel Sumner's old trail crosses the river just below the cedar bluff; camped on the river ten miles below the bluff; no timber to-day except at the cedar bluffs and a few scattering trees on small creeks; traveled twenty-eight miles. January 19, traveled down on north side of the river; came to level country p. m. ; camped on a small creek called by the Indians Bluff Creek; plenty of timber on the creek; a great deal of camping has been done here by the Indians; three lodges, made of hay and brush, near the mouth of the creek were probably occupied by a war party of Indians twenty or thirty strong, about a month ago; traveled thirty-five miles. January 20, traveled down the river on the south side nine miles, and finding that we could not well reach Fort Ellsworth, we turned due south and reached Walnut Creek in eighteen miles; traveled twenty-seven miles. January 21, traveled south and got to Fort Larned in about twenty-eight miles. There had been a party of Indians on the head of Walnut Creek about six week ago, probably a small war party. The Indians who were camped at the mouth of Bluff Creek were probably there for the purpose of committing depredations on the road. They evidently had no ponies and probably made their excursions on foot. The Sioux, I am informed, go to war in this manner. The cedar bluff where Colonel Sumner crossed the river is 140 or 150 miles above Fort Ellsworth and 90 or 100 miles from Fort Larned. We were about fifteen miles west of the cedar bluff, making 150 or 160 miles above Fort Ellsworth. Curtis, the Indian trader, corroborates the above distances. The occupy up Pawnee Fork is level, affording a good road for a command with transportation. The country on the upper Smoky Hill in the vicinity of the cedar bluff is very broken and would prove very difficult for wagons. The streams bear evident signs of high rises, but do not stay up long at one time. It is my opinion that the depredations committed by Indians are done principally by war parties of from 20 to 150 warriors, and that the main camps are far to the west or northwest. Accompanying you will find a map showing the route taken on this and previous scout. *

Yours, respectfully,

D. C. NETTLETON,

Sergeant, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Scouts.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD.

JANUARY 16-18, 1865. -Expedition from Brashear City to Whisky Bayou, La.

Report of Captain Luther T. Park, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP ELEVENTH Regiment WIS. VETERAN VOL. INFTY.,

Brashear City, La., January 19, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received, I embarked, with 100 men from the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

