
loyal people must be fully accounted for according to existing regulations. Troops must also be continually instructed that any depredations committed, foraging, &amp;c., no matter on whom committed, except by command of a competent officer, are illegal, and officers will be held strictly responsible for the acts of their men. It is a high duty of officers and men to pay proper respect to civil law, not to interfere in its execution and when necessary to aid in upholding and enforcing it. You will make tri-monthly reports to these headquarters of the operations of the troops in your command and all matters of military importance. This letter of instructions must be regarded as strictly private.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

KANSAS CITY, January 10, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

The persons who killed Johnson were bushwhackers. My men are hunting them up. You will hear complaints against me in this and other cases for undue severity. I shall try to raid Jackson County of rebels, and in doing so shall burn their nests whenever necessary.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 10, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City:

I have heard no complaints. I desire to have troops kept active during the winter to hunt out these bushwhackers; now is our time; but the posts that it is necessary to hold should be kept, the fewer the better. A force at Little Blue, to scout in that country, would, in my judgment, be a good point. It would at the same time give protection to railroad men. I suppose you can direct all these movements as well at your headquarters as to take the field yourself; probably better, as you could keep all at work in your sub-district. As you will now have several mounted companies as well as your infantry, I desire to be kept posted direct of all important scouts, &c. The main thing is not to allow these outlaws any rest during the winter. We have got the advantage now. When leaves come they will have it.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, January 10, 1865-2. 20 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Do you wish me to take the field with what men I have, or garrison posts near here?

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.

