
MACON, January 10, 1865-12. 20 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis:

Captain Denny's Roanoke militia attacked Bill Jackson's guerrillas six miles north of Glasgow this morning at 4 o'clock, and killed one of the villains and one horse. Our troops are in pursuit of the band, with orders not to stop day or night until they kill the entire party of bushwhackers.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Numbers 6. Macon, Mo., January 10, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. Company D, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will proceed at once under command of the first sergeant to Columbia, Mo., reporting upon arrival to Captain Colbert, commanding post, for duty.

III. Company E, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will proceed without delay to Hannibal, Mo., reporting for duty to Colonel J. T. K. Hayward, commanding Sub-District of Hannibal, Mo.

IV. Major Samuel A. Garth, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby assigned to the command of the Sub-District of Howard, headquarters Glasgow, relieving Major Reeves Leonard, of the same regiment.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Columbia, Mo.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 6th is received. I have ordered that Dr. H. R. C. Cowden, of Rocheport, and his family remove out of the State of Missouri and beyond the State of Indiana on or before the 1st of February next; and I think I will banish every man and woman who comes by letter, petition, or persons pleading in behalf of bushwhack feeder and drinker Cowden. Captain Cook, now at Rocheport, will be charged with the execution of the order. Cowden shall go unless my star is eclipsed. I am surprised at the great delay in the completion of your home organization. Certainly you are not going to let the enterprise fall through, are you? Arms will be furnished whenever you want them. You very well known that I have not the force sufficient to station troops at every county town. I have less than 2,500 in the entire district, less than 500 mounted, and most of them poorly mounted at that. Missouri will have to provide for herself. Counties must raise, mount, and pay their own troops. I am going to Jefferson City to urge some such plan, and will thank you for any suggestion you may have to make. It comes with an ill grace from Boone County citizens to complain of want of protection, when I can give you may

