
petitions from my files praying for the removal of all troops from Boone County. Quiet would prevail if the Ninth Cavalry could only be removed from the county entirely. You have bit to make the recommendation, and permits for arms and ammunition will be granted every individual you commend. I believe that all men should be armed who remain in the county, and any man not worthy of such confidence ought to be killed. He is not fit to live anywhere. I am aware that Russell should not be troubled. I will block his wheels at department and provost-marshal headquarters. I have no confidence in such shysters. Post me about your local organizations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, January 10, 1865.

Captain T. B. REED,

Glasgow:

Four o'clock in the morning looks like business. Put the villains through. Tell Lieutenant Gannon not to stop day or night until he musters out Bill [Jim?] Jackson's band. Command your troops to the greatest activity.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 10, 1865.

Captain THOMAS B. REED,

Glasgow, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have pursued with much interest the remarkable statement made by Fanny Duff. I suppose she would as soon lie as tell the truth. Her story reads like the truth. You will push your men to the greatest activity in cleaning out these villains. Scout at night, and return to the same places which you may have passed before morning. Dig out and kill the murdering vagabonds. Give every citizen, man or woman, to understand that their whole duty will be required of them. Burn out completely every man that harbored, feeds, or conceals, bushwhackers. Make your presence felt through the sub-district. I am told there is a great laxity of discipline among the troops at Fayette; correct it at once. Shut every grogshop in the three counties. Let no dram selling be permitted by anybody without permission from me. Report progress.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, January 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Have forty men in Hold County, including secret spies and scouts. Affairs in very bad condition. Expect to go through that section some time ext week myself. Am starting to build a stockade here this week. Material very scarce. Rumors of bushwhackers in lower part of this county.

JOHN PINGER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.

