
MACON, January 10, 1865.

Colonel PINGER,

Saint Joseph:

You must take hold of the Hold County troubles without delay. The civil authorities must co-operate.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF CHILICOTHE,Chilicothe, Mo., January 10, 1865.

General CLINTON B. FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to return herewith the report of Major Deagle of the surrender of Carrollton, with the testimony of the finding and identification of the bodies of the six men killed, as referred to in the report. In connection with the return of this report I respectfully ask that the following action be taken in respect to the Enrolled Missouri Militia of Carroll, who are encumbered by the parole of the enemy: First, that an order be made either that the parole is illegal and void or that they have been exchanged, as the facts of the case warrant; and, second, that Major Deagle be relieved from active service. I would also ask that the company of Carroll County Provisional Militia, under the command of Captain Daniel Hoover, except the captain and fifty of his men, be relieved from active service. Many of this company are aged men who went into the service in the emergency at my solicitation, and were promised to be relieved in sixty days, which have expired.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 10, 1865.

Colonel W. M. ALBIN,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your valued favor of the 5th instant and pursued it with interest. Military law, I fear, will have to be supreme in Missouri for a long time to come. We cannot yet permit its removal and feel safe. As to the removal of my headquarters to Saint Joseph, I assure you it would personally be pleasant. It is quite to one side, however, for so large a district. I shall at once make it a subject of correspondence with my department commander. Changes may be made that will make Saint Joseph central to a district. Your city being the second in importance in the State should have a first-class military headquarters there located during the war. I will place the fact before General Dodge at once.

Thanking your for many kind words, I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

