HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 10, 1865.

Major SAMUEL A. GARTH,

Commanding Sub-District of Howard, Glasgow, Mo.:

MAJOR: You have this day been assigned to the command of the Sub-District of Howard, constituted of the counties of Chariton, Randolph, and Howard, headquarters at Glasgow. The command is the most important subordinate command in the Department of the Missouri, and will require on the part of yourself and troops great activity and determination. Jackson and his desperadoes travel over the entire sub-district. Murders are frequent, and a general feeling of insecurity pervades the people. We must during the winter and spring kill these disturbers of the peace, and in your sub-district I trust the work will begin at once and continue until the last imp expires. Uphold loyalty, discourage treason in all possible ways; make it safe for a Union man to abide anywhere within the limits of your command; maintain the best of discipline in all your command. Permit no loafing and lounging around hotels, stores, depots, and saloons; prohibit the sale of liquors in your sub-district, and punish every offender by the total destruction of his liquors and a fine of &amp;25. Unauthorized depredations and pillaging will not be tolerated, and all stock, forage, and subsistence taken from loyal people must be fully accounted for, as prescribed in existing orders and regulations. Your troops must be advised that any depredations committed foraging-and no matter upon whom committed, except by command of a competent officer-upon whom committed, except by command of a competent officer-are illegal, and officers will be held strictly responsible for the acts of their men. And it is the duty of all officers and soldiers to pay proper respect to civil law, not to interfere with its executives and, when necessary, to aid in upholding it. You will make a tri-monthly report to these headquarters of the operations of the troops in your sub-district, embracing fights, scouts, &c., giving the localities where your troops have operated and the number of miles traveled. Move your forces through suspected localities quietly at night and back again over the same ground before daylight. Hesitate not to burn down every house where it can be demonstrated that the occupants harbor and conceal the murdering fiends. Do it by an order and destroy everything on the premises. Deal summarily with the parties who harbor and conceal. They are equally guilty with the bushwhacker and must share his fate. I shall hope to receive a good report from the Sub-District of Howard.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., January 10, 1865.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding First Missouri State Militia Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday a small detachment of my company, under command of Corporal Lauchndr, ran onto two bushwhackers on the Sni, about seven miles southwest of Lexington. One of them was the notorious Mart Rider. They captured both of their horses, and supposed wounded Rider, and his overcoat, which he threw in running through the brush, had a bullet hole in it. The horses are both badly wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MEREDITH,

Captain, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Station.

