
GLASGOW, January 11, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Lieutenant Gannon has returned. Run Jim Jackson out of his boots. Followed him eleven miles south of Fayette. Stopped at dark and went to Fayette. Lieutenant Williams with thirteen men started on his trial this morning. Jackson has been wounded in both thighs. Left his boots at the house where Gannon first came up with him. Lieutenant thinks he cannot ride all night, and wherever he stops he will be compelled to remain. Robinson had six revolvers. Had emptied two when he was shot through the head.

THOS. B. REED,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., January 11, 1865.

Captain COLBERT,

Commanding at Columbia, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the general commanding to say that information received by him warrants the belief that much of the disturbance in Boone County is caused by the unrestricted ale of liquors. It is the direction of the general commanding that you case every dram and whisky shop in the county to be closed and the sale of liquors entirely prohibited, except for medicinal purposes, and that under such regulations and restrictions as may be by you thought best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WAITE,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LEXINGTON, January 11, 1865.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

We have just had a fight with bushwhackers near town. There seems to be a consolidated force said to be commanded by Jackson. Send me some ammunition, as we are nearly out.

WM. MEREDITH,

Captain, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 11, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Statements from respectable sources have been received here that the conduct of Colonel Covington's command toward the friendly Indians has been a series of outrages calculated to make them all hostile. You will inquire into and report on this matter, and will take measures to have preserved and accounted for all plunder taken from the Indians at Fort Lyon and other places.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

