
Infantry, on board of gun-boat 41 and the steamer Carrie, supplied with five days' rations and eighty rounds of ammunition, on the night of the 15th, at 8 o'clock. At 1 a. m. on the 16th we left Brashear City, La., and proceeded up Bayou Teche into Grand Lake, arriving at Constitution Bayou at 10. 15 a. m. From Constitution Bayou to Round Lake and from Round Lake to Bayou L'Embarras, arriving at Captain King's plantation, of the C. S. Army, at 2 p. m. I landed my troops here and found about 700 pounds of sugar. I loaded this on the steamer Carrie. At this point I captured Captain D. E. Grove, of Grove's battery, and Privates Robert Wilson and Charles Harris, of Grove's battery. At 3. 20 p. m. I embarked all my troops and proceeded up the bayou. At 5 p. m. I anchored in the stream. At 6. 15 a. m. on the 17th we got under way and proceeded up Bayou L'Embarras into Little Devil Bayou, arriving at Grand River at 8 a. m. I then steamed down Grand River to Hart's house. I here landed and found that Hart had run to the swamps. At this place I found 600 cigars and 11 pairs of misses' gaiters belonging to a man by the name of Gallahan, which I brought to Brashear City and turned over to post quartermaster, as per receipts inclosed. I then proceeded down to Lee's plantation, arriving at 9. 30 a. m., and took the said Lee a prisoner. I captured at this point about 1,300 pounds of sugar, which I turned in, as per receipts inclosed. At the house I found 1 large rifle and 2 pistols, and about 8 pounds of powder, all of which I destroyed. I then returned to Offutt's Mill, landed and took on about 10,000 feet of lumber, which I turned over, as per receipts. At 11. 30 a. m. I steamed up Grand River to Whisky Bayou, arriving at the head of Whisky Bayou at 1. 30 p. m. At this point I lowered away three boats, loaded with armed men, and sent them up a bayou about two miles, to a place where there had been a steam-boat hid. At 3. 30 p. m. they arrived back at the boats. We then headed down to Lake Mangoula and anchored for the night at 5 p. m. On the morning of the 18th, at 6. 30, I started down Bayou Chene. At the plantation of Captain Olivier I took eleven refugees on board; at the mouth of Bayou Sorrel I took on board seven more, making a total of eighteen. I then steamed down through Bayou Chene into Lake Chico; from Lake Chico out through Chico Pass into Fausse Pointe Lake; then down through Grand Lake to Brashear City, where I arrived at 6 p. m. on January 18, 1865. At King's plantation I took on board two negroes. I also picked up a negro in Bayou Sorrel, who had a pass from Captain King, of the C. S. Army; brought him to Brashear City. Inclosed are receipts for property taken while on expedition on Gran River. I heard of several parties of Confederate soldiers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUTHER T. PARK,

Captain Company A, Eleventh Wisconsin Infty., Commanding Expedition.

Colonel C. L. HARRIS,

Commanding Post, Brashear City, La.

The above letter was forwarded to Captain Speed, assistant adjutant-general, Defenses of New Orleans, with receipts from Captain Upham, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, for 2,000 pounds of sugar and a receipt from Lieutenant Mayers, acting assistant quartermaster at Brashear City, for 600 cigars, 11 pairs of misses' gaiters, and 10,000 feet of lumber inclosed.

4 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

