
and houses; driven off stage stock, so that the Overland line is now in their hands, and all mail communicating by that route is shut off, and here I am without a man to throw on either track, or even to defend the ranches with. Kit Carson has been whipped in the south by the Indians and news reached me last evening that an organization of Texans and Indians is being perfected to strike New Mexico or Colorado. A few days ago the trains were attacked between Forts Larned and Lyon by Indians, and farther on the trail was so large going north that the force is estimated at not less than 6,000 men. All this I have to contend with, and submit to the howl and sneer of parties who cannot believe but that I ought to start after the savages with nothing more than my headquarters outfit. I am raising an irregular force, who volunteer for the occasion and until troops can be sent for our relief; and in this I am embarrassed by the ordnance department, Captain McNutt having sometime previous instructed the ordnance officer here not to issue any arms or accouterments expect on a proper requisition, and that the order of the district commander would not do in the premises. I have to-day telegraphed to the general on the subject. These irregular troops will not serve under any other officer but their own, and they are not mustered. Arms and accouterments I must have, all orders to the contrary notwithstanding, or I must yield the command to some one else, for I cannot stand by and see my fellow-men murdered before my eyes by red savages and not make an effort for humanity's sake and from what I consider my duty and at the same time be held responsible, so far as pubic feeling is concerned, for the security of this country. As you are aware, all supplies for this country must come from the Missouri River, and unless troops are sent to protect the train there is only one way to save the people from starvation, viz, to abandon the country, which is the mine of wealth of the United States. Eminent and responsible men have invested large sums in this section of the country. By my suggestion Governor Evans, now in Washington, has been telegraphed to for the purpose of obtaining authority to raise another regiment of cavalry for one year. This could be done in two months, and one half in thirty days; but we have no horses to mount them on. Of the 1,000 horses purchased for the 100-days' regiment, only about 400 have been turned in to the quartermaster, and they are all unserviceable for the present. Out of the 600 ponies reported captured at Sand Creek by Colonel Covington, only about 100 have been turned in to Government, and not one of them is fit, or will be, to ride. Such is the condition of affairs and such are the difficulties I have to contend against. I labor in this office from morning till all hours of the night endeavoring to straighten matters up, and in addition I am harassed from the outside by these Indians difficulties which, although occurring outside of my district, yet are in the Territory of Colorado, and fall on my shoulders. These things are not right, and I make this statement that the general commanding may have a thorough knowledge of affairs and my position. If I can get sufficient force of cavalry to guard the line of communication until spring opens, and in the meantime you rush out carbines, pistols, ammunition, and horses to fit out a new regiment, I trust matters will still go all right. I dislike very much troubling the general with these things, but I am afraid the department does not thoroughly understand my position; isolated from all support, yet bund down by rules and regulations governing commanders with everything at their call. I sincerely trust something will be done immediately for the protection of this country and relief of suffering humanity. I have sent the medi-

