
cal director up to Valley Station with escort to examine into the condition of wounded men, women, and children, and administer to their wants.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 12, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under the second section of the law of July 2 and the Treasury Regulations in relation to freedman of July 29, 1864, I have endeavored to relieve the army of the embarrassment of providing for the freedmen who are not enlisted or employed in the military service. This I designed to do gradually, so as not to embarrass the Treasury Department by a sudden transfer or work any injury to the freedman. According, after being advised (see Document A) that the Treasury Department was prepared to receive them, the freedman in this department were transferred by the department commander to the supervising special agent for this district. I learn now by a letter (Document B) from the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury that non only the transfer, but apparently also the law of July 2 and the regulations of July 29, are repudiated by the Treasury Department. The care and support of these people is a serious embarrassment to the army and a heavy charge upon its appropriations. Its efficiency is greatly emasculated by its complications with this and other questions of civil administration, and in this instance the only funds legitimately available are those indicated by the act of Congress. I have no disposition to thrust any responsibility upon other departments, but I do desire to rid the army of everything that impairs its efficiency. The care and welfare of these people has been a source of constant anxiety, and I was greatly relieved by the belief that the responsibility for it had been fixed by law. If the Treasury Department assumes this responsibility I think that I may give the assurance that the officers of the army in this command will give its agents every possible assistance. If it is to devolve upon War Department, some means should be provided for defraying the necessary expenses. In the meantime the condition of these people is deplorable, and whatever is done should be done quickly.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

A.

OFFICE SUPERVISING SPECIAL AGENT, TREASURY DEPARTMENT, THIRD AGENCY,

New Orleans, October 26, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am now prepared to take charge of the freedmen in this department under the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury of July 29. I beg, leave, therefore, respectfully to request you to direct by

