
an appropriate order those now having charge of the freedman and heretofore acting under military authority to report to me. That the property of all kinds under their charge be inventoried and turned over to me, and all unexpended fund derived from the labor of freedman be paid into my hands. It is understood that all unexpired contracts or arrangements made by the military agents will be recognized and completed in good faith by me on the part of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. FLANDERS,

Supervising Special Agent, Treasury, Department.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

B.

OFFICE SUPERVISING SPECIAL AGENT, TREASURY DEPARTMENT, THIRD AGENCY,

New Orleans, January 6, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I inclose copy of Assistant Secretary Harrington's letter relating to freedman. I beg leave to state that I am expecting by the next steamer from New York the return of two gentlemen who went to Washington at my request to represent the condition of matters here in relation to the freedman and to obtain from the Secretary of the Treasury definite instructions tome on the subject of their management as prescribed in the regulations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. FLANDERS,

Supervising Special Agent, Treasury Department.

[Sub-inclosure.]

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

November 26, 1864.

B. F. FLANDERS,

Supervising Special Agent, Treasury department:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of October 28. You state that you believe the rate of wages of the freedman to be improperly fixed, and suggest that the supervising special agent, with the advice and approval of the department commander, be authorized to fix the rate of wages and also the classification of freedmen in the respective military departments. The Treasury Department has not yet assumed charge of the freedman. When it does so your suggestions will receive consideration.

Respectfully,

GEO. HARRINGTON,

Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., January 12, 1865. (Received 9 p. m. 17th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to request that Major General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, may be ordered to report to me for duty in this

