
ernment were arranging to return deserters to the rebel authorities. During the last two days there has been a stampede among the very large number of these persons now on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande. As near as I can learn some forty to sixty have been arrested by the Mexican authorities at Matamoras and delivered to General Slaughter. I have not been able to hear from the U. S. consul at Matamoras for some days. If I had horses to draw the light artillery on the island I could easily drive Slaughter out of Brownsville. I have been over and felt of him sufficiently to satisfy me that he does not intend to fight incase we should advance. But it could not be held with the means of this command, and no material damage could be inflicted on him without a cavalry force. No permanent relief can be given these destitute people without occupying and controlling the valley of the Rio Grande, which, of course, can best be done by going in from Matagorda Bay and occupying San Antonio, which is the key to this whole valley and frontier. These facts are stated fro the information and consideration of the major-general commanding Department of the Gulf. I have no doubt of the fact that deserters are being delivered on the claim of the rebel authorities. I shall learn more in a day or two in relation to the matter, and will report further. I shall be glad to receive any instructions or orders deemed necessary, if any, in the case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 11. Little Rock, Ark., January 12, 1865.

1. In pursuance of special order from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, the office of chief of cavalry of this department is hereby discontinued.

2. Brigadier General J. R. West is hereby reassigned to the command of the Cavalry Division of the Seventh Army Corps.

* * * * *

9. Colonel J. K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry, will proceed to New Orleans, La., to confer with the commander of the military division in reference to certain matters pertaining to the cavalry arm. having transacted this business, Colonel Mizner will return to his command at Brownsville, Ark., unless otherwise ordered from headquarters military division.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,January 12, 1865.

Captain A. J. FITCH,

57th U. S. Colored Infty., Commanding Detach. on board Steamer Ella:

You are sent out board for a double purpose, that four guarding and fatigue duty. You will immediately on going on board divide your

