
command into two equal platoons, each under a subaltern, and quarter them on opposite sides of the boat, with instructions that they will not leave the quarters assigned them without your permission. You will establish a suitable guard, having a sentinel one each side as well as the bow and stern of the boat, and keep the men at all times ready for duty. If fired upon from the River-bank you will use very precaution and effort to avoid confusion, and promptly return the fire without landing, unless the fire is from artillery. In that case, if the River-banks favor the movement, run the boat direct for the bank, and, landing under cover, assault, capture, and bring off the guns. The captain has written instructions to proceed to Augusta and report to Colonel Geiger. After landing his stores he will return to this place. On the return trip he will stop at Des Arc and take on a mill, under the direction of yourself and Mr. J. B. Coffee, who represents Captain Wendell, assistant quartermaster, for whom the mill is taken on Government account. On landing at Des Arc you will at once deploy about half your men as skirmishers, encircling the property to be removed at such a distance as to make it safe for the working party. The rest of your men will be employed in removing the mill and such lumber as Mr. Coffee may direct. You will allow none of your men to pass outside of the skirmish line, and no citizen to pass inside of it. You must not allow your en to forget that they are soldiers and liable for offenses, whether in camp or absent on duty; that under no circumstance will marauding and pillaging be allowed. You are ordered to take four days' rations, and unless you are detained beyond the time no provisions of whatever kind will be allowed to be brought on board of your boat. You will not allow your men to land except it be imperatively necessary, and then only under your orders. For their conduct under such circumstances you will be held responsible. On arriving back you will report to these headquarters before marching your men to camp.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,January 12, 1865-11. 25 a. m.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

Get word through to General Thayer as soon as possible that he will reoccupy Fort Smith. Steamers leave to-day with supplies for him. The colored troops will come to Little Rock.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,January 12, 1865-2 p. m.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg, Ark.:

A section of artillery will leave here to-morrow for Lewisburg.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

