
LEWISBURG, January 12, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Little Rock:

GENERAL: I have sent express through to General Thayer with your instructions for him to reoccupy Fort Smith. To-night I will send 100 dismounted men on steamer Alamo to land above the mouth of the Petit Jean. If a landing can be effected safely will ferry from south bank of River twenty-five cavalry for the purpose of getting foothold to operate against the rebels in vicinity of Dardanelle and open way for boats to Fort Smith. I sent down yesterday, on steamer Chippewa, dispatches for you from General Thayer; also the messenger. Last heard from Newton and Brooks they were south of Petit Jean, near Rocky Crossing Bridge.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

LEWISBURG, January 12, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

Captain H. T. NOBLE,

Assistant Quartermaster, Little Rock:

River on a stand. Rebs above are quite lively. To-night I send expedition to south side of River toward Dardanelle. This, with the troops on the boats, will be able to clean them out, I think.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., January 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The following dispatch has just been received. *

I respectfully request that boats be sent up as soon as possible, if not already sent, with commissaries, forage, medical stores, and clothing especially pants and shoes. The River is very high. I have sent troops to Clarksville. I sent you two dispatches on the 9th instant. My subsistence will be expended by the 25th instant.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, January 12, 1865. (Received 12. 05 p. m. 14th.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram relating to putting railroad employees in militia organizations was received on 7th instant. The whole subject has received investigation, and Brigadier General J. C. Veatch report that all railroad employees have been organized in a separate battalion and required to do duty only in case of special danger. Your orders have been fully complied with.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Halleck to commanding officer Fort Smith, January 10, p. 473.

---------------

32 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

