
have been exposed in consequence of the disaffection of various tribes along the route. I was so solicitous in relation to this subject that I did not hesitate to recommend in my last annual report that the Indian agency at the Upper Platte be abolished, and the Indians be admonished that they would no longer be permitted to remain in that portion of the country. In this connection, representations have been made to the Department that General Connor, commanding the military department, headquarters at Salt Lake City, proposes, if it meet the approbation of the War Department, to extend his lines eastwardly to the Little Blue, and along the proposed route of the Union Pacific Railroad, and gives assurance that he can and will protect it against any hostile Indian force that may attempt to interfere with parties engaged in the work upon the road, or with emigrants or citizens crossing the plains and I respectfully suggest, if it meet the approval of the War Department, that such orders may be issued to the proper officers as will effect the object contemplated by extending adequate military protection over the entire line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. USHER,

Secretary.

POTOSI, MO., January 12, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have had n complaints from the citizens of Caledonia yet, but I think the troops had better be sent to Webster, as Lieutenant Waddle is scouting in that country every day.

W. MORAN,

First Lieutenant Company E, Fifth Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 12, 1865-1. 35 p. m.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Rolla, Mo.:

I think it would be well to send a strong scouting party into Dent, Texas, Shannon, and the counties where Freeman's men are and give them no peace. While they are idle we should be after them.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,January 12, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

There are two scouting parties now in Texas County, and Captain Whybark is still scouting Dent and Shannon.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding.

