
JANUARY 16-22, 1865. -Operations about Waynesville, Mo., including skirmish near McCourtney's Mills, on Big Piney.

Report of Captain Richard Murphy, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding Post of Waynesville.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF WAYNESVILLE,Waynesville, January 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of scouts, marches, &amp;c., for the week ending January 22, 1865:

January 18, Sergeant Hickman, Company H, Fifth Missouri State Militia, returned with the train from Rolla, having traveled sixty miles. January 19, Lieutenant Bates returned from scout reported last week. He came upon a camp of three guerrillas a short distance above McCourtney's Mills, on Big Piney, two of whom, after some sharp firing, he killed, leaving the third, as he supposed, mortally wounded. I have learned since that he is not mortally wounded, but is likely to recover, and I have sent out a squad to bring him in to this post. The names of the men killed were McCourtney and Anthony, and of the one wounded, Bradford, and not "Stephens," as reported by telegraph. Upon reliable information of another camp of guerrillas in the vicinity of Spillman's Mill, on Big Piney, I sent Lieutenant Bates immediately upon his return on a scout to that place. The scout was composed of twelve men. They have not yet returned. January 20, Sergeant Clawson returned from scout up Roubideaux. He traveled 100 miles; met with no success. Upon information of guerrillas near Rocktown, I sent a scout of a sergeant and ten men to that vicinity, who have not yet returned. January 21, Captain James Quinn with ten [men] started to Rolla as escort to Waynesville train. Not yet returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla, Mo.

JANUARY 18-19, 1865. -Expedition from Napoleonville to Grand River, La.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

No. 2. -Colonel Willard Saylers, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

No. 3. -Captain Orin A. Avery, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche. DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE Thibodeaux, La., January 25, 1865.

Inclosed I hand you the report of an expedition made from Napoleonville in pursuit of some Confederates known to be loitering and recruiting in the neighborhood of Grand River. They were not found,

