
bring them to terms. Their bands are more united, perhaps, at this time than during the summer; but this results from necessities and surroundings. They are in a destitute condition, and must at this season of the year resort to desperate measures to procure horses and provisions. Hence, we seen a continual effort to overpower our little posts or our trains and stages. Their lodges are now between the Arkansas and the Plattee, and they shift their assaults so as to attack to the best advantage. I am collecting and arranging troops near Fort Riley, but need more force to make another effort to destroy them. I will be glad to save the few honest and kindly disposed, and protest against the slaughter of women and children; although since General Harney's attack of the Sioux, many years ago at Ash Hollow, the popular cry of settlers and soldiers on the frontier favors and indiscriminate slaughter, which is very difficult to restrain. I abhor the style, but so it goes from Minnesota to Texas. I fear that Colonel Covington's assault at Sand Creek was upon Indians who had received some encouragement to camp in that vicinity under some erroneous supposition of the commanding officer at Lyon, that he could make a sort of "city of refuge" at such a point. However wrong that may have been, it should have been respected, and any violation of known arrangements of that sort should be severely rebuked. But there is no doubt a portion of the tribes assembled were occupied in making assault on our stages and trains, and the tribes well know that we have to hold the whole community responsible for acts that they could restrain if they would properly exert their efforts in that way. It is almost impossible to try officers in my command if they have a high rank, my troops all being widely scattered and much employed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, January 12, 1865.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

COLONEL: An order has been issued for the detachment of Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers at Fort Zarah to report here. This must be attended to at once, and you will see that transportation is furnished, and if Captain Conkey shall be relieved here some proper officer put in charge of them.

Yours, truly,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, January 12, 1865.

Governor JOHN EVANS,

Washington, D. C.:

GOVERNOR: Your dispatch saying you return immediately to Washington was duly received. The Indian demonstration continue march as they have done. The fight at Julesburg displayed a larger war party than usual, and seems to be a daring thing at this season of

