
winter, since Julesburg is far out an a vacant prairie. But no doubt this is a swarm from the hive of lodges on the headwaters of streams between the Platte and the Arkansas, which hive ought to be attacked with a strong force as soon as possible. I have no news of additional forces to aid me, but have sent the Second Colorado and Eleventh Kansas out to Riley and beyond, with a view of movement against the Indians; but I need more troops on the Overland route, and hope you will urge the bringing down of troops from General Sully's command, where there is no mail route and no settlements to defend. You better see General Halleck, who informs me that he has referred my papers concerning an Indian campaign to Lieutenant-General Grant. I have also just received a letter from him directing me to investigate Colonel Covington's conduct, which he says is reported as being calculated to bring down all the Indians on us. This presumes that harsh treatment may exasperate new tribes. However much Covington may have erred, his severity would make no new foes, but rather reduce numbers and frighten what we have. I have written General Halleck to this effect. There can be nothing gained by excusing Indian atrocities in any way, for all these prairie tribes are about as bad as they dare to be. Terrible and shocking blows are necessary to quell the rascals, and we may always expect our troops to be guilty of indiscretions. I abominate the extermination of women and children; but these latter years such conduct has received so much applause that in Minnesota a premium has been given for scalps, and in General Sully's recent campaign one officer reports his success in this line of extermination by throwing out crackers by the way impregnated with strychnine for poisoning his pursuing enemy. What I fear, however, is that the attack of Blunt, and more recently that of Colonel Covington, may have been a kind of betrayal, accidental or otherwise, of a confidence which had improperly been given to the Indians by the officer commanding at Fort Lyon in his efforts to negotiate matters for the Indians with you. You know how anxious traders must be to have the Indians is some sort of convenient access, and no doubt they are down on Covington and all others who frustrate their schemes. I suppose, too, that district attorney who seems anxious to keep up a fuss with the military of Colorado is also sending forward his appeals for his sort of adjustment of the wrongs of rebels and savages. I hope that you will explain that Covington is out of the service, and a clamor about his military conduct has considerable to do with his political operations, which are no doubt likely to interfere with other men's hopes in this regard. However this may be, you see the danger of circulating excuses for Indian atrocities. It will cripple our efforts to get troops to fight and delay the payment of militia, who may have to turn out to defend their wives and little ones. You must also explain that, although my returns show a considerable force in my department, most of my troops are going out of service or being discomposed by reason of expiration of time. Such is the case with all your Colorado regiments, and also the Ohio, Nebraska, and Iowa regiments in this department. The Third Wisconsin is ordered away, so my forces are really being reduced and rendered peculiarly inefficient.

I am, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

