HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 12, 1865.

Honorable Edwin M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Herewith please find the annual message of the governor of this Territory, in which he discusses at length the policy of keeping the Navajoes upon the reservation at the Bosque Redondo. A factious opposition to this measure, intended to operate upon the legislature with the purpose of having that body memorialize Congress to have the Navajoes removed to some to other point than the one selected for them, induced me to give my views to the people on this point so vital to the interests of this Territory and Arizona. As these views should be known to yourself, I inclose a copy of the paper containing them for your information. I hope you will have time to look them over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Numbers 1. Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 12, 1865.

* * * * *

IV. Captain Reuben A. Hill's company (K), of the First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, now on duty at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., if it can be spared from that post, will return without delay to Fort Union, N. Mex., where its services are greatly needed.

V. Company B, Fifth U. S. Infantry, now at Fort Stanton, N. Mex., will without delay proceed to take post at Albuquerque, N. Mex., preparatory to moving with a train of supplies to Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter., which post is at present commanded by the captain of that company.

VI. Company H, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will proceed without delay to where the road from Fort Union, N. Mex., to Fort Sumner, N. Mex., descends the Mesa, near Hatch's Ranch, where it will encamp, and the company will be steadily employed for twenty-two days in repairing the road at that point, so as to make it more passable for wagons. The chief quartermaster will give directions with reference to the tools and necessary articles which the company may need to do this work. The company will take 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

* * * * *

XI. Captain Charles Deus' company (M), First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, now at Fort Bascom, will proceed without delay and take post at Fort Sumner, where it will relieve Captain McCabe's company (L), of the same regiment, if General Crocker can dispense with its services, when this company will proceed to and take post at Fort Bascom.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Aide-de-Camp.

