
quartermaster in Saint Louis nor of the troops to whom he is sending forage. If an absolute necessity exists for seizing railroad trains in Illinois it can be done through proper application of the quartermaster in Saint Louis to Major-General Hooker, commanding Northern Department, or the district commander in Illinois. I do not quite understand what connection there can be between yourself and the quartermaster in Saint Louis in relation to sending forage to Cairo, nor does it seem to me that seizing trains in either the quickest or easiest method of transporting supplies. There is no doubt that a railroad company can, under its proper officers, get forward supplies more safely and faster than can be done by military officers seizing cars and roads and undertaking to do its themselves. You will please, therefore, seize neither railroads nor cars beyond the limits of your command nor for the supply of troops outside of this department without authority from these headquarters. Any requisitions made upon you for such purposes by quartermasters or other officers not under your own immediate command you will please refer to these headquarters for action. If orders are sent you to seize trains, &amp;c., by authority superior to that of this department, you will notify these headquarters by telegraph.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR LETTER.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., January 13, 1865.

Major General W. F. SMITH,

Special Commissioner, &c., New Orleans:

Major General W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, having been appointed by Executive order, dated December 10, 1864, and by War Department order, dated December 12, 1864, a special commissioner to inspect and report upon the condition of affairs in the Military Division of West Mississippi, all officers within the limits of this command are hereby directed to furnish to General Smith or any of the following-named officers of his staff, whenever ordered by him to perform special inspections, every facility required for that purpose, and all pickets, guards, and patrols will pass further orders: Lieutenant Colonel N. Bowen, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. J. Van Horn, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Captain G. W. Dresser, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant E. A. Duer, aide-de-camp.

By order of Major-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel N. Bowen, Captain J. J. Van Horn, Bvt. Captain G. W. Dresser, and Lieutenant E. A. Duer.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 13th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant Milton J. Roberts, headquarters District of

