
West Florida, Barrancas, December 30, 1864, and January 6, 1865 - Miss Conway left Blakely, Ala., December 25, 1864. Four miles east of Perdido Mills at that time were three regiments of infantry and two battalions of cavalry, with one piece of artillery. They had three pontoon bridges. General Idell [Lidell] was in command. They were expecting three battalions of cavalry that afternoon. It was rumored in the rebel camp that it was intended to attack Barrancas and capture the deserters (First Florida Cavalry), obtain provisions, and destroy the negro troops. A colored man who came within our lines on the 4th instant from Blakely, Ala., reports 2,000 infantry and 100 cavalry at that place, commanded by General Idell [Lidell].

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 13. New Orleans, January 13, 1865.

1. To carry out the provisions of extract 7 of Special Orders, Numbers 12, current series, from the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, Company E, First Texas Cavalry (late General Hamilton's body guard), is relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans and will without delay proceed to Baton Rouge, La., and will be reported to Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, commanding the Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. The First Company Pontoniers, having completed the service to which it was assigned by extract 4 of Special orders, Numbers 314, series of 1864, from these headquarters, will be reported to the acting chief engineer of the department.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,

First Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,Numbers 11. New Orleans, January 13, 1865.

1. The detachments of Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry and Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Street, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 5, current series, from headquarters District of West Florida and South Alabama, will take post as follows: Companies F and K, Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, at Chalmette; Company H, Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, and the companies of the Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery will resume their former stations.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

