
LEWISBURG, January 13, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

GENERAL: The expedition for south side of River left here at 10 o'clock last night and would land above the Petit Jean between 3 and 4 this a. m. Last night received dispatches from Captain Hamilton, at Norristown. He reports the enemy in force at Boggs' Mill and Rocky Crossing, on the Petit Jean, with patrol to Dardanelle. With the exception of two companies of guerrillas between Dover and mouth of Piney, there is no force of the enemy on north side of River. This a. m. sent Lieutenant Winslow with ten men to meet two independent companies near Russellville to go through to the Piney to break up three flats reported secreted there to be used crossing the River, and clear the guerrillas from River at that point. With Lieutenant Winslow sent duplicate of your dispatch to General Thayer to deliver to Colonel Judson. I sent request to the latter to cross to south side of River two regiments of infantry and section of artillery and meet me at Dardanelle. Will try and get steamer through for him to cross. River at a stand. Train of 100 wagons was to leave Fort Smith on the 10th instant.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 13, 1865.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

Telegram received. Dispositions approved. Continue to communicate freely.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

I have good information that Hood's headquarters are at Columbus, Miss. He has furloughed most of his men till the 25th or 30th of this month. Forrest is at Tupelo, and has furloughed his West Tennesseeans and Mississippians, to enable them to trade in cotton and procure supplies. These commanders were forced to these measures in order supplies. These commanders were forced to these measures in order to feed their troops, owing to the destruction of their communications.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

JANUARY 13, 1865. - For Dana to George H. Thomas, in regard to operations of Hood's army, see Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 585.]

