
but I have from other sources what I believe to be correct information that they and others were in the neighborhood, and had a picket at Grand Bayou when our forces arrived there. The picket immediately notified the whole country and they escaped. The horses of the regiment (the Third Rhode Island Cavalry) are in such bad condition as to make them almost, if not quite, unserviceable for the kind of country we have to operate in. The killing of Lieutenant Clapp was very unfortunate, indeed, but I cannot see that his men were to blame.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Willard Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Post Napoleonville, La., January 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to your order dated 16th January, 1865, and telegram of January 17, 1865, I sent Captain O. A. Avery, of this regiment, with about ninety men to Bayou Pierre Pass, and on arriving there and searching the house indicated nothing could be seen or heard of the parties they were in search of. The expedition resulted in the loss of twenty horses, three of which were drowned crossing the bayou and the remainder were used up. The death of First Lieutenant A. Clapp was occasioned by the following circumstances: He, with a party of four men, surrounded a house, and Lieutenant Clapp gave the corporal in charge of the party orders that if any one attempted to run out of the house after he entered to halt them twice, and if they did not halt to fire upon them. He entered the house, and while inside some one shot at a dog outside (supposed to be one of the guides), and Lieutenant Clapp rushed out of the house to see what the firing was and it being very dark and the guard, not able to distinguish, halted him three times, and as he did not halt the guard fired, resulting in the death of the lieutenant. No blame can be attached to the guard, as he simply obeyed orders, and there is no doubt that from the clamor and noise made by the dogs that the lieutenant did not hear the order to halt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SAYLES,

Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 21, 1865

Respectfully returned.

You will cause the officer who was in command of the expedition to make out a full report of all the incidents connected with his scout. He will also make a statement as to how his horses were used up and

