
is to the United States - its great commercial and financial center, feeding and clothing the rebellion, arming and equipping, furnishing it materials of war and a specie basis of circulation in Texas that has almost entirely displaced Confederate paper. But it is not alone the trans-Mississippi. The entire Confederate Government is greatly sustained by resources from this post. In regard to feeling to Mexican citizens and soldiers, they are, for the time being, simulated toward and in favor of the French. But they are, to a man, at heart bitterly opposed to the French, and I am under the impression that by judicious manipulation, and could they be properly approached, they would, in opposition to foreign intervention, rally under the Stars and Stripes. I shall any time be glad to give you collected facts in regard to it further.

Yours, in haste,

S. S. BROWN.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 14th day of January, 1865: A report from Major George Webster, Pass Manchac, La., January 12, 1865 - Refugees give information that Rob Hunter with fifty of sixty men is on the Amite River. At Mandeville, on Lake Pontchartrain, Captain Robinson, of Colonel Scott's command, is stationed. Lieutenant Brinsmaid is there as conscription agent. An agent of the Confederate States visits that place or Madisonville occasionally to purchase clothing, &amp;c., for that Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 22. Washington, January 14, 1865.

43. Surg. Henry Buckmaster, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as medical director, Department of Kansas, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, for assignment to duty.

44. Surg. S. B. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as medical director, Department of Kansas, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas.

* * * * *

53. Brigadier General A. L. Lee, U. S. Volunteers, having complied with telegraphic orders of the 7th instant, confirmed in Special Orders, Numbers 17, January 11, 1865, from this office, will proceed without delay to join his proper command in the Department of the Gulf.

* * * * *

33 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

