
Cavalry Camp of Instruction or elsewhere under your control for organization and discipline. I am also satisfied that the post at Plaquemine should be broken up. If necessary to keep a garrison in that neighborhood I think it should be at Bayou Goula. It is General Canby's desire to cut the posts down in number and garrison and add all possible to the movable force. Let me know what points you consider most important to be held by garrison with works for cover; what regiments can in this way best be concentrated and prepared for field duty.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

JOS. HIBBERT, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,Numbers 12. New Orleans, January 14, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Street, Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, will relieve Captain Robinson in the command of the U. S. forces on Lake Pontchartrain.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, January 14, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Armies, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatches from General Thayer received on 12th up to 9th instant. Part of his force was still at Fort Smith, which had not been evacuated. The troops at Clarksville will return, except three regiments of colored troops, which are ordered to Little Rock, where it is proposed to concentrate all the colored troops of the department, except those at Helena. Orders to reoccupy Fort Smith left here on the 11th instant by telegraph to Lewisburg, and thence by carrier. Three steamers have been sent to Fort Smith with supplies. They passed Dardanelle to-day. There is a force of rebels on south side of the River in the vicinity of Dardanelle. Dispositions have been made that it is believed will protect the boats in going up. The Arkansas River is in good boating order at present, and if it continues so supplies will be pushed to Fort order at present, and if it continues so supplies will be pushed to Fort Smith. The garrisons of Fort Smith and dependencies cannot and have not afforded protection to citizens outside the picket-lines, and will not be able to do any more hereafter. In future operations expected of this department it is respectfully suggested that the War Department will not count upon these garrisons for anything. They are a dead weight upon this department. The Arkansas River now promises to afford more facilities than it has during the war, and if it continues navigable we will endeavor to throw a year's supply of provisions into Fort Smith. Five thousand animals have died there for want of forage. These posts cannot afford the least protection to Kansas or Missouri. They have been sustained at enormous cost, but will be reoccupied and held.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

(Copy furnished General Canby January 19.)

