
on neglect to do so, after proper time for its prompt settlement, shall forward certified accounts of the property taken to the chief quartermaster or commissary of his department.

VI. No person can be permitted to drive herds of stock through the Indian Nation until an exact description of every head is furnished, including marks, bands, and ages, and evidence that the property is honestly obtained, together with security given in sufficient bond that no cattle shall be taken on the way. Nor can any such heard travel save under the cognizance of a responsible military commander, with rain or other escort and with proper passes. Actual citizens of the Indian Nation only can be permitted to drive their own stock out to market after having made record of the herd at Fort Gibson and obtained permission from the Indian authorities, when he shall receive a pass from the provost-marshal, which must accurately describe each head of stock; and no military commander with this command shall assume to give privileges to buy and sell.

VII. As the commanding officer has been notified not to permit white men to obtain foothold in the country or be in it but when necessarily with the army, all idlers or unauthorized persons are notified to leave at the earliest possible moment, as they can neither be tolerated nor subsisted. Sutlers or legitimate traders can be permitted to introduce one clerk only, for whom they shall be held responsible.

VIII. As the increase of private traders' teams and merchandise has become a serious evil, encumbering and exposing the Government transportation, no dealer, sutler, or trader, no matter what his status, can be permitted to have more than two teams with train and escort for this command. And the attention of provost-marshals and commanders at other posts is respectfully invited to this rule. At such times as it may appear to the commander here in the front that there is no danger, an addition of supplies or necessary articles for soldiers and their families may be allowed upon proper application, but never to exceed at any time five wagons, and that only by special order, which shall be on record. No teams for traders or sutlers not in the nation, which have the privilege of transit under orders from a proper commander, shall be allowed to dispose of any portion of their goods in the nation. No merchandise or supplies of any kind shall be furnished under cover of this command for the families of men in the rebel service or rebel sympathizers. Traders will be held accountable for this, and if there is any violation proven against any trader he shall be forthwith expelled. In addition to the above, traders must advise themselves of, and conform to, general army orders.

IX. Officers, soldiers, and attaches of the army in the Indian Nation are reminded of the fact that their presence with the army is for their army duties, and gives them no other status in the Indian Nation.

X. The acts of Congress forbidding the introduction of liquors will be rigidly enforced. Any person who leaves a Government train en route, except by proper orders, as messengers, shall be arrested and punished. Any teamster with private team found away from the escort shall have his team confiscated. All persons are warned from buying cattle from the Indian Territory of Osages, Delawares, or other Kansas Indians who are employed to go in and steal it, and they, and all other white men found within the limits of the Indian Nation, will be arrested, under the acts of Congress, as intruders. All officers, soldiers, or citizens with the army at Fort Gibson who witness and infraction of the above orders, or trespass on the rights of Indians, and fail promptly to report the same to the provost-marshal, will be considered and treated

