
as accomplices when it shall be proven that they have seen or known of the offense. The hearty co-operation of adjoining commanders is respectfully solicited to aid in putting a stop to evils so nefarious and gigantic.

By order of Colonel William A. Phillips:

WILLIAM GALLAHER,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. 3rd Indian Regiment and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,January 14, 1865-9. 20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The party ordered by the major-general commanding in pursuit of rebels who captured two of our advanced picket-posts this morning has just returned. The officer in command went to White's Station, on the Charleston and Mobile Railroad. Found fifteen rebels there, who escaped owing to the fleetness of their horses. Was told by citizens that from forty to fifty were seen there to-day. They belong to an independent company. The name of the leader he could not ascertain. In all probability they are citizens residing between here and Collierville, and if our pickets will not exercise due precaution they will be captured by detail.

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., January 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a letter from Major General N. B. Forrest, of the rebel army, with copies of his correspondence with Major General L. H. Rousseau, U. S. Volunteers, relative to the exchange of prisoners, received under flag by Major J. P. Strange, assistant adjutant-general on General Forrest's staff, with copy of my reply,* to which I request the attention of the major-general commanding division, and ask instructions. The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Grass, Sixty-first Illinois Volunteers, brought in by major Strange, on parole to exchange himself for Colonel Rucker, of General Forrest's command, as to the treatment received by himself and other Federal prisoners from General Forrest is very gratifying, and I recommend that authority to given me to negotiate for the release of as many of our officers and men held by the rebel authorities in this part of the field as can be arranged for on the terms proposed by General Forrest, as I am satisfied our men will experience much suffering from the total inability of the enemy to provide for their bare necessities, however well disposed any of their leaders may be.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 498.

---------------

