
JEFFERSON CITY, January 14, 1865.

(Received 1. 25 a. m. 15th.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I regret that I did not pay my compliments to you again in person before I left Washington. I preferred sending them by the voice of my people. My proclamation embodying that voice you will please receive as the compliments of free Missouri to a true friend, but prove that by deeds, not words, we signalize our deliverance. I state that which all Missouri is this day celebrating. The legislature is in session and a militia law is perfected which will make us able with but little assistance to conquer and maintain peace in the State.

THOS. C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Free Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 14, 1865.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose the report of Lieutenant Colonel David Murphy, inspector-general Saint Louis District, of the Third Sub-District. Many of the facts stated in this report need prompt attention, and officers who neglect their duty in this way must be arrested and charges preferred or brought before the examining board. The troops will be concentrated. I think the posts of Farmington, Caledonia, and Webster should be abandoned and the forces held on the railroad should be sufficient to protect the important bridges, while all others should be concentrated at Pilot Knob, Bloomfield, Patterson, and Centerville. We cannot, with our present force, protect every town and village. Report what action you take in this matter to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 14, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: For the information of the major-general commanding the department the following extracts from the letter of advice accompanying the monthly inspection report of Lieutenant Colonel David Murphy, inspector, District of Saint Louis, for December, 1864, are submitted:

The Third Sub-District requires a regular overhauling and remodeling. Troops are scattered all over the country is squads of ten, twenty, and thirty men, in every little town and village in the district. All these posts have to be supplied with forage and subsistence from Pilot Knob. The consequence is that the troops are utterly worn down and rendered ineffective, in case their services were required to take the field against an enemy. No obvious reasons exist for this policy. There are no armed bands of guerrillas within the district; no invading army threatening. The only excuse offered by the commanding officer (Colonel Hiller) is, that if these

