
stream rises in the mountains near Santa Fe, having its source in a region of almost perpetual snows, and flowing downward toward the outspreading plains, has its volume increased by several small tributaries, until at this point the depth and width of the stream is very considerable, furnishing an inexhaustible supply of water for irrigation and all necessary purposes. The country to the east and south of this place is a low mesa, extending backward to the Staked Plain Llano Estacado), and southerly as far as the Limpias Mountains. To the north and west the country is open for many miles, and the nearest approach to a settlement is fifty miles distant. The arable land about to be prepared for the reception of grain is all on the east side of the stream (although a considerable number of acres could be planted on the opposite side of the stream should it be deemed necessary), and will compose about 6,000 acres. This is already laid out in a systematic manner, the overseer, Mr. Calloway, directing the progress of the work under the superintendence or orders of the commanding officer. The houses or lodges of the Navajoes are built on the outside of the farms and as convenient as practicable thereto, and the inhabitants are employed daily in removing the roots of trees, repairing and opening acequias, or at anything that may advance the improvements on the reservation. The flocks and herds are tended some distance from the cultivated fields, and graze over a wide range of nutritious game grass. No flocks belonging to citizens of the Territory are grazed near this reservation at present, nor could they ever have taken advantage of the grass before the establishment of this settlement if disposed to do so, as the Comanches of the plains paid frequent visits to and often encamped near this locality. Game is found in abundance some miles from the River and killed by the Indians. Large herds of wild horses run on the Staked Plain, about fifty miles from this, and several warriors who left the reservation with permission to hunt captured a great many of these animals last summer. The cottonwood, hackberry, and trees of a smaller growth line the banks of the Pecos at this place and at various points along the course of the stream. The ground mesquite, whose thick and ligneous roots enter the ground to the distance of six or eight feet, forms a very pleasant article to fuel, burning with a bright flame, with but little smoke. There is an almost unlimited supply of this species of fuel extending over many miles in each direction from the post.

CHARACTER.

As these people are now entering on a new mode of life their former habits are gradually changing, and they seem to accommodate themselves cheerfully to their present existence. In all their relations with the authorities and others on this reservation they appear to be cheerful, contended, and obliging, and when employed, as many of them are, on the public works, they labor faithfully and quite intelligently, and have the reputation of good workmen. As their character is now forming it will doubtless take impressions from example, and I doubt not, if these Indians are fairly treated and honestly dealt with in their intercourse with our people, they will emulate their example and become eventually an honest and moral community. They formerly had a great reputation for bravery and reckless daring, and the troops stationed at Fort Defiance several years ago have borne testimony to many acts of kindness exhibited by members of the tribe to soldiers and others who had wandered off their road and lost their way amid the snows on the Navajo Mountains. Should it ever be deemed necessary

