
to enroll one or more companies of this tribe I am convinced they would render great service as guides, spies, vedettes, &amp;c., and could be used advantageously for the protection of our commerce on the plains against the Comanches, Kiowas, and other wild and hostile tribes. As an evidence of their reliability for such duty, I would respectfully state that in the month of August, 1864, I took the field with fifty mounted volunteer cavalry and a small party of Navajoes on foot. During a rapid pursuit which lasted twenty-two days (sometimes day and night) these Indians kept continually ahead of my column as trailers, and bore up cheerfully against the extraordinary fatigues of the march. I afterward dispatched three of them to Fort Sumner by themselves as expresses, and they arrived there safely, although every facility offered for their escape had they been inclined to act treacherously. No troops that I have ever seen could have sustained the hardship and privations borne by these men, and few could have more faithfully discharged the duties required of them.

INDUSTRY.

They fabricate a strong and durable cloth and elegant blankets of a variety of patterns and brilliant colors, for which purposes the Navajoes value the wool they obtain from their sheep. These fabrics are made in hand looms of simple construction by the women of the tribe. One industrious female can finish a blanket in three weeks, which will wear for ten years, is perfectly waterproof, and will command a price as high as $50 to $200. The garments of the men and women are principally formed from the strong woolen cloth above mentioned, those of the women being often tastefully bordered by a combination of colors representing all the hues of the rainbow. The art of pottery has been known and practiced among them, but at which hey have done but little since their arrival upon this reservation, as they have been supplied to a certain extent with cooking utensils by the Government. I understand, however, that the proper kind of earth for this purpose can be found in this vicinity, and doubt not but they will soon turn their attention tot that branch of industry. There are several men int he tribe who are skilled to a certain extent in blacksmithing, making bridle bits and other articles of horse equipage in a creditable manner. As soon as one or two forges are established on the reservation the ingenuity of these self-taught sons of Culcan will have ample room for development. Unlike many of the nomadic tribes on this continent, these Indians cheerfully engage in agricultural pursuits, and seem to take pleasure in the cultivation of the soil. Last year they all labored hard on the reservation, and for a time the crops promised to repay them well for their perseverance; but the visitation of the cutting or army worm damaged most of the corn before it came to maturity. The present year steps have been taken to plant a large quantity of wheat in addition to the usual amount of corn, sot hat in the event of a failure of the latter crop a sufficient quantity of grain my be raised for their support. Should the corn crop prove successful, as I have every reason to believe it will do, a large surplus can be accumulated, the good results of which will not only be experienced here, but will be felt throughout the Territory. Further steps have been taken to have them well supplied with pumpkin, musk and water melon, and squash seeds, all of the productions of which are peculiarly suited to the Indian taste and to the cultivation of which even the women and children pay great attention. They are also supplied with a species of gourd seed,

