
Names of the principal chiefs: Herra Grande, Gauado Blanco, Barboncito, Delgadito Grande, Delgadito Chiquito, Barbon, El Chino, El Iujador, El Largo, Gauado Mucho.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

FRANCIS McCABE,

Captain, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, January 14, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: From your letter of the 12th in regard to my seizing cars and railroads I judge you are under the impression I have been disposed to meddle in what is not my business. Such, I can assure you, has not been my intention. I beg leave to make a few statements of facts to justify my conduct. Large amounts of oats were being purchased here and west, shipped by the Sioux City Railroad to this point, crossed over the River by teams, and shipped at Dunleith, opposite here, to Cairo. Colonel Myers, quartermaster at Saint Louis, communicated here and requested that Lieutenant Williams, acting quartermaster, would give his attention to it and see that this grain was hurried on, as it was needed immediately. This Lieutenant W[illiams] did by seeing that the grain was rapidly crossed over the River, and by visiting the depot and agent of the road to urge him to hurry up the supplies. Still Colonel Myers complained repeatedly that the grain was not coming forward. This he did by telegraph, and sent one of his agents here with a letter requesting we would give him every assistance. Matters went on in this way for two or three weeks. The railroad, full of promises, but doing little, until all the were houses here and on the other side were crossed with grain and large piles of it out doors, the agents here complaining they had not cars enough or locomotives enough. Mr. Forsyth, the general superintendent of freight in Chicago, telegraphed to Lieutenant Williams that they wanted locomotives and they could soon clear out the grain. This is the reason why I communicated with Colonel Fred. Myers, chief quartermaster. A few days ago I was informed that in spite of all the promises made, and the report that they had no cars or locomotives, large trains were going out every day loaded with hogs and other private freight. I therefore sent orders over to stop running any more private freight till the surplus grain on hand was cleared out. The consequence is that to-morrow would have seen all the grain on hand shipped and the road in condition to ship Government freight and private freight as wanted. You were mistaken in the idea that I seized the road, or attempted to control the road. I merely gave them an order to ship Government freight first, as it was wanted. Had they refused to obey the order I would have reported the matter officially. I knew that the road, being in a State not in my district, did not properly come under my care; but being on the spot and knowing the facts, I thought I would be justified in giving the order I did. I have informed Colonel William Myers, quartermaster, that you disapprove of my interference in the matter, and I have also informed the road that my order stopping the shipment of private freight until further orders is revoked.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

34 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

