
arrived at Bayou Corn about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 19th instant. I discovered nothing whatever of any enemy, and was told that there had been nothing seen in that vicinity for some time, except an enrolling party, which were there four or five days since. I had the command safely across Bayou Corn at about 5 o'clock. I lost three horses by drowning. They were so completely exhausted that after swimming across the bayou they were utterly unable to come out of the water from sheer weakness, and having no means at my disposal to get them out, I was compelled to abandon them. Of the remainder of the horses there are about twenty rendered unfit for service, being completely worn out in corssing and recrossing so many bayous. I proceeded from Bayou Corn to Grande Bayou and commenced crossing immediately. We were all across about 9 o'clock, and arrived in camp at 12 m. on the 19th. I succeeded, with great difficulty, in bringing the worn-out horses in with me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORIN A. AVERY,

Captain, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Expedition

First Lieutenant JAMES MAGILL.

Acting Adjutant Third Rhode Island Cavalry and Post.

JANUARY 18-22, 1865. - Scout from Warrensburg to the Snibar Hills., Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Daniel Shumate, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. COMPANY I, FIRST MO. STATE MILITARY CAV.,

Warrensburg, Mo., January 23, 1865

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 14, dated headquarters post Warrensburg, Mo., January 18, 1865, I marched from Camp Grover on the 18th instant with forty men of the First and Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I camped on the headwaters of Blackwater, twenty miles northwest of this place. On the morning of the 19th we resumed the march by the way of Chapel Hill. We there entered the Snibar Hills, in La Fayette County, Mo. I there divided my command, placing Lieutenant Daly in command of the detachment of Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia. We scouted through the Snibar Hills visited a number of families who generally report having seen small bands of marauders roving through the country who occasionally call on them for something to eat. The people say that they are forced to cook for them. From thence we passed to Greenton Valley and camped. On the morning of the 20th we scouted through the valley in the direction of Greenton. Lieutenant Daly with his command went to Greenton. I continued west of Greenton and went within five miles of Wellington. We there turned back and went by the way of Greenton and camped in that vicinity. On the morning of the 21st we started in the direction of the Snibar Hills. We scouted through the timber of the valley; also through the Snibar Hills. We camped two miles north of Chapel Hill. We saw five guerrillas and considerable of sign. There are families in that part of the country who come under the purview of my order, but owing to the scarcity of horses

