
LITTLE ROCK, January 15, 1865.

(Received 3. 50 p. m.)

Colonel GEIGER,

Augusta:

(Care General Shaler, Devall's Bluff.)

A force of the enemy under Shelby is engaged with our troops at Dardanelle, endeavoring to cross the Arkansas. If Shelby succeeds we may want to swing you around upon him. You will therefore remain where you are until you receive further orders. The accounts we hear of the condition of the roads in the country through which you propose to travel under your present orders have created a doubt as to the propriety of having you continue toward Helena. The major-general commanding desires to learn what your views are. If you cannot go through the Cache River country without severely harassing your command and losing horses, the communication of your views will influence your subsequent orders. What do you think? Do you advise abandoning the project or the reverse?

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., January 15, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF DETACHMENT

ON BOARD DISPATCH STEAMER RESOLUTE:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you proceed without delay and deliver the accompanying dispatch to Colonel Geiger, commanding the cavalry force now at Augusta. * Immediately on getting his reply you will return with same boat to this place and report in person (without disembarking your men) for further orders. You will post proper guards on different parts of the boat, and keep your men well in hand to return any fire that be given you from the shore. Your men will not be allowed to land except is it imperatively necessary, and then under your orders. You will in such a case see that no marauding or pillaging is perpetrated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LEWISBURG, January 15, 1865-4 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

GENERAL: The rebels, 1,500 strong and two pieces of artillery, attacked our troops at Dardanelle at 2 p. m. yesterday. The fight lasted till dark, when the rebels were repulsed, having lost very heavily. Our loss about twenty-five killed and wounded. Major Jenks has sent for more men and plenty of ammunition.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

