
LEWISBURG, January 15, 1865-7. 30 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Sixty cavalry (all that I could mount) and 100 of the Eleventh U. S. Colored, Lieutenant-Colonel Steele commanding, started for Norristown at 5 o'clock this a. m. The cavalry will arrive there about 11 a. m. ; the infantry this evening, they traveling in wagons. Second dispatch from Major Jenks states that the fighting was close and severe; that the men stood up to the work nobly, and the section of artillery did fine execution; fired 130 rounds. The major expected the fight would be renewed to-day, and ammunition getting low I have sent supply forward in an ambulance. With your approval, general, I will strain every point to hold Dardanelle; otherwise it will be impossible to get supplies to Fort Smith by River. I would suggest the sending from the Rock a regiment of infantry with good supply of ammunition, especially of Sharps and Enfield. I have none of either. Start soon and on a fast boat. They will reach them to-morrow noon. I would like the horses and harness belonging to the artillery sent along. I will place everything in good shape here and leave for Dardanelle in about an hour.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,January 15, 1865.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding, Lewisbury:

COLONEL: A regiment of infantry, section of artillery, with horses, will leave this p. m. on boat for Lewisburg with supply of ammunition. Your actions is approved. Hold Dardanelle if possible.

By order of Major-General Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LEWISBURG, January 15, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Major Hackett, Second Arkansas Cavalry, in from Fort Smith, states that when he left Clarksville it was reported that Shelby was en route with heavy force and large train to occupy Fort Smith. River fell nine inches last twenty-four hours.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., January 15, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding department to inform you that the present necessity requires the immediate assembling at Memphis of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, and

