
orders to make return in the fewest hours practicable, impressing on the senior officer on each steamer the necessity of promptness, to the end that no delays may occur. The Second New Jersey is the only regiment in the department armed with the Spencer carbine, and is parted with by the major-general with some reluctance on that account. Requisition was made by telegraph on the Cavalry Bureau at Washington for sufficient additional arms and accountermets to fully equip the regiment some time since. Orders were sent some time since to Major-General Washburn, commanding District of Vicksburg, to send all public transportation and model barges at Vicksburg and Natchez to Memphis, excepting one transport and one barge of sufficient capacity to move one 4-gun battery and 200 cavalry at each place. The major-general directs me to state that the orders are so modified as to leave all barges belonging to Natchez at that post.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 28. Memphis, Tenn., January 15, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The Second New Jersey and Fourth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, will be held in readiness to embark at an hour's notice with five days' forage and rations, all baggage, camp and garrison equipage, and property. All officers and enlisted men detached in any way from these regiments will be at once ordered to them. All details are hereby revoked. Immediate action will be expected from every officer in any manner interested.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,

Memphis, Tenn., January 15, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FOURTH MISSOURI CAV. VOLS.,

Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: You are hereby ordered to immediately and without delay prepare for embarking your entire command, with all officers and men, horses, camp and garrison equipage, transportation and other property, for change of station. All details of officers and men are revoked, and you will order every one detached to at once report to you. you will also, on receipt of this, forthwith furnish to Captain L. S. Van Vliet, chief quartermaster, and exact statement of number of officers and men, horses, mules, wagons, equipage, and other property, including five days' rations and forage, which is to be transported.

By command of Major-General Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

