
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 15, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is represented to me that there is so much irregular violence in Northern Missouri as to be driving away the people and almost depopulating it. Please gather information, and consider whether an appeal to the people there to go to their homes and let one another alone, recognizing as a full right of protection for each that he lets others alone, and barring only him who refuses to let others alone, may not enable you to withdrawn the troops, their presence itself a cause of irritation and constant apprehension, and thus restore peace and quiet and returning prosperity. Please consider this, and telegraph or write me.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 15, 1865.

Governor FLETCHER,

Jefferson City:

President Lincoln telegraphs me that it is represented to him that there is much irregular violence in Northern Missouri. That on account of this it is being almost depopulated, and suggests the propriety of withdrawing the troops and calling upon the citizens to return, and recognizing as a full right to each that he let the other alone. Do you believe any such policy would have the desired effect? I have not heard of many cases that he speaks of. Consider this private and answer by telegraph.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 15, 1865.

His Excellency Governor FLETCHER,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

The Secretary of War being absent it is my duty to answer your telegram of yesterday. This Department receives with joy the assurance it contains. The abolition of slavery in Missouri is an historical event of vast significance and moment. As in the border struggle of Kansas, the slave-holders of Missouri were the first to begin the war against freedom and democracy, so the triumph of emancipation in your great central State is the sure precursor and pledge of the speedy and immovable establishment of liberty and unity for the entire nation.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, January 15, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob:

You will at once relieve all the Seventh Kansas now at the bridges on Iron Mountain Railroad with dismounted men of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, the mounted men to be collected at Pilot Knob and

