
their main camp between the Smoky Hill and Republican. They are very strong and are well armed and prepared to make more trouble on the plains than they have ever made before. I sent word to the citizens on the Platte that the road between Julesburg and Marysville would be unsafe; that the Indians would commit depredations there and then strike the settlements south of Denver and between there and Colorado City. This word I sent three weeks ago, and what I then stated has occurred. I am now as well convinced that they intend to make an attack on the settlements above here on the Arkansas River or to cut off our communication with the States. Our force here is small. Unofficial rumor states that Texans are advancing from Western Texas upon New Mexico and Colorado, but should this be a mistake we have not a force sufficient here to protect the settlements above and hold this post. The company (K, First New Mexico Volunteers) belonging to the Department of New Mexico will soon be called to Fort Union. This will leave the post in a worse condition still, and will only leave troops sufficient to hold the post without furnishing escorts for mail, trains, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Numbers 4. Denver, Colo. Ter., January 15, 1865.

Pursuant to telegraphic instructions from department headquarters bearing date of the 13th instant, the post of Fort Lyon and vicinity is attached to this district. All reports and returns required by existing orders and regulations will be promptly made to these headquarters.

By order of Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 16. New Orleans, La., January 16, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Captain Thomas F. Purnell, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, having reported in writing to these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 466, War Department, series of 1864, is hereby assigned to duty with the First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, District of Vicksburg.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Fort at Morganza - Memorandum of proposed modifications.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, January 16, 1865.

The MAJOR-GENERAL COMMANDING:

First. The main levee to be made continuous and secure at and in vicinity of the fort. Those portions of the existing line situated

