HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the information received at this office this 16th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant John M. Reeds, Alexandria, Mo., December 24, 1864, indicates that section of the country very quiet. A report from the same source of December 30, 1864, states that several bands of robbers and thieves are committing depredations. these bands are supposed to belong to the Enrolled Militia of the State, and it is thought the parties will soon be brought to justice. A report from Captain Frederick H. Man, Morganza, La., January 12, 1865, states that the Second, Fourth, seventeenth, and Eight Louisiana Cavalry (rebel), forming a brigade about 1,500 to 2,000 strong, armed with Enfield rifles, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph Brent, are stationed near Opelousas picketing the Atchafalaya from Red River down, together with two batteries (about twelve guns) at Cheneville, on Bayou Boeuf.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 16. New Orleans, January 16, 1865.

* * * * *

7. The Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers is relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans, and will without delay proceed to Kenner, La., and will be reported to Major General F. Steele, commanding U. S. forces at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,First Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., January 16, 1865.

Colonel W. SAYLES,

Commanding Post, Napoleonville, La.:

SIR: You will send one company, under command of a competent officer, at such time on the morning of the 18th instant as will enable them to reach the plantation of Pierre Herbert, on Bayou Pierre Pass, some time in the evening, not before 8 o'clock. You will instruct the commanding officer to capture one Victorine Trahan and one other Confederate soldier supposed to be harbored there while on furlough, and if these men are found on his premises he will arrest Pierre Herbert. Returning he will come this side of Grand Bayou before going into camp for the night, returning to camp next day. He will be careful not to permit his men to straggle or pillage from any plantation or

