
and wagons and the inclemency of the weather I failed to bring them to these headquarters. On the morning of the 22nd we started for this post. We arrived at camp late in the evening.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL SHUMATE.

Second Lieutenant Co. I, 1st Cav. Mo. State Militia, Commanding Detachment.

[Colonel JAMES McFERRAN.]

JANUARY 19-20, 1865. - Scout from Donaldsonville, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Camp, Donaldsonville, La., January 20, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of a scout which left this post last night under my command, in pursuit of Captain Williams' band of guerrillas.

I left the post about 7 p. m. with fifty men from my detachment and four lieutenants, three from said detachment. Near Trasimond Landry's plantation we discovered a building, used as a school-house, on fire, and when my advance guard reached the place they received some half a dozen shots from the guerrillas, who immediately took to the field and woods, and owing to the extreme darkness, it was impossible to follow them with any prospect of capturing them. I then proceeded up the river as far as Dominique's Store and divided the command by sending one-half by a cut-off to the rear Thompson's plantation, where I have been informed that Williams had been that day. I moved with the balance of the command up the river road to the front of the same plantation. We saw nothing of the party on either route. I then advanced up the road as far as Mrs. Adams' plantation, arriving there at midnight and encamped for the night. Immediately after mounting in the morning I received information that a portion of the party were on a cut off on the plantation next below, and ordered Lieutenants Cross and Riley, with twenty-five men, to start in pursuit. The guerrillas, however, had too much the start and with that and the great superiority of their horses, made their escape into the swamp as closely pursued as the condition of our horses would permit. We did not get within range of them. Upon the return of Lieutenant Cross the command moved down the river road, and when near Sigur's plantation saw Captain Williams and some twelve or fourteen men of the party making their way in rear of the negro cabins to a cut off. Pursuit was at once ordered and Lieutenant Cross, Lieutenant Vance, and Lieutenant Riley, with twenty-five men, followed upon the rear, but owing to the inefficiency of their horses the capture of Williams' party was impossible. The command then returned to camp. I beg leave in conclusion to say that, in my opinion, it is useless to attempt to capture this or any other of these moving bands of mounted men by my detachment until it is better mounted. If we had to-day been properly mounted we should have easily captured the entire party.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. PARKHURST,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

