
him. Your dispatch was handed to Colonel Geiger about 7 o'clock this morning. His dispatch to you left Augusta at 11 o'clock this morning.

ALEX. SHALER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

DARDANELLE, January 16, 1865-12 m.

Brigadier General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Our loss not so heavy as first reported; 1 killed of the Third Wisconsin Regiment, 15 wounded, and 2 missing. Bodies of fifteen rebels were discovered this a. m. ; eighteen wounded are in one house four miles from here. Their loss is supposed to be from sixty to eighty. Everything is working well. By night we will be ready to receive as many rebels as are desirous of visiting us. Rebels were reported camped last night nine miles from here. Have scout to ascertain their movements. They say they are expecting re-enforcements, when they will renew the attack. Will send down the wounded on first steamer. I will retain the steamer Alamo here to bring supplies from Lewisburg; also for ferrying purposes. Last heard from fleet they were at the mouth of the Mulberry, safe.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,January 16, 1865-3 p. m.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

Have you any news from Dardanelle?

By order of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, January 16, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

All is quiet at Dardanelle. I have just received a report that the rebels are re-enforced by Gordon's and Morgan's regiments, and are to renew the attack. I have notified Colonel Ryan, at Dardanelle.

I. W. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., January 16, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout sent down the River forty miles captured six prisoners with their horses and equipments. Among them was a rebel major and two other commissioned officers. The officer commanding the scout reports a force of about 200 rebels on the Arkansas River at Red Fork.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

