HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., January 16, 1865.

Major-General HERRON:

GENERAL: I cannot suppose that you are still engaged in the mission on which I had recently occasion to meet you, and it would be hardly fair to tax you with its cares and disagreeable. It occurred to me, however, that you still might have some interest in the development of affairs in this section, and to-night, having a brief breathing space, I take the liberty of giving you a sketch of them. The order to proceed to Washington I did not received, but late one night I was summoned to General Thayer's headquarters and received orders to resume command of the Indian Brigade. They were reticent, and I sought to know no more than they thought proper to communicate. I could scarcely get an escort here, but assumed command on the 29th ultimo. I would have preferred to meet and expose the powerful organization that I fear is not dead yet. I was willing to stake my reputation on the struggle, but God knows best. The orders to evacuate Fort Smith were issued and countermanded. I think the latter an error that time will prove. The orders to close the stores in Smith caused a remarkable sale. Goods were sold off in immense quantities to all persons from the 20th to the 31st of December, 1864. It has been stated to me by one of the parties that $2,000 on each merchant was levied by some one for that twelve days' grace. Orders were sent here in advance of me stating that the order to expel does not apply to Fort Gibson at the present. I am issuing regulations for the line between this and Kansas, prohibiting any save a small number, two teams to each legitimate trader here, with each train. I also issued regulations to keep it in its proper limits, which I find it has greatly transcended. General Orders, Numbers 7, was revoked, and I was directed to make needful rules to protect the rights of the Indians. This I shall do, but with the organizations above and below me it will be extremely difficult, and my limited authority and means will place me to a large extent at the mercy of those who are in league with the plunderers. Captain Wittum was named by General Blunt provost-marshal of Southern Kansas. Only think of one of the most noted cattle thieves being police officer on the border. Blair is still at Fort Scott, and says he is not going from it. I have plenty in my hands, but think I ought to prefer charges and push the matter against both of them and others. Here I found matters in a frightful state. I had no idea that demoralization could have reached such a pitch in such a short time. I have the report and affidavit of an acting detective here, which is full of frightful revelations implicating Colonel Wattles, the provost-marshal, quartermaster, and commissary. It seems they were regularly in the habit of throwing persons in a wretched prison and blackmailing them, the money being divided between Wattles, the provost-marshal, and the detective. Other articles were taken and divided. I placed the provost-marshal in arrest. He is a young man, and refuses to admit, but does the same thing. He begs that I will not proceed against him, and promises to refund his share of the money to the persons mulcted. Wattles I have not yet placed under arrest. I scarcely know what to do with him. I understand that my command will be defined as a separate command in orders, and I hoe so, but I have no colonel and he might raise the question of rank. I hardly feel like permitting him to resign. I find a wholesale forging of vouchers. I have sent for Captain Peck to inspect and examine. Captain Gaylord left for Fort Smith before I began the

