
district on which he can subsist this season. I propose to do this, and, if possible, head him off, bring him to action, and punish him so badly as to disperse his regiments. There is a pile [of] Confederate Government cotton at Gum Ridge, said to amount to 3,000 bales. I believe this should be burned, and shall so order; but, being in doubt, I should like, if possible, to be prohibited in time if it is not desirable. My plan of action, so far as I can now decide upon it, is as follows, the details will of course be varied by circumstances arising at the time: I shall prepare the cavalry here to move against Forrest in concert with General Wilson. I will ask General Reynolds to send against Camden, from Pine Bluff, as large a force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery as he can spare, with necessary means to cross the Saline River; this force to leave the Bluff on the 25th, and proceed by slow marches, continuing the feint on Camden for five days, after which it may return. I will embark 3,000 cavalry from Fort Pickering on the night of the 25th and land them at Gaines' Landing on the morning of the 27th. One brigade proceeding down the River would cross the Macon and Boeuf and burn the 3,000 bales of Confederate cotton which are reported to be guarded by Armstrong's men at Gum Ridge; thence to Hamburg, where the main column, having crossed the Bartholomew and driven out or captured the force at Monticello, would join. After this the march must be decided by the course Harrison will take. I will send a copy of this letter to Major-General Reynolds in order that he may be fully advised of my intentions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., January 16, 1865.

Colonel JAMES N. McARTHUR,

Commanding Post of Columbus, Ky.:

COLONEL: The copy of official letter* from E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, War Department, of January 3, 1865, to Brigadier-General Meredith, commanding at Paducah, &amp;c., forwarded by you, is received; also copy of a letter of January 13, and telegram of January 14, from General Meredith to you. I have only to repeat my previous instructions and to say that you cannot obey the order of General Meredith. The last sentence in the official letter of the assistant adjutant-general, War Department, above referred to, declares all the troops east of the Mississippi River up to the mouth of the Ohio are subject to the orders of Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi. these papers have been all forwarded to Major-General Canby, through superior headquarters, and definite action will doubtless be taken in a few days, of which you will be promptly notified, and which will probably result in attaching other posts besides Columbus to General Dana's command. In the meantime, to avoid any embarrassing questions, I shall not give you any further special instructions, but require you to obey and carry out those already given.

Very respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 503.

---------------

35 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

