HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 16, 1865.

Honorable Abraham LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 15th instant. Since I assumed command here the troubles in North Missouri have increased, from the fact that the troops that were in those counties infested by guerrilla bands were nearly all withdrawn by me to send to General Thomas, but there is no doubt that this country is now more quiet than it has been before for three years. Where these troubles exist the people are to a great extent disloyal, and it is the protection, aid, and sympathy that they give to the enemy and to outlaws that causes these troubles. One class (the disloyal) desires all troops withdrawn, while the other (the loyal men) petition to have more sent. The fact is that unless troops are kept in the Missouri River counties no loyal people can live there. I have consulted with Governor Fletcher in relation to this matter, and so far as possible we have endeavored to quiet these troubles. Three thousand men left these counties and joined Price last fall. Many of them are now sneaking back and going into the bush to operate. The people who are leaving are mostly those whose friends are in the rebel army, or whose sympathies are with the rebels, and those who expect to be disfranchised, and who have but very little, if any, sympathy with our Government. They do not leave on account of depredations committed upon them by the troops, but through fear of action of the State convention. I believe most of the loyal men, and those who have determined to become loyal, are determined to stay. Those of them that do go flee from guerrillas, which no order of proclamation would reach. The bushwhackers can only be put down and kept down by holding the citizens who aid, feed, and harbor them responsible. Loyal local organizations I consider the best troops toaws under, and I had settled in my own mind upon the policy to pursue, viz: As soon as the State legislature passes the new militia bill, to raise under it 100 men from each of these disloyal counties, place them under competent and reliable officers, citizens of the State who have seen service. Let the Government arm, equip, and feed them, and the counties pay them. Place one of these companies on duty in each of the disloyal counties where these troubles exist; withdraw therefrom the U. S. volunteers, and call upon the citizens to support and aid these organizations. To a great extend they will cheerfully do it. Those who will not, and who persist in giving aid to bushwhackers, to be sent out of the department. I have issued stringent orders to all the troops in regard to committing depredations and acts through personal enmity, and good effects are hereby being produced. I hear of but very few depredations by troops recently, but bushwhackers are robbing and murdering in many places. During the winter it is to the interest of these outlaws and their friends to keep our troops away. As soon as spring comes they expect to obtain re-enforcements from the South, and even from the loyal States, where many have gone to winter, and who, when the leaves come, will all return. What troops I have are kept very active, and they are doing good work in the way of breaking up guerrillas and marauding bands. The troops in North Missouri are nearly all Missouri State Militia, whose terms of service is fast expiring. Their discipline has been very lax, and on account of the defective nature of that organization, they have not been efficient. I have taken measures to hold the officers

