
the State of bushwhackers and rebels. They live and do their work of blood and plunder mostly in the River counties, where they must get encouragement from the people. The condition of such of the Union men in Platte, Clay, Ray, Carroll, Chariton, Howard, Boone, Randolph, Callaway, La Fayette, Jackson, Saline, and other counties as supported Mr. Lincoln for President, and who have been active, outspoken friends of the Government, is such that they and their property are in constant danger of assassination and pillage, and as a consequence nearly all such have either left for places of security or design leaving without greater security is afforded them at their homes. Many of them have gone to the military posts in their several counties and must suffer greatly in their pecuniary affairs. Believing in the justice of the remarks of Governor Fletcher that "if there be but one loyal man in any county in this State he shall stand up at his county seat and defy Jeff. Davis and all his followers," we invoke your authority and consent to the following plan:

Let the committee of safety in such counties as are referred to, and others if necessary, in connection with the military commander in each county, select, say, ten or fifteen prominent and wealthy sympathizers in each township and notify them by general order that they and their property will be held responsible for the safety of the persons and property of all the loyal men of their townships. Such men heretofore have been able to keep the bushwhackers from killing and robbing them, and if they are able to do that much they are able to preserve loyal men, and they should do it or take the consequences. Such an order will have the effect either to give security to loyal men or else case good will be accomplished. The State will be far the gainer by the removal of such men from it. One of the troubles in our State has been that orders good enough have been issued, but no executed. Issue such an order as we aste it promptly when necessary, and our opinions are that peace will come of it. We might elaborate this subject, but refrain from doing so

Giving you assurances of our hearty co-operation in any measures you may take looking to the peace of the State, the security of the loyal people, and the putting down of this rebellion, we subscribe ourselves, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. SAMUEL, of Clay County.

W. A. WILSON, of Saline County.

DAVID WAGNER, of Lewis County.

[AND TWENTY-EIGHT OTHERS.]

PILOT KNOB, January 16, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Troops have gone on 2 p. m. train to relieve Seventh Kansas Cavalry at De Soto and bridges. Sixty dismounted men have been sent to Centerville, and Company F, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, over eighty strong, to Patterson to strengthen those outposts.

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

