SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 12. Rolla, Mo., January 16, 1865.

First Lieutenant W. D. Hubbard, adjutant Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, is hereby detailed as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters and will report for duty forthwith.

By order of Brigadier General E. B. Brown:

[J. H. STEGER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 16, 1865-1. 20 p. m.

Colonel D. P. DYER,Warrenton, Mo., or Mexico, Mo.:

I go up to Jefferson City to-day.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 11. Macon, Mo., January 16, 1865.

I. Colonel E. Smart, commanding Sub-District of Boone, will immediately relieve the two companies of Twenty-seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia from guard duty on the line of the North Missouri Railroad by a detail from the Forty-ninth Infantry Missouri Volunteers.

II. Upon being relieved from guard duty by the Forty-ninth Infantry the two companies of Twenty-seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel A. Krekel, guarding bridges on North Missouri Railroad, will be release from active service.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LEAVENWORTH, January 16, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

SIR: I desire to call your attention to the necessity of further protection to the mail service on the Santa Fe mail route. From Fort Larned to Fort Lyon there is a distance of 200 miles running along the Arkansas River in one of the most dangerous districts for attack of hostile Indians, and over which the mail cannot be transported without military escort. The mails are now transported once in two weeks. The contract calls for service once each week, and the department is anxious to increase the service to twice each week. The proprietors of the mail service say that if a small fort was built at what is called the Cimarron crossing of the Arkansas, the entire route would be comparatively safe from Indian depredations. This crossing is equidistant from Fort Larned and Fort Lyon, on the Arkansas River, and the proprietors of the route say that fifty men would be ample for all purposes of safety to the service. Mr. Sanderson, one of the proprietors, tells me that the War Department say they will approve of the holding of this fort if General Curtis orders it, and that the orders come properly within the general's province as commander of the department. This company carries the mail to all the forts of the plains, and the importance

