
of a safe transit will be readily appreciated by you. The order establishing this fort or post fills the only gap of that distance on the entire route.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. A. REYNOLDS,

(In behalf of the proprietors Santa Fe Mail Company.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 16, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: I have the honor to report my return from an official tour of my district as far west as Fort Larned. I would respectfully request permission to visit Leavenworth to explain to the general commanding the wants of the district, which can be done better and more thoroughly in this manner than by letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 16, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of communications from the major-general commanding, dated, respectively, January 10 and 12, and in reply would state that I have just returned from an official tour of my district as far as Fort Larned. The instructions contained in the letter of the 10th instant have already been anticipated by my instructions to the various post commanders throughout my district. In reply to your communication of the 12th instant I would state that troops are under orders to march to relieve those at Fort Zarah. They leave on the 17th instant. Some delay may be occasioned in the movements of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry after they are relieved for the want of sufficient transportation to move them out of the district, as there is not sufficient transportation in the district to keep the posts properly supplied, although repeated estimates and requests have been forwarded to the chief quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth, both by the commander of the district and the chief quartermaster. I would respectfully state that there are many matters of importance to be attended to and to communicate to the general commanding that can be better explained by a personal interview than be letter. I would therefore respectfully ask for permission to visit department headquarters for this purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 9. Fort Riley, Kans., January 16, 1865.

* * * * *

6. Captain William H. Greene, Second Colorado Cavalry, will immediately proceed with his battalion of Second Colorado Cavalry to Fort Zarah, relieving the detachment of unassigned recruits Third

