
Wisconsin Cavalry now at that post. The battalion under the command of Captain W. H. Greene will take all their camp and garrison equipage and ten days' rations.

* * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

VALLEY STATION, January 16, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

A large body of Indians are plainly to be seen on the north side of River moving south or down River; 300 or 400 camped some twelve miles south us last night. The object is cleaning out of the ranches below. Some five white men were with them Sunday. Half of my command are out after wood and I have not force to pursue.

J. J. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant, First Colorado Cavalry.

TUBAC, ARIZ. TER., January 16, 1865.

Captain B. C. CULTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have reason to believe that a large body of hostile Apache Indians are living somewhere between old Fort Buchanan and the San Pedro River near the Sonora line. Colonel Davidson, Indian agent, offers me the assistance of 80 or 100 Papago Indians if I will endeavor to find and attack them (I inclose copy of Colonel Davidson's letter to me on that subject), but it will be necessary for the Government to furnish subsistence and ammunition. I have the honor to request permission from the general commanding to issue subsistence and ammunition to these Indians for the time it may be necessary to employ them. I have also to inform you that the express from this post to Fort Bowie (two men of my company) was attacked on the 4th instant, five miles north of Whetstone Springs, by about thirty Apaches. They succeeded in capturing the two horses and the mail (one of the horses was afterward shot by the soldiers). The two men, by showing a brave front, kept the savages off and escaped to Sand Pedro Crossing unhurt, but with a number of shots through hats and clothing. Also, that on the 12th instant a party of Apaches attacked a wagon belonging to the Santa Rita mine about one mile from this post, killing 1 man and wounding 1 slightly. They captured nothing. I immediately sent a party in pursuit, but they failed to overtake them. The general commanding will see that it is necessaryndians a prompt and severe punishment. I will, with his approval, take all the men that can be spared from the post and with the assistance of the Papago Indians try to find their rancherios, and will endeavor to make the result satisfactory to the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. MERRIAM,

Captain, First California Cavalry, Commanding Post.

P. S. - I have also to request permission to have two good Indian guides, if I may fiend in necessary at any time, for this post.

JOHN L. MERRIAM,

Captain, First California Cavalry, Commanding Post.

