
[Inclosure.]

SUPERINTENDENCY OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, ARIZONA,

January 5, 1865.

Captain JOHN L. MERRIAM,

First California, Cav., Commanding, Tubac, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: I beg to inform you that at a council held yesterday with the chief and headmen of the Papagos at San Xavier del Bac, it was agreed that the Papagos will, within six week's time, have ready from 80 to 100 warriors for a campaign against the hostile Apaches, to last from six to eight weeks. To carry out the determination of the council, couriers will be sent to their pueblos, requiring each to furnish its quota, the whole to be under the command of Jose, who has been nominated chief captain of all the Papagos. They are to act in concert with and under the direction of the military authorities. For heir services they will compensated from the goods of the Indian Department, but it will be expected that while actually employed rations of corn will be furnished from the quartermaster's stores. If possible they should be furnished with twenty-five fire-arms and suitable ammunition. They have some thirty serviceable guns of their own and will be provided by me with powder, caps, and lead for them. They will also be armed with bows and arrow and lances. If this movement of the Papagos is made in concert with U. S. troops, they will rendezvous at Tubac at any appointed day after the middle of February, and Captain Jose will report to you. I have in my employ some twenty-six tame Apaches, desperate enemies of the wild ones. This band volunteers to furnish ten good warriors to act and strike with the Papagos.

Hoping that the proposed movement will meet with your approval and co-operation, and that an efficient blow may be struck against the savages whose rancherios are not far distant, I remain, yours, respectfully,

M. O. DAVIDSON,

Special Indian Agent.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Orleans, La., January 17, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have honor to acknowledge the receipt of copy of your telegram dated the 3rd instant, directing Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, to reoccupy Fort Smith, and other posts in its vicinity. I inclose herewith copy of my letter to General Reynolds relating to this subject. *

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Orleans, La., January 17, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have received from the commanding general Department of Mississippi a copy of your telegram to him of the 1st instant, stating

---------------

*See p. 559.

---------------

