
Fortification at Port Hudson-Memorandum of proposed modifications.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

MAJOR-GENERAL COMMANDING:

First. A continuous line of strong profite (parapet one to twelve feet thick) having a development of about 600 yards, to be constructed within the existing line, and be so located that its two extremities shall be at the crest of the bluff and include between them the head of a good ramp or roadway down to a good landing. If the nature of the problem will admit of it, a portion of the existing line to be utilized of the new line. A line of stockade to connect each of the extremities of the new line of parapet with the water's edge over such portions of the slope of the bluff and bank as are not too steep to be accessible. The upper extremities of the stockade lines to be thrown a few to the rear of the parapet in order to admit of their being flanked from the crest of the bluff and within the parapet. Such flanks as are necessary in the new line not to exceed twelve yards in length. The armament of the new line to be (now on the spot) one 8-inch columbiad, two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, five 42-pounder guns, one 32-pounder gun, eight 24-pounder guns, one 20-pounder Parrott file, four 24-pounder howitzers (iron), six 12-pounder howitzers (field), two light 12-pounders. To be provided: One 8-inch siege mortar, three Coehorn mortars; to be well protected by embrasures, merlons, and traverses; garrison to be about 1,000 strong. Second. As soon as the new line attains a defensible condition that portion of the existing line exterior to it to be thoroughly demolished. Third. The entire new line to be surrounded by an efficient obstacle placed beyond the ditch under close musketry fire from the parapet in rear. Fourth. Details of officers and men to be furnished by the officer commanding the post, and the necessary facilities under control of the quartermaster's department upon requisitions by the officer in charge of construction.

Respectfully submitted.

M. D. McALESTER,

Captain of Engineers and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. MILITARY OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel c. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit for your consideration the following report of information received at this office the 17th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant G. G. Curtis, Baton Rouge, January 12, 1865, states that since his last report he has examined six prisoners of war, four deserters and refugees. Among the deserters is E. A. Peyton, late lieutenant-colonel Third Mississippi Cavalry (rebel) who reports that deserts from a U. S. gun-boat (Chadwick by name) is at liberty, and commands a section of artillery. Among the prisoners of war is Philips Stephens, doubtless a jayhawker, who represents himself a private, but whose papers show him to be a first lieutenant in Barrow's (rebel) regiment. He also states that his last report in relation to forces in rear of Baton Rouge is confirmed. A telegram

