
from the same source received at 4. 30 this p. m. states that a deserter from Brandon, Miss., gives information of the supersedure of Hood by General Joe Johnston in command of the Army of Tennessee, and also states that the bulk of the army was at Corinth, Miss. ; also that the Georgia Central Railroad has been repaired and is in running order to Richmond, Va.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a party sent by me to Mandeville under command of Captain Powell, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, on schooner Cazador, returned this morning with three prisoners of war, officers, and two citizens, and a very large mail for New Orleans, and all the records of provost-marshal and conscription officers. I have directed the prisoners turned over to Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Hood, and as soon as the captured papers can be examined I well report further. Credit is due Captain Powell for the neat and quiet capture made by him.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBURT,

Major-General, Commanding.

List of prisoners: w. E. Ligon, captain on General Maury's staff; Winslow Robinson, first lieutenant, commanding lake Shore District, provost-marshal; George W. White, brevet second lieutenant, Second Louisiana Cavalry; John G. Bethune, judge, State of Georgia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to forward for the consideration and remarks of the major-general commanding a letter of the Secretary of War in relation to levees in this State. I consider it of such prime necessity that I request it may be forwarded (if approved) which the least delay.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to ask that a special appropriation may be made to this department, in the sum $100,000, for the erection and maintenance of levees in the States of Louisiana. The facts upon which

