
this appropriation is asked are these: The State of Louisiana, to whom this duty belongs, is both unwilling and unable to discharge it. The sum of $400,000, gross figures, turned over by General Shelley to Governor Hahn, together with all revenues accruing since his coming into the constitutional convention, and the State is and has been four months past bankrupt in treasury and without credit. The plantations long the River have been in many instances abandoned by their former owners and held by speculators, who have failed and left the country. The levees have thus been neglected by the authorities, and neglect insures destruction. Crevasses and breaks have already occurred. The next high water, if the levees remain as they are, will sweep over the entire country, destroy our fortifications at Morganza, ruin the La Fourche region, cut off our railroad communication with Brashear City, and do an incalculable amount of damage. As a mere matter of military necessity the construction of the levees in Point Coupe and West Baton Rouge is and inevitable duty. the governor, Mr. Hahn, although applied to officially, is powerless even to furnish competent engineers at State's expense. I have, therefore, caused the line of levees to be surveyed by the engineers I could obtain, and have advertised for and received proposals for construction. The necessary work to be done is about, by estimate, 325,000 cubic yards. The best bid I have and the one accepted is at 40 cents per yard, $130,000. I have of reserve funds in provost-marshal-general's office $50,000, collected under the assessment order of Major-General Butler. The work is contracted to be done by the 15th of March, 1865. It is of great importance that the money to meet it should be on hand as the work progresses. There is no colored labor to be used without breaking up the entire system of plantations, and then it would be at greater eventual cost than by contract. By law all the plantations on the River fronting on the levee are bound for expenses of construction and repair, and the amount thus expended by the United States can, in the course of the year, be collected. I very earnestly press upon your attention the immediate necessity of being put in funds for this work, as the work itself cannot be delayed and must proceed rapidly, and I know of nothing more imperatively necessary to the safety of this command and the welfare of this people.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: When Major General B. F. Butler turned over the command of this department to Major-General Banks in December, 1862, he took away with him a portion of the records of the headquarters of this department-book of Letters-Sent, the Special Order Book, and the Special Permit Memorandum Book. If possible I would request that these books may be returned, as the want of them is frequently feet in making reference to cases acted on by General Butler.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

