SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 14. New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

* * * * *

4. The Eighteenth New York Cavalry are hereby relieved from duty in the District of La Forchue, and will at once proceed to Kennerville, La., where its commanding officer will report for duty to the commander of the Cavalry Camp of Instruction. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation. the general commanding the District of La Fourche is charged with seeing that the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 37, series of 1864, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, are strictly conformed to

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., January 17, 1865

Colonel W. SAYLES,

Commanding, Napoleonville:

Information having been given to these headquarters that Whitaker, with probably sixty-five men, is one Bayou Pierre, you will send two companies instead of on the expedition ordered in instructions sent you to-day, dated the 16th. You will inform the commanding officer of the probability of his meeting Whitaker's gang, and instruct him to fight them if found.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Post Napoleonville, La., January 17, 1865.

Captain O. A. AVERY,

Captain Company B:

CAPTAIN: 1. You are hereby ordered to proceed to-morrow morning, the 18th instant, with your company (B) and Companies I and K, of this regiment, at 2 a. m. to the plantation of Pierre Herbert, on Bayou Pierre Pass, taking special care not to arrive there before 8 o'clock in the evening. 2. You will (if there) capture on Victorine Trahan and one other Confederate soldier supposed to be there, and if you find either of them on the place you will also arrest Pierre Herbert. 3. Returning you will on no account whatever (should it be necessary) camp until you reach this side of Gand Bayou. 4. Should you meet any gang of Confederates you will fight them. 5 You will take two days' cooked rations with you for your command. 6. Privates Oscar Claud and Simon Trahan, Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, will go with you as guides for the expedition. 7. You will be very careful not to allow any of your men to straggle or pillage from any plantations or premises.

By order of W. Slayes, colonel commanding regiment and post:

E. K. THOMPSON,

First Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

