HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 17, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: In view of the instructions to reoccupy Fort Smith and posts in the vicinity, the major-general commanding directs that they be held simply as military positions to be defended at all hazards. The works to be reduced in conformity with this policy to be so strengthened, armed, and supplied as to be capable of resisting a siege; the troops not required for garrisons to be held in reserve for service in the field. Any dependancies not essential as outposts or picket-posts to be broken up and the garrisons concentrated as much as possible. As far as it can be done without serious embarrassment to the service, the commanding general desires that you change the garrison of these posts and break up, if possible, the system of corruptions that have neutralized the efficiency of the troops in the Northern District of your department

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Canby desires that this letter be substituted for the one relating to the same matter sent this morning.

Respectfully,

C. T. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the Thirty-fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, now at Devall's Bluff, and also two regiments of U. S. Colored Infantry (the Fifty-third and Sixty-sixth), now at Saint Charles, be assigned permanently to this department. The first-named regiment belonged to this department, but was temporarily detained while on their return from veteran furlough; during this detention was assigned to Fourth Brigade of Reserve Corps. This request is rendered imperative by the order for the preoccupancy of Fort Smith, and I trust the major general commanding will consent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 17, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of Colonel G. M. Mitchell, commanding Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry, with 10 officers and 227 enlisted men of his regiment and a few men of other regiments, recently exchanged officer Department of Arkansas, and he has con-

