
cluded to take the 2 p. m. train to Little Rock, to report in person. The balance of his regiment at Hickory Station, on the railroad. Of course it will be of great advantage to have his regiment united in one camp. But supposing the force now at Hickory Station to be sufficient. I have placed his detachment in camp here until your orders in the case are received. If thought sufficient by the major-general commanding, the detachment of the Sixty-first Illinois at this post might relieve the detachment of the Fifty-fourth Illinois at Hickory Station. The detachment of Fifty-fourth Illinois at Hickory Station report an aggregate of 239 present of duty. The Sixty-first Illinois report an aggregate of 151 present for duty. We need men for work on defenses very much this pleasant weather.

Very respectfully, yours,

ALEXANDER SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,January 21, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

Ordered have been issued in relation to disposition of these troops, which explain. Orders from Lieutenant-General Grant require the Sixty-first Illinois Volunteers to rejoin their regiment at Nashville.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 17, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SHALER,

Devall's Bluff:

The Fifty-fourth Illinois will concentrate at Hickory Station and will guard that point and Fort Minor. Order will be sent to-morrow p. m. Colonel Mitchell will be over in the morning train.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 17, 1865.

First Lieutenant JOHN SMAILL,

Company E, 35th Wis., Commanding Guard on board steamer Ella:

You are directed to proceed on board of the Ella to Augusta and report to Colonel Geiger, commanding cavalry force at that place, handing him the accompanying dispatch. He will probably give you a quantity of beef-cattle to bring back. It is desired that you stay as short a time as possible at Augusta. On the trip you will have proper guards and lookout constantly on duty, and take every precaution to avoid confusion if fired upon from the shore. A detachment of our cavalry has been landed above Des Arc, and you are directed to be on the lookout as you pass both ways and communicate with them if possible. The captain of the Ella knows the point at which they were landed. Should you find them going up and they have a considerable number of cattle

