
to deliver, you will take them on board and return without going to Augusta; and if the cavalry detachment desires transportation to Augusta you may promise to return for them immediately. The captain of the boat haw written instructions from these headquarters to obey your orders. On arriving back you will report to these headquarters for further orders before disembarking your men. Your men will not be allowed to land except under your orders, and in that case you will be held responsible that no marauding or pillaging takes place. You will show Colonel Geiger these instructions, which are otherwise confidential.

by order of Brigadier General Alex. Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 17, 1865.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Forces at Augusta, Ark.:

COLONEL: This dispatched will be handed you by the officer commanding the guard on board of the steamer Ella, which is sent to you at the request of General West for a load of beef-cattle. He will show you his instructions from these headquarters, and give you all the information gathered on the route. Brigadier-General Shaler, commanding at this post, desires that the be delayed as short a time as possible, and will be glad to answer any demands you wish to make worth a view of advancing the object of the expedition, or to forward any communication you wish to send to General West.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, &amp;C.,Devall's Bluff, Ark., January 17, 1865-8 p. m.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Little Rock:

I have seen nothing of Colonel Geiger's aide since my last dispatch. I understand ha has gone to Brownsville. The Ella brought down from Augusta and landed on the east bank, a few miles above Des. Arc, a scouting party of twenty or thirty cavalry. I do know what their orders are. I am informed by a citizen (reliable) that they will not be able to get away from that region, on account of the bayous, without a boat. Under these circumstances would it not be well to start the Ella off to-morrow morning for Augusta, with instructions to look out for their detachment?

ALEXANDER SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

36 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

