
DARDANELLE, January 17, 1865-8. 30 a. m.

General J. J. REYNOLDS:

The Davenport has arrived with troops. Returns immediately, well. Can hold the post. Position of the enemy not know, scouts are out.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, January 17, 1865-12. 35 p. m.

(Via Devall's Bluff.)

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding at Mouth of White River:

Dispatch from General Clayton, commanding at Pine Bluff, dated yesterday, says, viz: * * * "The officer commanding the scout reports a force of about 200 rebels on the Arkansas River at Red Fork. "

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I made application to my department commander for a regiment of cavalry to be stationed here, asking, if he had none to give me, that he would forward my request. I received from General Dana a verbal reply y one of my aides that he had non to spare for this point, but he would forward my application approved. I consider the necessity sufficient to warrant my direct application for it. It is very important to have officers at the picket-lines of sufficient intelligence to understand the orders issued by the general commanding the military division, upon the application of parities claiming to own or control the products beyond our lines, and upon permission to take out supplies, even after having been duty issued at my headquarters. I am doing the duty of post commander myself until I can get their business arranged and understood, but it cannot be expected for me to visit my outer line of chain of vedettes every time an application is made to enter, and they are now becoming legion. The officers of outposts should certainly have intelligence enough to conduct the preliminary examination, and satisfy himself of the good faith of the parties before being brought within the lines to receive final review preparatory to obtaining a permit to go [to] New Orleans ro Memphis. If it can be done, I would like the Third Michigan from Arkansas, or the First Louisiana from the Department of the Gulf, as most of the officers of these two regiments are known to me be intelligent and honorable gentlemen. I have no doubt General Dana's request will go down soon, and this is done to facilitate the matter.

With high respect, I am, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

