
submitted direct when completed. All colored persons are required show evidence of self-support or of actual employment, and if not are sent to the Home Farm. I beg here to ask special consideration of my request te retain the Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, unbrigaded or otherwise, at this post, and to state again that a greater necessity exists, in my belief, for its retention at this post than I am at present prepared to put in writing in an official shape.

I am, colonel, with high respect, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 17, 1865-11 a. m.

(Received 1. 05 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Dispatch of 15th received. Very few states of violence have occurred in North Missouri. It is more quiet now than it has been for three years. Bushwhackers are doing the mischief. I have written you fully.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 17, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have been in Crittenden County, Ark., to-day and learn that Dick Berryman with a small part of his old command has started for Missouri. In a recent election a young man from Farmington, No., by name of Clardy, has been elected to Berryman's position, and Berryman really has no command at present. I think he is going te recruit if he finds it possible to do so. I learn from the rebels that Colonel Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, has occupied Augusta, on White River, and preparations are being made to drive him out. The rebels claim they have 10,000 men scattered through this part of Arkansas, which they will endeavor to concentrate. I do not think really have half that number effective.

Truly,

S. H. MELCHER.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., January 17, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE:

SIR: The undersigned members of the senate, house of representatives, and other loyal men at that capitol beg leave to indorse unqualifiedly and cordially a request to you, which we understand is being signed by members of the State convention and other loyal persons in attendance there, asking your concurrence in and direction of an order to the following effect:

Let the committee of safety, as are referred to (and others if necessary) in connection with the military commander in each county, select, say, ten or fifteen prominent and wealthy rebel sympathizers in each township, and notify them by general order that they and their property will be held responsible for the safety of the persons and property of all the loyal men of their township.

