
opposed to the now dominant party in your county. My own opinion is that you need have no such fears. There are none so unwise as to longer entertain the most glimmering hope of Missouri's return to the powers of rebellion. There is not a rebel of any intelligence who does no know and feel that Missouri is forever established in and wedded to the Federal Union. Slavery, the handmaid of treason, is dead, and freedom is ineffaceably written in our organic law, and the sweeping tide of popular sentimental will bear these along with you. The result of the late election in Missouri gives irrefragable evidence of this. It is natural for men to give in their adhesion to the ruling idea of the age, and to adopt their actions to the exacting order of things. It is a wise philosophy in our Government to accept the voice of overwhelming majorities as the interpretation of the interest of individuals and the correct policy of the nation. This is true when reason and not force controls the expression of the sentiments of the majority. So we have a right to presume that these men will act and vote with us if we can keep down violence and armed power inimical to the loyal Government. The immovable relation of the State to the Union and the abolition of slavery will of itself harmonize the vote of Missouri with Republican principles. The remaining question is, how is the peace of the country to be secured? For unless we are able to rid your country of bushwhackers and robbers all the other aspects of the case are nothing, practicably. The military force at my command is so small that I cannot cover your county with soldiers, if this were desirable. I must, therefore, rely in some measure on the active and hearty con-operation of your people. I have already issued a general order for the organization of the loyal citizens of the district into local companies, the basis and details of which I think you will approve. Colonel Harding, now commanding that sub-district, will superintend the organization in your county. It is be controlled by loyal, honest, capable men. If possible, I want you to give me at least three companies in your county. Men who desire protection must help protect themselves, and the man who refuses to do so need except nothing from the Government. I will give you all the regular force at my disposal. Men and families who do not co-operate with you, or who feed, harbor, or encourage bushwhacking and invasions must quit the country. Their very position will subject them to a strict responsibility for the outrages, &amp;c, m of their friends. We will never get rid of these outlawed bands while their families and friends are permitted to remain among us. Equally obnoxious and hurtful to the public good are that class of men claiming to be Unistis who compose self-constituted organizations and go out, under the semblance of warring with bushwhackers, to pilfer, rob, and steal, that gain may come to themselves. These things are a disgrace to a good cause and base slander on loyalty. They will not be tolerated, and I shall pursue the same policy toward them as those who do these things under the colors of the Stars and Bars. If I continue in this command you may rely upon my support in the good work proposed, and I hope to hear of active preparations for farming, trade, and all the busy work of the husbandman and mechanic in your county, encouraging good to stay with you and not leave the country in despair, ad many are preparing to do. Let us go to work in earnest, and no our enemies say that we have reclaimed Missouri to the Union, but have for our possession a desolation and waste.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

