
Resolved, That it is the firm conviction of this body, founded on facts constantly within our observation, that adoption of this measure everything must be given up to the control of hostile Indians.

S. M. KIRKPATRICK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

O. P. MASON,

President of the Council.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 17, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have been informed that an influential Mexican wrote to his brother in Valencia County, on the Rio Grande, that unless the people there opposed the organization of the Navajoes at the Bosque Redondo, and unless they succeeded in having the Navajoes get back to their own country all of the Government business which has hitherto been so beneficial to that country, by passing trans of supplies to the old Navajo country and the employment of means of transportation for army purposes in that country, would cease. There can hardly be a doubt but that here are a set of demagogues who foresee that when the Indians are all colonized there will be no further need of the immense expenditures which have hitherto been incurred in keeping troops in New Mexico, and make that one of the points to oppose so important measure. It is well to remember the machinations of parties to keep up the Florida. In my opinion, this idea of losing the Government patronage for New Mexico when the Indian difficulties should come to an end with a certain set who care nothing for the poor or for the future of the country is one great element of opposition to the measure. I can prove by figures, if necessary, that to place and keep the Indians on any reservation in their own country-for example, on the San Juan, the only place which even those who wish them moved easy they could occupy-would cost more than three times as much as to keep them where they are. If those who wish them moved will name the place west of the Rio Grande where they would put them I will measure the distances, survey the ground, get bids for freight, calculate the cost of the forts, the number and cost of the various garrisons, the cost of food, and prove by positive data what, without going into minute details, I here state. You had better by far move them to Kansas or Missouri, for then you take them where provisions are cheap.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Summer, N. Mex., January 17, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a copy of private letter written by me to Honorable James Harlan, U. S. Senator from Iowa and a leading member of Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. I did not write the letter

