
o'clock started from the river toward Marion. The guides which Colonel Lieb had furnished reported to me that the day before Lyles' and Dobbin's command had left that part of the country, and that no troops were in that part of the country except General Dobbin with staff and a small escort, who stayed at a certain house about thirteen miles from the river. I had to rely on those guides enof my men nor I had ever been in that part of the country. We marched only about four miles when my advance ran against the rebel pickets. The two vedettes were captured, and from the reserve 1 was killed, 2 wounded, and 2 more taken prisoners; 7 horses were also captured there. The balance of the men got away on account of the darkness. At a trot I moved my men forward into Marion across a bridge over a deep ditch. About half of the men got across when the bridge broke down. The roads forked in town, and I sent about twenty-five men on each of those roads, who were soon engaged in a lively skirmish. In the mean time I learned from prisoners and negroes that Lyles' command, about 400 strong, was on the other side of the town in camp and as soon as the bridge was repaired I withdrew my men, except a small picket on reach of those roads, across the bridge, formed them in line, and concluded to await daylight. At 7 o'clock I fell back one mile, where I fed my horses. I waited there until 11 o'clock, and as by that time I had not received any information about Captain Moore's command I concluded to fall back slowly toward the river, expecting to meet him there. We had continual skirmishing with the enemy, and they kept following us up toward the river. One-half a mile from the river I halted and waited until 3 o'clock, when I put the horses on board of the boat. At 4 o'clock Captain Moore came in with his detachment and reported that he had found several small detachments of the enemy, had several skirmishers, killed 1, wounded 1, and took 1 lieutenant and 7 men prisoners; also captured 8 horses and 3 mules. One of his men was wounded. Captain Moore, not learning of any body of troops being there, joined me by the nearest route, but the distance being farther than was represented was the reason of his delay in not joining me sooner. We embarked in our boats, but on account of the heavy fog did not arrive here until yesterday morning. The result of the expedition was 2 men killed, 3 wounded, and 1 lieutenant and 12 men taken prisoners; also 20 horses and 6 mules captured. The prisoners were turned over to the provost-marshal, and the horses and mules were distributed to the following regiments, viz: Seventh Indiana, 8 horses and 2 mules; Eleventh Illinois, 9 horses and 2 mules; Fourth Illinois, 3 horses and 1 mule and Second Wisconsin 1 mule.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTTO FUNKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Mississippi.

JANUARY 20, 1865. - Skirmish near Fort Larned, Kans.

Report of Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., February 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that the coach from the east arrived here on the 1st

