
tion. None of them came in, for they expected, as had been customary when hard pressed, they would be permitted to make a treaty of peace; but General Carleton conducted his campaign in a manner that soon convinced them that he meant what he said, and the result was that about 9,000-over two-thirds certainly of the entire tribe-surrendered themselves to the forces under his command as prisoners, and were sent by him to this reservation for safe-keeping, where they now are. When they surrendered something had to be done with them. The general could not kill them. No humane Christian man would approve of that method of disposing of these savages. After all the fruitless campaigns and the immense expense of the Government in conquering this people he could not send them back to their country and thereby permit a renewal of the old horrors and difficulties.

The Indians Department was not prepared o take charge of them, for they had neither the supplies to feed them nor the force to guard them. The general the wisely, I think, sent them to his reservation, where ample ground, fit for cultivation, could be procured to make them as nearly self-sustaining as possible. The judge will tell you what a magnificent valley this is. He will explain to you fully the progress made in opening a farm for these Indians, and what reasonable prospects there are that the Indians will be able to raise sufficient to maintain themselves. He will tell you of all the efforts made by General Carleton to reclaim these Indians from their savage course of life and bring them to the ways of civilization, of the hospital, of the school, &amp;c. ; of the contentment of these people, and of their entire harmlessness under the military supervision now exercised over then. The judge will also explain the manner in which rations are issued, and will show you that there never has been the same number of people subsisted with the same economy. He has no more doubt than I have that with the aid of the military at this post these Indians will produce on the farm now being prepared for them sufficient for their subsistence. Every intelligent man in the Territory with whom I have conversed admits that it is better and cheaper for the Government to keep these people on the reservation, and feed them even delicacies, than to allow the former state of affairs to exist; but if they can be made to produce sufficient to subsist themselves so much the better. And the whole question resolves itself into this, would it be better to send them back to their own country and allow the old condition of perpetual warfare to be resumed, or would it be wiser, now that we have them where we can keep a military supervision over them, and where we have every prospect of making them support themselves, to continue the present state of peace and security and give these savages the benefit of the energetic efforts now being made for their civilization? That there is opposition to this settlement of the Navajoes on this or on any other reservation, where they will be under military supervision, is not surprising. Indian agents, whose duty it has been to pay the Indians their annuities, and to deliver to them the presents appropriated by Congress, and who have never visited the Indians at all, but have appropriated to themselves the bounty of the Government to these people, of course are not favorable to any arrangement that will take from them that which by custom they have come to consider their rightful perquisites. I send you by the judge the report of a board of officers to show you how faithfully the $100,000 appropriated by the last session of Congress was expended for the benefit of the Indians, and I really have no doubt but that they received more in this instance than they usually do from such appropriations. Contractors who furnish supplies for the Indian campaigns

