
and Indian traders also oppose any settlement of Indian difficulties, but no right-minded man in New Mexico desires that the present experiment be abandoned without a fair trial.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Fort Summer.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Summer, N. Mex., January 15, 1865.

Honorable t. W. WOOLSON,

Special Commissioner, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: In response to you written inquiries handed me this day, I have the honor to submit the following: First. "Fort what length of time have you on hand supplies sufficient for the Navajo Indians in your charge?" Attached hereto you will find a very careful estimate made by the commissary of subsistence of this post, which answers that question. Second. "What sum will be necessary to be appropriated by Congress for the support of these Indians in addition to the products of the lands worked for their benefit for the year ending July 1, 1866?" In my opinion no appropriation will be necessary for their food. We will succeed this season in planting and cultivating at least 6,000 acres of land; 1,500 pounds of grain per acre is less than an ordinary yield, and should the season be favorable we may count upon a yield of 2,000 pounds per acre. Supposing the yield to be 1,500 pounds per acre, the products of the 6,000 acres would be 9,000,000 pounds of grain, which would furnish the Navajoes on the reservation a fraction less than three pounds for each Indian per day for 365 days. Should the yield be 2,000 pounds per acre, then the amount of grain produced will be 12,000,000 pounds, which would furnish two and three-quarters pounds each for 12,000 Indians for 365 days. Experience has taught that these Indians can be subsisted with a reasonable degree of comfort on two pounds of solid food per day. To the yield of the farm may be added the product of the gardens, which will be considerable, so that it is safe to conclude that there will be amply sufficiency produced on the farm to subsist the Indians now here in the most bountiful manner, and which be economy be made sufficient to subsist not only those now here, but any others that may come into the reservation. It, remains, them to consider what appropriation will be necessary for clothing and farming utensils. It is difficult to estimate what will be necessary for clothing. They exhibit wonderful ingenuity in converting every thing that falls into their hands into some description of garment useful to shield them from the cold. The hides of all animals that come into their possession are at once converted into useful wearing apparel, and all the wool that they can procure is woven by their women into blankets of a very fine quality, and of which they make garments for the women and children. As to the farming utensils, it is hoped that by care those now in use on the farm, and which have already been estimated for by the commissary of subsistence of this post, will be sufficient or nearly so for the next season. I would say, however, that an appropriation of $100,000, to be expended by the commissary for such articles as may be estimated for by the commander of this department, would be sufficient, and in this connection I would recommend that instead of spending money in purchasing blankets in New York or other Eastern cities for the Indians, the por-

