
tion of money intended for that purpose be expended in this Territory for wool to be distributed among them, out of which they may manufacture their own clothing. This will furnish the women and children with useful occupation, and the clothing manufactured by them will be of much better quality and will please them much better than anything that cen be distributed. In my opinion $10,000 expended in wool and distributed to the different families would be of more utility than $30,000 expended in blankets. Third. "What number of acres will the Navajoes under your superintendence be able to put in corps the coming season?" we calculate confidently that we will succeed in cultivating at least 6,000 acres. Fourth. "Please give me any further suggestions which you may esteem important a correct understanding of the subject, i. e., the support of the Navajoes. " All the suggestions that I have to make on this subject are contained in my answer to your second question. Fifth. "What was the value of the goods, &amp;c., distributed to the Navajoes, and that were bought by Leavenworth and Barker, commissioners, with the $100,000 appropriated by the last session of Congress, and what was character of the goods, &c., and how and by whom distributed?" Attached hereto you will find the report of board of officers appointed by me for the purpose of making an examination of these goods and observing the manner of their distribution. This report contains all the information in my possession.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Fort Summer.

[JANUARY 18, 1865. - For Halleck to Grant and Grant to Halleck, in regard to co-operation between Canby and Thomas, see Vol XLV, Part II, p. 609.]

CITY POINT, VA., January 18, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

It will not do for Canby to rely on either Granger or Hurlbut as first in command of any important campaign.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP FAIRY,

Eastport, Miss., January 18, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Lieu. Commander J. P. Foster, commanding Third District of this squadron, reports to me, under date of January 8, that on the 7th instant he was informed by a man named Carr, who keeps a wood yard just above the mouth of Red River, that in a recent conversation with a man from Alexandria he had learned that the rebels had brought down most of their heavy boats from Shreveport for the purpose of protecting the workmen now employed on the fortifications as Pineville, opposite Alexandria; also that there is now more water on the shoals at Alexandria than there has been for years.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

