HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office their 18th day of January, 1865: Lars Larsen, a deserter from Jones' (rebel) battery, Brownsville, Tex., makes the following statement-He left Brownsville January 5, 1865. States that there are about 1,100 soldiers at or near Brownsville and 700 at or near Ringgold Barracks. All are mounted. At Galveston (which place he visited in September, 1864) there were about 1,400 infantry acting as heavy artillery, and two batteries containing eight guns and about 170 men. There were four forts, viz, Jackson, Fort Point, Magruder, and South Battery, each mounting five guns, and a small redoubt mounting two guns. Two forts (Bankhead and Moore) had no guns at that time. There were breast-works around the city. He states also that the crops in Texas during the past year have been heavy. W. S. Nations, a refugee from Texas, states that he crossed the Rio Grande September 5, 1864. At Eagle Pass, on the Rio Grande, are about sixty men; at Fort Clark about 150 men; at Brownsville are about 850 mounted men and one company of artillery (six guns). no new fortifications at Brownsville. Thomas H. Murray, a deserter from Hobby's (rebel) regiment, states that Major General J. G. Walker commands the Department of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona (First District of Trans-Mississippi Department), and that Brigadier-General Hawes commands Defenses of Galveston. States that blockade-running was very brisk at Galveston, steamers running in shore and under the protection of Fort Magruder. Much discontent exist among the troops, who have not been paid for eighteen months. Rations are scant and soldiers are obliged to furnish their own clothing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain anc Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 18, 1865.

Colonel C. L. HARRIS, Brashear City:

You will at once send a gun-boat and seventy-five men, with three days' rations, up Lake Palourde as far as the water will permit toward Grass Lake, for the purpose of securing the rebel conscripting party, if possible. A party of cavalry will be sent out from Napoleonville, Lake Palourde, as far as possible toward Grass Lake.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 17. Little Rock, Ark., January 18, 1865.

* * * *

5. The Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry Volunteers will concentrate at Hickory Station, on the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad, and guard

