
that point and Fort Minor. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for equipage and stores if necessary.

* * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 18, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SHALLER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: In carrying out the inclosed Order, Numbers 6*, the major-general commanding desires that you will do it with firmness, but not harshly nor hastily. Able-bodied male persons will in no case be exempted. Attention in invited to the President's supplementary proclamation, dated March 26, 1864, in General Orders, Numbers 242, of 1864,+ and to General Orders, Numbers 31, paragraph 5, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, of 1864#. In case of females and aged or infirm men who own or control property that may be used for public purposes, the same general remarks will apply, but in deciding where they shall go, North or south, you will use your discretion after careful inquiry in each case, having always in view the public good rather than the wishes of the parties concerned. Where the head of a family (male) is permitted to take the oath of allegiance, it is not necessary, except in extreme cases, to extend the privilege to the families of the household.

Very respectfully,

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Buford, Clayton, Thayer, McGinnis, Salomon, and Colonel Ryan.)
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 18, 1865.

Lieutenant G. W. KNIGHT,

Commanding Officer of Detachment on duty with the Telegraph Party:

You will move out along the line of telegraph poles now erected until you reach the working party. You will then notify Mr. Thomas Cunniffe, who has charge of the party, of your presence and your instructions. You will make such disposition of your men as will insure the best protection to the workmen and the telegraph properties, keeping your party always in such close proximity to each as to make it easy to until on any one point. After reaching Saint Charles you may take River transportation back, if it is to be hand, without delay, or otherwise you will march into camp as soon as the line is completed to Saint Charles. Beyond that point guards will be furnished the telegraph party. You are particularly enjoined not to allow your men to straggle during the trip, but keep them constantly on the lookout for small parties that might annoy the telegraph party. No marauding or pillaging will

*See January 14, p. 516.

+See Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 916.

#See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 465.

