
be tolerated under any circumstances. You are supplied all the ration you are likely to require, but should you fall short they may be obtained at Saint Charles.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

DARDANELLE, January 18, 1865-8 p. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Last night camp-fires of the enemy were seen by our scouts in five directions. From other sources I learn that the enemy is concentrating for an attack on this place. They say they will compel the evacuation of Fort Smith, and will hold this place for that purpose. Last night they were within eighteen miles of us. I think in probable that they will attack to-morrow a. m. From pieces of charred wreck and a report received by a woman, I believe they have succeeded in destroying one of the boats last evening at or near Morrison's Bluff, seven miles above Clarksville. I do not think it advisable to send up another fleet; River falling too rapidly from them to go through.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 17. Vicksburg, Miss., January 18, 1865.

I. The Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Volunteers Cavalry will at once embark one the transports they came on to this place and proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn. On arriving at that city the commanding officer will report to Major-General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi. The command will take on board then days' rations and ten days' forage. The quartermaster's department will furnish the steamers with coal and dry wood, if possible, sufficient to make the trip without any stoppage between here and Memphis. the commanding officer will give instructions to the officers in command of the detachments on the several boats that no stoppage be made between this place and Memphis but what is absolutely necessary.

II. the six companies of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry will at once get readily to embark and take with them all their camp and garrison equipage, horse, mules, transportation, and property. They will take on board the boats ten days' rations and ten days' forage, and proceed to Memphis, Tenn. On arrival there the commanding officer will report to General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish, if possible, fuel sufficient for the boats to make the trip without stoppage from here to Memphis. The commanding officer will issue orders that the boats do not stop at any point between here and Memphis except absolutely necessary. Every officer or man in any manner detached from the Fifth Illinois Cavalry within this district will be at once relieved and sent to their command.

* * * *

By command of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

