SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 15. Saint Louis, Mo., January 18, 1865.

* * * *

2. Company G, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, is relieved from duty in the Third Sub-District, and will proceed to Saint Louis and report for duty to Colonel Weydemeyer, commanding First Sub-District. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,Major Fiftieth Missouri Vols. and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS POST SALEM,

Salem, Mo., January 18, 1865.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla District:

SIR: A scout of some citizens, which I sent out a few days since, came across one notorious bushwhacker, Dock Lawson. He endeavored to make his escape. They fired on him and killed him; captured his horses and arms. This Lawson has been one of the leading bushwhackers in this vicinity. they also brought in two prisoners belonging to Colonel Freeman's command, and brought in two Government wagons found hid in a cave on Piney Creek near Clark's. One of the wagons has been burned; the other is serviceable yet. Bushwhackers seem to be scarce in this vicinity for the present. To prevent them from coming into the county it would be a great benefit to the people to put some twenty-five men at Stephens' Mill, on Current River, as this is the only mill on Current River or [in] this county, and the only dependence for a great many loyal people and soldiers' families to get their grinding, and if there are no troops kept there it will be burned. The owner is a loyal man and would be safe, and the troops would be in no danger. It is sixteen miles from Salem and is on their pass way into the vicinity of Rolla, and there is plenty of forage there for that number of men. I can send that amount from here, if it is approved by the district commander, and would assist this place in routing them more than scouting all the time.

Captain, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Post, &amp;c.

WARRENSBURG, January 18, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Scouts all in from La Fayette and Saline. Five or six scattering bushmen found in former county. Report of bushwhackers in Saline false. A party claiming to be loyal men were detected stealing and marauding at night under the guise of rebels in vicinity of Miami. Proof seems clear. Will arrest them. Shall send scouts immediately back to these counties and keep them moving.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

37 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

