
WARRENSBURG, January 18, 1865.

Captain MEREDITH,

Commanding, Lexington, Mo.:

Scout left here this morning for Sni Hills, and will pass down through Greenton Valley. You will co-operate with it.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 18, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Missouri:

SIR: In compliance with instructions contained in circular from department headquarters, I have the honor to make the following semimonthly report of operations in this command for the information of the general commanding: On the 2nd day 24 of January, instant, a copy of General Orders, 234, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, was received, extending the district northward to the Osage River. Posts were at once established at Linn Creek and in the vicinity of Osceola, and detachments were sent to each of these places for the purpose principally of recuperating their unserviceable horses. Company K, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry, having been transferred to the District of Rolla by Special Orders, 358, department headquarters, was order to proceed to Licking, in Texas County. with these exceptions the troops at the several posts in this district remain as before. A scouting party from Forsyth under the command of Captain Fenex, Company M, Seventy-third Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, returned to Forsyth on the 5th instant, having scouted through Carroll, Marion, and Newton Counties, Ark. Captain Fenex found no organized bands of rebels, but that some 200 or 300 were scattered about the country in various directions, disorganized, and without any concert of action. Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, arrived at Cape Girardeau on the 11th instant. He reports that the brigades of Feeman, McRea, and Dobbin were in the vicinity of Batesville, Ark., scattered about the country and unwilling to concentrate for offensive purposes, and expresses his belief that they cannot be again concentrated. Captain Fenex has this day brought in eleven prisoners of Alfred Cook's band. He reports having caught Alfred Cook and fifteen of his men in a cave east of Sugar Loaf Prairie. Eleven of these surrendered, but Cook, Brown, and two others refused to surrender and were killed. Major Moore, Fifteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, has been absent on a scout in Arkansas for the last ten days with about sixty men. He moved from Cassville and has not yet returned or reported. Colonel Buck Brown with about 200 men is in vicinity of Cane Hill, Ark., and Colonel Snavels [Schnable] has about 150 men with him in the vicinity of North Fork of White River. These are they only organized forces of the enemy at this time near the district. There are no guerrillas in the district, unless a few prowling in Newton and McDonald Counties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

