SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 15. Fort Leavenworth, January 18, 1865.

* * * *

5. Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Plumb, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, will report with his command to Colonel J. H. Ford, commanding District of Upper Arkansas, for duty.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Paul, January 18, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of an extract from a dispatch of Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender, commanding Second Sub-District, dated [January] 12, 1865, detailing his operation in carrying out my instructions for removal of straggling Indians to the west side of James River, &amp;c. An application has been made by Major J. R. Brown, special military agent, for permission for the friendly Sisseton Indians to be located at some point not very distant from Fort Wadsworth and under the protection of the military force at that post, that they may be enabled to plant corn, &c., in the spring. I can perceive no objection to this proposition if intended only as a temporary measure pending the decision of the Government on the policy to be adopted in locating the Indians permanently. It would certainly be unjust to drive these people to a distance from our military forces before a general pacification takes place on the border, for they would be subjected ta abuse and ill-treatment by the hostile savages for having made peace with the Government. In my judgment their present location near Fort Wadsworth would place them where they could be made serviceable as scouts in checking raiding parties bound for the settlements. For these reasons I respectfully recommend that Major Brown be authorized to select a proper locality within a specified distance of Fort Wadsworth, not more remote than the James River (between thirty and forty miles) from the post, whereon to concentrate these friendly Indians, and that authority be further given to me to furnish them with such seed cron, potatoes, and other vegetables as will aid them in subsisting themselves without other expense to the Government.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., January 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, commanding District of Minnesota, who will use his own judgment as to allowing the friendly Sisstons in question to be permitted to locate near Fort Wadsworth. General Sibley is authorized to furnish them seed corn, potatoes, and vegetables for planting in limited quantities.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

