
instant, bringing news to the effect that the sutler trains destined for Fort Lyon, which left Fort Larned on the 17th day of January, 1865, with an escort of twenty-five First Veteran Cavalry of Colorado and six men of the Second Colorado Cavalry, were attacked by a party of Indians when three days this side of Fort Larned. Our loss was 1 man killed and 2 wounded, viz: Private Fields, Second Colorado Cavalry, killed; Robert F, Cole, Company A, First Veteran Cavalry of Colorado, severely wounded; Private Donahue, Second Colorado Cavalry, severely wounded. The Indians lost 3 killed and 3 wounded. They were supposed to be Cheyennes and Arapahoes, and numbered about forty-five. The train returned to Fort Larned. I inclose a rough sketch* of the defenses I am throwing up at this post. The nature of the ground requires the peculiar construction represented in the draft. I will continue to keep the colonel commanding advised of any movements of importance in this vicinity as frequently as possible.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Veteran Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant IRA I. TABER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Colorado.

JANUARY 21-22, 1865. - Expedition from Brashear City to Bayou Sorrel, La.

Report of Lieutenant Richard Caddell, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

BRASHEAR CITY, LA., January 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders, I embarked on gun-boat 43 at 3. 30 p. m. on the 21st instant with twenty men of Company D, Eleventh Infantry Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, and proceeded to the mouth of Bayou Groesbeck, on Bayou Long; there disembark in small boats and went up the bayou about three-quarters of a mile; landed and divided my men in squads and made a thorough search of the land on both sides of the bayou for a distance of one mile, when I came to a small bayou which connects with Bayou Groesbeck. About sixty yards up this bayou I found a small palmetto tent which evidently had been occupied by two men. In it was a small anchor for sinking torpedoes, which I sunk in the bayou. But failing to discover the torpedoes, I embarked my command and went up to Bayou Millian Point, where I disembark with four men and proceeded to the house of William Duvall, a private of Company B, Twenty-sixth Louisiana, whom I captured. I then proceeded to the mouth of Bayou Sorrel, where I disembarked and secreted six men, with instructions to stop boats coming down Bayou Long and going up Bayou Sorrel. From here I went to Mr. Hebert's, leaving four men there to guard that point, and from thence to Mason's, and searched the premises for John Spence. Failing to find him, I returned to Hebert's called in the guard which I had left there, and went had captured Sergt. James Malcon and Private John S. Hebert, of Company B, Twenty-sixth Louisiana, during my absence. I again embarked and went down the bayou to the mouth of Bayou Groesbeck. Here I secreted nine men, and proceeded with the remainder to the est side

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

