HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, January 19, 1865-4. 40 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

Order to send about 1,000 cavalry to Memphis received. The First Iowa Cavalry and Second Missouri Cavalry are ordered and will be put en route at once. Full report by mail.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

DARDANELLE, January 19, 1865-10 p. m.

(Via Lewisburg.)

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Courier in from Colonel Judson, commanding at Clarksville, states that a force of the enemy on south bank of the River near Roseville fired upon the boats coming from Fort Smith, capturing and burning the Chippewa. The other three ran to north side of River near Ivey's Ford, more or less injured by the enemy's fire. Judson sent them assistance. Scouts report firing in that direction last evening and this a. m. Scouts report the enemy to have moved camp to within eight miles on Rocky Crossing road, having been re-enforced by Parsons, of Texas, and waiting for the co-operation of the now engaged on the boats before attacking him. Do you wish the force here to remain longer than to insure to safe passage of the boats down River; that is, if the rebels leave any of them in a condition to run down? The River will soon be fordable above this point.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 18. Little Rock, Ark., January 19, 1865.

* * * *

5. The Sixty-sixth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry now at Saint Charles will proceed to Devall's Bluff, Ark., and report for temporary duty to Brigadier-General Shaler, commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

12. The First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major-General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, for temporary duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

13. The detachment of Second Missouri Cavalry serving in this department will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major-General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, for temporary duty. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

