
would have been more appropriate your communication should have been addressed. I shall forward it to him, with such remarks as the case appears to render necessary. I can assure you, gentlemen, that so far from wishing to impose unnecessary hardships on loyal citizens, it will always be his desire to afford them all facilities, liberties, and protection compatible with just regard for his high duties in protecting and furthering the interests of the Government, and bringing this war to a successful close. A soldier by instinct and education, his restrictions are only such as in his judgment will be required for the public safety, and it is not to be presumed, with his superior information in that regard, he will not, in some respects, differ in opinion with those whose profession is not war, but mercantile business and trade, and whose views would necessarily be more or less molded by their habits of thought and training. I proceed to remark, briefly, on the six points you present. First. This hardship is one of the consequences of war, not of unnecessary military orders, and gives all just men, whether civilians or soldiers. Second. The class of men alluded to will always find asylum and protection within the Union lines, and would be welcomed and applauded should they express a desire to take up arms to assist in punishing and destroying their wicked persecutors. Third. This complaint also is against the hardships of war and the acts of rebels. Fourth and fifth. I think you have fallen into error in the latter of these two. The following figures will give you better information and enable you to correct the impression that orders are issued for the purpose of annulling the President's instructions: Up to noon of to-day the cotton-permit office had been fairly open fourteen and one-half working days, and in that time had issued 370 safeguards and permits, amounting to 38,335 bales, besides 30,150 pounds of seed cotton. I very much deprecate the tone of the assertions and argument in these clauses. Whilst I decline to enter into any expressions of opinion or discussion of the propriety of any action my superiors may think proper, or of the orders the highest officials in the land see fit to give-my duty and inclinations being only to obey-I feel bound to differ entirely with you in your conclusions. Sixth. I wish I could congratulate you on the ground that your assertion in undeniable and an axiom, and I hope very soon to be able to do so. In conclusion, I invite your special attention to Paragraphs II and VII of General Orders, Numbers 33*, and to latter part of paragraph 6 to paragraph 12 of General Orders, Numbers 80+, both from the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, series of 1864.

With sentiments of respect, I remain, gentlemen, faithfully, your servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CUSTOM-HOUSE, PADUCAH, KY., January 6, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have been thinking for some time that I would write you in reference to trade at this post, but have deferred the matter in the hope that military changes would transpire that would obviate such a thing. The trade from here to your district is very heavy at this time, all passing the picket-line at this place under permit from board of trade instituted here by the military authorities. These parties represent themselves as living in Kentucky. In this way the border

*See Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 533.

+See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 787.

