
counties of Tennessee, and as low down as Madison, have become vast storehouses. There is no revenue collected on the goods now going into your district under present regulations. I would respectfully ask your co-operation with me to protect the interest of the Government. It would be better far if you would open West Tennessee to trade, then we could collect some of the revenue any way. Large amount of cotton is being brought in from Tennessee without a regular permit, which the military here ought to seize, still they will no do it. Under regulations of July 29, 1864, I can only permit goods to such districts and places where the military declare actual occupation. Now, the people of your district pay no respects to any of the orders prohibiting trade in insurrectionary districts. Would in not be better, in view of all the facts, to open trade and left the Government collect the revenue she is justly entitled to?

Believing you fully comprehend my object without saying any more, I respectfully subscribe myself, yours &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. REDD,

Surveyor of Customs.

GENERAL ORDERS, MISS. SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP FAIRY, Numbers 29. Eastport, Miss., January 19, 1865.

I. So far as the provisions of the annexed General Orders, Numbers 1*, issued by Major-General Canby, concerns the navy, divisions and other commanding officers are hereby required to observe and enforce them.

II. Boats crossing the River at a military post are not subject to interruption by the navy.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 14. Natchez, Miss., January 19, 1865.

I. The Fifth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry will at once embark for Memphis, Tenn. Ten days' rations and forage will be issued to the regiment. All officers and enlisted men of that regiment now serving on detached service within the District of Natchez are hereby relieved, and will proceed with the regiment.

2. The Second New Jersey Cavalry, having reported for duty in this district, is hereby assigned to the command of Colonel F. W. Moore, Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Provisional Brigade.

3. Inclusive of this present duties Colonel B. G. Farrar, Sixth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, is assigned to the command of the post of Natchez. General Orders, Numbers 80, series of 1864, of Military Division of West Mississippi; circular of the Department of Mississippi of December 16, 1864; General Orders, Numbers 34, of 1864, of the District of Vicksburg, and the letter of Major-General Dana of January 13, 1865, on the subject of passes and permits, are specially presented to his attention.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 400.

---------------

