
OMAHA, January 19, 1865.

(Received 5. 10 a. m. 20th.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The renewal of hostilities by the Indians on our frontier and on the telegraph and mail line west calls for more troops. Can you send at least one regiment of cavalry to our aid at once?

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor.

A. S. PADDOCK,

Secretary.

O. P. MASON,

President of Council.

S. M. KIRKPATRICK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives, Nebraska.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., January 19, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT LYON, COLO. TER.:

SIR: The colonel commanding desires me to inform you that Brigadier-General Mitchell, commanding District of Nebraska, is now organizing at Cottonwood Station, on the Overland line, to strike the Indians congregated in that section of country. It is very probable that they may be driven down your way, so that you will by a careful scouting party inform yourself of their movements and be ready to strike them on their approach. They are making serious trouble on the Overland line, and it is possible that they may come this way, in which case you will be notified. The colonel commanding also directs that you keep constant communication with Camp Fillmore and these headquarters, and that you also keep your command compactly together, so as to be able to move to any point at a moment's warning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 2. Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 19, 1865.

I. In order to have all the troops which can be spared from other necessary duties in a position in time to assist during the approaching spring and summer in making the routes safe leading from New Mexico to the Arkansas River, the following is ordered, viz: The company of the Fifth U. S. Infantry now at Fort Wingate, Company L, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, now at Fort Summer, and Company C of that regiment, now at Fort Bascom, will without delay take post at Fort Union. Company M, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, will for the present remain at Fort Bascom. The commanding officer of Franklin, Tex., will send a portion of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, under an energetic to San Elizario, Tex., to relieve at that outpost Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers, which will then march to Las Cruses, N. Mex. Here this company will be joined by Captain French's company, First Veteran Infantry Cali-

