
of Bayou Long, opposite to the mouth of Bayou Groesbeck; disembarked and established a picket. About two hours after I had posted the pickets I discovered a boat coming down the bayou with one man in it, which I brought to, and the occupant proved to be Second Lieutenant C. Pennison, Company B, Twenty-sixth Louisiana Infantry, whom I took prisoner. Here I remained until sunrise on the 22d, when I embarked and return to Millian Point, where I disembarked and awaited the return of the gun-boat from Belle River, she having gone there to anchor. The boat arrived at 8 a. m. when I embarked and returned to Brashear City, arriving at 2 p. m. The prisoners I turned over to Lieutenant S. E. Shepard provost-marshal, Brashear City, La.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD CADDELL,

Second Lieutenant Company D, Eleventh Wisconsin Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain R. E. JACKSON

Post Adjutant.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Breast City, January 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Learning that a few rebel soldiers were in Bayou Long in charge of a torpedo and their whereabouts, I sent Lieutenant Caddell and twenty men of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry up in the gun-boat 43 to capture them. For particulars of the expedition I refer you to his report

C. L. HARRIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

JANUARY 22, 1865. - Skirmish on the Benton Road, near Little Rock, Ark.

Report of Captain William Hawley, Third U. S. Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD U. S. CAVALRY.

Little Rock, Ark., January 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report as field officer of the day. Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, that I visited the picket on the Benton road at 4 p. m. yesterday upon information received that the patrol on that road had been fired into within a mile and a half of the picket-post. Upon my arrival I found that the patrol, consisting of fifteen men and an officer, had been ambuscaded while on their return trip by a force of about twenty-five or thirty of the enemy. The enemy allowed the patrol to pass on until it arrived directly opposite their line, when they opened a flanking fire upon it wounding 3 men, 1 of whom they captured. There are also 3 men missing, making a total of 6 men. I remained at the picket-post until 3 o'clock this morning, and finding everything quiet I proceeded to visit the pickets at the Big and Little Maumelle, Fort Smith, and upper-river roads, and found everything correct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HAWLEY,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Field Officer of the day.

Lieutenant LYMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

