
of products except on regular permits from O. N. Culter. I wrote Admiral Lee a letter on this subject two weeks since, and hope to get an answer by next mail.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. CORNWELL,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Second Div., Mississippi Squadron.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 20th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant J. M. Haff, Thibodeaux, January 18, 1865, states that four deserters came within the Federal line on the 15th instant and made the following statements; Brigadier General Joseph Brent commands the rebel forces on the Lower Teche, headquarters at Bayou Bourbeaux, six miles from Opelousas. His command consists of a regiment of cavalry (ten companies) and two independent companies, stationed, respectively, at Franklin and Fausse Pointe. These troops have not been paid in two years, and very much discontent exists among them. They talk freely of deserting. They state there is no artillery this side of Opelousas, and they think none this side of Alexandria. Eighteen deserters came into Donaldsonville on the 17th instant. Captain Frederick H. Man, Morganza, La., in a communication, dated January 18, states that the Third Arkansas Cavalry (rebel) are on this side the Atchafalaya near Morganza, and that there are indications of and increase of the rebel force in that vicinity. His former reports of the position of rebel troops have been confirmed by deserters and prisoners. A further examination of the deserters Lars Larsen discloses the fact that there are four gun-boats in and around Glaveston Bay, viz, the Colonel Still, mounting two guns; the Diana, well armed; the Bayou City, mounting two guns, and the John F. Carr. There is a small supply boat (the Island City) in the bay. There is at the mouth of the Brazos River a stern-wheel steamer, the Lucy Gwin, and at Sabine the Josiah H. Bell, mounting one 32-pounder and two mountain howitzers (6-pounders).

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 9. Washington, January 20, 1865.

The Territory of Arizona is reannexed to the Department of the Pacific, under the command of Major-General McDowell, headquarters at San Francisco, Cal.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

