HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, January 20, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT PLAQUEMINE:

General Ullmann telegraphs from Morganza that a large force is approaching your position. Throw out your scouts to watch their movements, and keep all the rest of your force in hand to meet any event in the defense of your position. Telegraph direct and immediately to these headquarters all the information you again of the enemy's movement, if there be any enemy.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 19. Little Rock, Ark., January 20, 1865.

* * * *

V. Commanding officer First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, will report with his brigade without delay to Brigadier General E. A. Carr for temporary duty.

VI. Commanding officer Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers will report with his regiment without delay to Brigadier General E. A. Carr for temporary duty.

VII. Commanding officer First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers will report with his regiment without delay to Brigadier General E. A. Carr for temporary duty.

VIII. Commanding officer First Missouri Cavalry Volunteers will report with his regiment without delay to Brigadier General E. A. Carr for temporary duty.

IX. Commanding officer Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery will report with his battery without delay to Brigadier General E. A. Carr for temporary duty.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

]

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,

AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 20, 1865.

The early completion of the works laid out for the defense of the post makes it necessary that every officer and soldier when detailed should use his best endeavors to hasten the progress. There is just so much to do, and will have to contribute their services until completed, whether it occupies a week or a year. In this work, as in all of the soldier's duties, a cheerful and willing obedience to the orders of superior authority is essential and should be given unasked. Reports given in to these headquarters justify the belief that some of the officers in charge of the details have so far forgotten themselves and their duties as to allow the men under to idle away their time and even refuse to require a proper application on the part of the men to their work. Such conduct is only delaying the work, but damaging to the officer's reputation as a soldier and destructive to discipline and good order among the troops. Of course such conduct will not be tolerated. Hereafter the details at each fort and on the road will be under the charge of the senior officer present. Those on the forts will receive

