
alry. There are about 500 serviceable horses in this district, a number entirely insufficient for the service required in it. The daily guards for the mails, escorts for trains, and other immediate special duties employs all the mounted men in northern part of the district, leaving the entire southern counties open to the enemy's prowling bands. There is sufficient corn in the southern counties to forage as many troops as it would be necessary to send there, so that but little or any additional forage would be required at this post. I hear there are small bands of guerrillas prowling about, and the number will probably increase and thus endanger our trains unless active scouting can be done.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, January 20, 1865.

Sergt. HENRY GUNTER,

Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry:

SERGEANT: You will proceed quietly with your detachment of ten men to the bend of the Gasconade River, near Vienna, Maries County, Mo., and remain in that vicinity as much as possible unobserved by the people, except when necessary to ask for information, and, if possible, destroy or capture a gang of robbers or guerrillas infesting that county, and stopping in the bend above mentioned. You will return with your detachment within six days from date, and report your success to these headquarters.

By order of the general commanding:

Very respectfully,

[W. D. HUBBARD,]

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., January 20, 1865.

WILLIAM MULLINS, ESQ.,

Henry County, Mo.:

SIR: It having been represented to these headquarters that your neighborhood is being subjected to raids by an organized band of thieves and marauders, who make their descent in the night from Kansas on your neighbors, and rob, pillage, and murder them, and that you are peaceable, quiet, and well-behaved citizens, and being far removed from any military post, thus leaving you completely at the hands of these brigades and outlaws, you are therefore and hereby authorized to organize the following-named citizens of that locality into a provisional company to protect your lives and property against these bands and all similar ones under whatever name, profession, or color they may come, viz: R. P. Blivins, Jacob Armstrong, N. J. Dunn, George Hungerford, M. J. Elder, John B. Elber, Michael Shatley, William Childress, Jonah Fitzgerald, John Fitzgerald, Moses Gallif, and Ab. Colson. You will have command of this organization and can establish your rendezvous, signals, rallying points, and such rules for your government s may be expedient and necessary. You and your company are authorized to bear arms for the purpose above set forth, and I will

