
approve permits for your to purchase arms and ammunition. Impress upon your organization the object of this permission, and that it must not be abused ro carried beyond its authorized powers. You will make frequent reports to these headquarters of your operations and keep the authorities fully advised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, January 20, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District, Kansas City, Mo.:

COLONEL: Complaint has frequently been made to me by good Union men of Jackson County that self-constituted parties of men, claiming to be loyal, are greatly abusing and imposing on many quiet citizens of that county. Among these the following names have been reported: William Webster, Jim Reed, Daniel Quarles. These men probably once belonged to the Enrolled Militia and continue to wear their uniform, bear arms, and go out of their own motion, under the guise of bunting bushwhackers, and interfere with and pillage unarmed, well-behaved citizens. Such men are brigands, and not to be tolerated. I prefer to have no outsiders in our employ. We can do best with men organized. If these men wish to play soldier, left them join the army and they shall have ample scope and range to show their patriotism. You will stop their operations at once, and if necessary arrest them. You will doubtless find your district much annoyed by organized bands of horse-thieves hovering about the border. Deal with them with vigor and firmness. Such outrages must be stopped to encourage immigration and agriculture. I intrust to your good judgment and policy this means of correcting these wrongs.

I am, colonel, very truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

CASSVILLE, MO., January 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Major Moore has returned. Had good luck, and his scout killed eleven rebels and captured some property without any loss on his part. The train to Cassville will sufficiently guarded, but the escort from that place will be sent on to Fayetteville.

JOHN H. MOORE,

Captain and Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,January 20, 1865-4. 25 p. m.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp, Macon, Mo.:

I shall arrange for Colonel Beveridge to command the district in my absence. Inter nos.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

