SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 15. Macon, Mo., January 20, 1865.

Companies F, G, K, and L, of Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will be concentrated at Macon, Mo., on or before the 25th day of January, 1865, for the purpose of being mustered out of service. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT LEAVENWORTH, January 20, 1865.

Major REYNOLDS,

Wyandotte:

Two pieces of artillery and one company of cavalry will be in Wyandotte at 5 o'clock. Have your troops in line and fire a Federal salute on the arrival of the train, and to-morrow on its departure, and report by telegram.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 20, 1865.

Sergt. D. C. NETTLETON,

Commanding Indian Scouts:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 14th instant. I inclose for your information and guidance the following extracts from report of commanding officer of Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

No Indians have appeared in this immediate vicinity, yet two bands crossed the Arkansas River near the Cimarron Crossing, traveling northward. One party attacked a small party of whites returning from New Mexico, wounding six. The particulars I have not learned. Ed. Gurrier, who was in the Cheyenne camp at the time it was attacked by Colonel Covington on the 29th November, has returned, and reports the Indians have moved from their camp on the Smoky Hill, and to have made camp again on Beaver Creek, more to the north, and about 170 miles from this post. They are about the same in number as previous reports have stated, viz, 1,080 lodges of Sioux, 400 lodges of Cheyennes, and 40 Arapahoes. This would give them about 2,500 fighting men. The trails that have crossed to the north were leading toward their camp, and must have been made by Little Raven's band of Arapahoes or by the Kiowas and Comanches. Black Kettle, Little Robe, and Knock Knee, who were reported killed, are at the main camp alive and well. Captain Soule has just returned from a scout about fifty miles to the north and east. He visited the camp on Sand Creek, where Colonel Covington attacked them. No Indians had been there since Colonel Covington left.

The colonel commanding directs me to state that it is his wish that you should remain in and around Fort Larned, scouting throughly in all directions, reporting often to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NATIONAL HOTEL, Washington, D. C., January 20, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: As I telegraphed, I came to this place a week ago. When I arrived I found yours of the 17th lying here. I found the Secretary

