
of War gone to Savannah. He has just returned. Our delegate, Judge Bennett, and Mr. Otis, of the Overland Stage Line, returned a few days ago from a visit to General Grant in reference our matter on the plains. He made some recommendations, but it is not known what, upon which the Secretary of War has concluded to wait until he comes up, which, it is said, will be in a few days. In this state of affairs and delay it is difficult to move. The excitement in reference to Colonel Covington's attack upon the Indians near Fort Lyon is much in the way of doing anything. General Colonel has made some recommendations to the Department in regard to the defense of our line of communication, which it si rumored will be acted upon soon. In the meantime I trust our people will have been relieved of their terrible isolation by the troops you have sent forward, and that the line of communication will soon be open for their relief. Please inform me by telegraph the situation and prospects upon receipt of this, and very greatly oblige me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Numbers 6. Denver, Colo. Ter., January 20, 1865.

As there seems to be a collision between the civil and military authorities regarding the rights of citizens and soldiers, and as the civil officers throughout the Territory seem efficient and capable of enforcing the laws thereof and city ordinances, the general order issued by the former district commander establishing martial laws is hereby amended and modified as follows:

1. All officers and soldiers in this district are amenable to the civil laws of the land and the regulations and ordinances by which an incorporated city is governed. The fact of being in the military service is no warrant or authority to trespass on the rights and privileges of loyal citizens of the Government; but, on the contrary, military men should be models of subordination and obedience to recognized laws and orders, and should they by mistake or through ignorance violate the rules laid down for our guidance in the daily walks of life, they ought to be the first to make and show due penitence. All true soldiers will.

2. When an officer or soldier is arrested by the civil authority for violent of law and order he is clearly entitled to a fair and impartial trial before the proper tribunal, and the trial should be [immediate], that the country may not be deprived of his services. It is to be hoped that the civil officers will be as lenient and obliging as circumstances will permit, yet firm and equitable in their decisions. Military law at best is arbitrary, and the colonel commanding has been induced to make these modifications through a desire to harmonize and blend together the civil and military powers; yet he does not yield his right to act when in his judgment the civil officers are defied by lawless marauders, or when the interests of the Government are at stake.

By order of Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

