
[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION.

Little Rock, January 23, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, and recommend that the patrol be discontinued. The enemy are invited by it to collect in force and waylay our small parties. I t has been my misfortune to lose from my command within three years more than 100 men while on daily patrol duty. The roads in this country are such that the enemy have every advantage.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

CYRUS BUSSEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, January 23, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

In my opinion a patrol toward Benton should consist of twenty-five to fifty men. The cavalry force here at present is not adequate to furnish that number daily.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 22-FEBRUARY 4, 1865-Expedition from Little Rock to Mount Elba, Ark., with skirmish at Saline River.

Report of Surg. George R. Weeks, U. S. Army

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 5, 1865

SIR: In obedience to your orders I reported to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding expedition to Mount Elaba, on the 22nd of January, 1865, and was assigned as surgeon-in-chief. The command was composed of the First Iowa Cavalry, First Missouri Cavalry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, Forty-third Illinois Infantry, Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry, Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery one section First Arkansas Battery (colored), and pontoon corps. We left Little Rock January 22 at 11 a. m. and arrived at Mount Elba January -, at 1 p. m. Infantry halted here; pontoon was put down; cavalry crossed over the Saline River at 5 p. m. advance on the Camden road twenty-five miles and back to Mount Elba on the next day. On the 29th we commenced our march for Little Rock, where we arrived at 3 p. m. February 4, 1865. The health of the troops was remarkably good during the march; but very few were in the ambulances at any time. One man was killed in a skirmish at Saline River, the only casualty that occurred during the time we were out. (See accompanying report. *) The medical officers all did their duty faithfully and efficiently. I heard of no complaints whatever. I wish to call your attention particularly to Lieutenant Cory, commanding ambulance corps, First Division. He is a good officer, and managed his department very

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

