
mile and a half. They are also planted up the Dog River to within fifty yards of the ferry. Mr. Howell (the informant) assisted in planting 200 of these torpedoes, and is willing to point out their locality. There are three blockade-runners (the Red Gauntlet, Virgin, and Mary), armed with 12 and 18 pounder howitzers, in Mobile Bay used as picket-boats. The water on the western side of the bay is becoming more shallow on account of the obstructions, and there is a greater depth of water on the eastern side from the same cause. About the 6th instant Mr. Howell saw thirty luggers, of between three and five tons burden, in Louisiana Marsh, bound out. They are loaded with flannel, coffee, spirits, medicines, &amp;c. they visit Ocean Springs, Biloxi, Schieldstgone, Pass Christian, and Bay, &c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, January 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left Lakeport on the 16th instant on U. S. steamer Planter arrived at Fort Morgan on the evening of the 17th, and successfully repaired the telegraph cable on the 18th instant, putting in 200 feet of new cable. I returned on the U. S. tug Blossom, inspecting the line in process of constructions to Ship Island. The land portion in completed to Bayou Biloxi. The marsh is much softer than I supposed. Many of the poles required cross-pieces spiked on at the ground to prevent them from sinking out of sight. On account of the bad weather, two days' lost time by the Mexican Gulf Railroad failing to furnish a train for poles as agreed, &c., the progress of the line has not been as great as I had hoped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. FULLER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Assistant Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 21, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER DONALDSVILLE:

General Ullman telegraphs from Morganza that a large rebel force is approaching Plaquemine and the La Fourche country from the Atchafalaya fords. You will at once send a party of cavalry toward Bayou Goula to watch the approaches from that direction. keep a bright lookout; have your fort in good order, and hold your men well in hand in case of an attack. Report anything you may be able to learn in reference to their numbers, destination, or probable route, to these headquarters without delay.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

