HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 21, 1865 - 3. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff, Ark.:

You will hold in readiness to move all the force that can be spared to move in your front from Pine Bluff, and cause it to be reported to Brigadier General E. A. Carr on his arrival at Pine Bluff, which will be on the 24th instant. The Seventh Missouri Cavalry will turn over all its serviceable horses to the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. The Seventh will be held in readiness to move to Illinois Rock for remount.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., January 21, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS:

Am I to infer from your dispatch that I am to turn over to General Carr any infantry force? If so, two regiments can be spared. My effective cavalry force is but 222, but if required can spare them.

Respectfully,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

DARDANVILLE, January 21, 1865 - 12 m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS, Little Rock:

The enemy declines attacking and I think has retraced his steps southward. At 4 o'clock this a. m. sent Captain Hamilton with sixty mounted men of the Third Arkansas Cavalry To Ivey's Ford to ascertain condition of transports and cover any one of them down if in condition to run. Sent fifty infantry twelve miles on same road as support. Also 150 infantry and one piece of artillery, under Lieutenant-Colonel Cooper to Chickalah to draw attention from Hamilton. The infantry and artillery to return to-night. Hamilton to return on north side of River, if he finds the enemy in force on south side. River falling, with three feet of water on bar. Troops getting along well.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. FRONTIER DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort. Smith, Ark., January 21, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: Upon receiving intelligence that the enemy had attacked the boats at Ivey's Ford, forty-seven miles below here, I immediately sent two regiments of colored troops (they not having left) with one piece of artillery, under command of Colonel J. M. Williams, down on the south side of the River, with instructions to keep the River clear of the enemy. I sent one regiment down on the north side with a train. The three regiments comprise all the colored troops there were here.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

