HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., January 21, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I requested that the Indiana Territory be made a separate geographical command, district, or department, for the following reasons: The three Indiana regiments in the Federal service as home guards, for the protection of the loyal element in the Indian Nation, when the white troops retreated from the Indian Nation in July, 1862, were left at Baxter's Springs, on its northern border, except the First Regiment, which retreated to Le Roy, Kans. Under orders from General Blunt, commanding Department of Kansas, I marched the Second and Third Regiments and section of the First Kansas Battery with it to Carthage, Mo., in September, 1862; and, with the Kansas division, these regiments did efficient service in that fall campaign. After the battle of Prairie Grive Major-General Schofield, commanding the army, detached the three Indian regiments (the First Regiment also having rejoined) and added to them part of the Sixth Kansas and Hopkins' battery, and made it once more a separate command in the field, directing that it be employed for its original and legitimate purpose. Leaving their homes exposed, the men of these regiments had cheerfully partaken in the campaign, although out of their own country. January 13, 1863, I received from Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of the Missouri, the command of the two districts of Western Arkansas and of the Indian Nation (Eighth and Ninth), which I held until June of said year, when the districts of General Schofield and General Blunt were extended to the Arkansas River, throwing my command in the Indian Nation into the District of Kansas. These district orders, I submit, merely affected me personally and did not change the separate character of the Indian command, which never has been changed. I was directed by Major-General Curtis, when department commander, to carry out the instructions of the Secretary of the Interior and Indian Commissioner which were sent to me from time to time. When the Indian Nation was attached to the Department of Arkansas there seemed to be some misunderstanding as to the purposes and character of the command. When I left Fort Smith recently I understood that my command would be again defined as a separate command in orders. I have just received a notification to forward all court-martial cases to Fort Smith. I make the recommendation believing that it is for the interests of the Government, the benefit of the loyal Indians, and essential to carry out the purposes for which this command was created. I do not deem it necessary to multiply the other numerous reasons which might be alleged for the request which I desire to bring to your attention.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel Third Indian Regiment, Commanding Indian Brigade.

[JANUARY 21, 1865. - For George H. Thomas to Dana, in regard to operations of Hood's army, see Vol. XlV, Part II, p. 626.]

