HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,Natchez, Miss., January 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: Consequence to my communication of date the 7th instant, asking that a regiment of cavalry might be sent to this district, I have the honor to report the arrival from Memphis of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, and the departure for Memphis of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, each in compliance with orders from the major-general commanding the Department of Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 21. Saint Louis, Mo., January 21, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Companies D and E, Thirty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, will forthwith report for duty to Colonel E. A,. Kutzner, commanding at Glasgow, in the District of North Missouri. Colonel Kutzner is hereby authorized to mount these companies from the contraband stock in his possession, in order that they may be used as cavalry in scouting and hunting down guerrillas in that neighborhood. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to Glasgow.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 21, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that the instructions of the major-general commanding of the 14th instant have been complied with. The detachments at Caledonia and at Potosi (except twenty men at the latter place which are needed for escorts for supplies to Webster) have been removed to Webster, that point, in my judgment, affording a better cover to Potosi and the country north than troops at Potosi. The garrison at Patterson has been strengthened and the post at Centerville reoccupied and temporary shelters for public animals ordered to be built. Company D, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, has been ordered to Cape Girardeau from Farmington. Bloomfield has been strengthened by two companies from Caruthersville, a post now abandoned. The Seventh Kansas Cavalry having been recently remounted, those of that regiment lately guarding the bridges on the Iron Mountain Railroad have been relieved by dismounting men from the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry and ordered to rendezvous at Pilot Knob. I would also state that the evils complained of in Lieutenant-Colonel Murphy's inspections report would have been promptly corrected at the time had the report from which extracts referred to me from department headquarters were taken been submitted to me before being sent

