
to department headquarters. Inclosed you will find an official copy of a letter* from Colonel J. L. Beveridge, commanding Third Sub-District, in relation to the matter, and your attention is respectfully invited to his statements,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

By H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 21, 1865.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that two of the companies that were stationed at Caruthersville have arrived at Bloomfield to garrison that post.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 21, 1865.

Colonel ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

Company D, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, has been ordered from Farmington to report to you. With the two companies from Caruthersville, what will be the strength at Bloomfield? How many infantry and how many cavalry?

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., January 21, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I beg leave to state that I observe among the proceedings of the State legislature that the representative from this county (Hounts) has moved that the legislature request the major-general commanding the department to order the commanding officer of the District of Central Missouri in future to permit loyal men of Johnson County to hold demonstrations whenever they think proper, and further requesting him to dismiss from the service any officer who may hereafter prevent the loyal men from holding meetings to celebrate the late ordinance of emancipation. To prevent misapprehension, and to advise the major-general commanding of the 13th instant the town of Warrensburg was illuminated and quite a gathering was had on the streets. The colored people were brought out, and one McGinnis, keeper of a restaurant, drugs, &amp;c., had begun to address them. The

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

