
crowd grew quite noisy, and a number of soldiers who had left camp began to discharge revolvers near by. Myself and the commanding officer of the post (Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden) were both absent from the post that night, and un apprised, as were other commanding officers, of any intention on the part of citizens to celebrate the emancipation ordinance. The provost-marshal, unaware that any one was speaking, on hearing the unusual uproar on the street and the discharging of arms, sent word to the commanding officer of the provost guard to suppress the disorder. This officers, attracted by the noise, was perhaps already repairing to then spot, and quickly dispersed the soldier and crowd. There was no disposition whatever to interfere with the right of peaceable assembly or the right of speech, the measure sought to be celebrated having the full sympathy of the officers who dispersed this mixed crowd, the sole object being to preserve the peace and good order of the town. On hearing of the disturbance on my return to headquarters next day I made inquiry into the cause, and found nothing to condemn in their conduct under the circumstances. Had the officer known that a speech of the character alluded to was being delivered it was his duty to have suppressed the disturbance and enabled the speaker to proceed. No order is required on me to secure loyal citizens in the right of lawful assembly and free speech. I pledge them the force of arms at my command for their protection when required whenever they may desire to celebrate the ordinance of emancipation, or any other cause in the officer in this command for interference with such meetings the matter shall be promptly investigated and the offender duly punished.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 21, 1865.

LEWIS WILLS, Esq.,

Secretary of Homestead Agricultural Guards, Neosho:

SIR: Your communication of the 11th instant came duly to hand and the contents are noted. The plan proposed by the patriotic citizens in your vicinity to protect their persons and property more fully from guerrillas and robbers meets my hearty approval. United and determined effort on the part of the people now residing in Newton County to protect themselves and maintain law and order cannot fail to secure protection to all, and will soon induce that feeling of security which is essential to prosperity and progress. All citizens able to bear arms in that section should organize into one or more military companies, under General Orders, Numbers 107, series 1864, department headquarters. I will cheerfully lend eery assistance in my power to procure arms and ammunition for the men, and will have the company so organized called into active service for a short time before warm weather, that all marauding bands may be driven out by that time. Any man in that section able to military duty who refuses to attach himself to such an organization should be sent beyond the limits of the district without delay. There will probably be far less trouble from guerrillas the ensuing year than there has been the past, and what is required to keep

39 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

