
efficiently, so much so that not a single complaint was made about transportation. I forward herewith reports of the commands while absent, with the exception of those that went from Pine Bluff, who were ordered to make them to the senior surgeon at that post.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. WEEKS,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge of Expedition

Surg. J. R. SMITH, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of Arkansas.

JANUARY 23, 1865. - Skirmish at Thompson's Plantation, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Donaldsonville, La., January 23, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the attack made by Williams' guerrilla party upon the couriers coming from Plaquemine to-day:

When they arrived near the Sigur plantation a party of some sixteen came out from the cut-off between the advance and the main body of the couriers and started in pursuit of the advance couriers. Sergeant McTwiggan, in charge of the couriers, ordered the men to advance. They hesitated for a time, but at last, after a vigorous application of the saber by the sergeant, his men followed him, but too late to come up with the party until they reached Thompson's lower plantation, where a skirmish took place, and the rebels were driven back down the cut-off. The sergeant then withdrew his men back to the road and was there again attacked by another party of nearly the same number, and followed ad far as Narcisse Landry's plantation, continually skirmishing. George A. Walbridge, of Company H, was seriously wounded and left at Thompson's plantation the horses of five of the men became exhausted and four of the men were captured. I regret to say that the conduct of the men at first is deserving of the most severe condemnation, but they afterward did as well as they could, according to the statement of the sergeant in command. I can only repeat what I have before said in reference to the inefficiency of the horses of this command. It has caused the capture of four men to-day, which would not have happened had the men been properly mounted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. PARKHURST

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LEONIDAS R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

JANUARY 24, 1865. - Skirmish near Bayou Goula, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding La Fourche District.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

