
the country quiet now and have every citizen fully protected is to have all work in concert and harmony to the same end, viz, the suppression of all disorder and speedy punishment of every evil doer and evil deed. It is encouraging to know that as the great work in which we have all been engaged is about to be accomplished there is no weariness or faint-heartiness on the part of those who have suffered and endured the most. Troops will be kept in that section while I retain command of the district.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, January 21, 1865.

His Excellency THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri;

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to recommenced that in the event of the passage of the militia bill now before the house the First Division be divided into districts, as follows: First District to include the counties of Atchison, Nodaway, Worth, Harrison, Davies, Gentry, Andrew, Holt, Buchanan, De Kalb, Caldwell, Platte, Clay, and Ray. Second District to include the counties of Carroll, Livingston, Grundy, Mercer, Putnam, Sullivan, Linn, Chariton, Howard, Randolph, Macon, and Adair, Third District to include the counties of Schuyler, Scotland, Clark, Knox, Lewis, Shelby, Marion, Monroe, and Ralls. Fourth District to include the counties of Pike, Audria, Boone, Callaway, Montgomery, Lincoln, Warren, and saint Charles. I have the honor to recommend that you appoint Colonel A. F. Denny as brigadier-general of Missouri Militia for the Second District; Hayward for the Third District, and Colonel D. P. Dyer for the Fourth District. The unfortunate difference existing among the loyalists of the First District will render it difficult for you to select any one for the position of brigadier-general who will at first give general satisfaction. Of all who have been named in connection with the appointment I believe Colonel W. R. Penick to be the best man. Your Excellency is fully aware that his appointment would be very unsatisfactory to some most excellent Unionists in Saint Joseph. If Colonel R. C. Bradshaw, of the Forty-four Missouri Volunteers, should recover from the serious wounds with which he is now suffering, and his services could be obtained, his appointment would doubtless be acceptable to all parties. I have no doubt of my ability to produce harmony among our friends with the appointment of either of the valued officers named for the First District.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 21, 1865.

Major J. w. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept., of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that Companies D and E, Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteers, be ordered to Glasgow, District of North Missouri, where they can now be mounted on contraband stock and be

