
used to great advantage in hunting down the guerrillas. I also recommend that Adjutant Tripler, of the same regiment, be ordered to report to Colonel Kutzner, at Glasgow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Columbia, Mo., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: You will in a few days receive petitions by the bushel asking you to relieve citizens of Boone County from going to that blessed county where Jeff. Davis reigns supreme. They will claim to be the best Union men in the whole country. Be firm, and do not permit your sympathies to do away your judgment. These men, or at least many of them, are men of means and influences, hence the necessity of making examples of them. every one of them are, and have been, rebels of the worts sort; have done us great harm. I would like to have an order banishing John W. Corliss, Jr. He lives in Columbia. Left here last summer during our troubles and went to Canada. I offered he would not help defend the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bascom, N. Mex., January 21, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding that the Comanche chief Sheer-kee-an-kwaugh made his appearance here under a flag of truce for the purpose of making overtures for peace. This Indian is the same who the general commanding saw at this place in May last, and who, by the death of some other chief, has now become the principal chief of the whole of the Comanche Nation. He is actually desirous to live in good faith with us, and from what I have seen of him during my stay here I am inclined to believe his desire sincere. According to instructions he was kindly treated, and taught that the general commanding the Territory could only decide the question of peace; that his desire would be laid before the general, and that he had to wait here until the conditions under which peace would be granted could be learned. He however objected to remaining here, stating that he has to see all of his subordinates (who lived at present scattered and were with their people a great distance from here) before he could do anything conclusive, but that he would return and bring them here in the last quarter of the moon, next month and that he would compel them to submit to whatever conditions there should be stipulated by the general commanding. He furthermore promised to me (voluntarily) that he would not allow, as far as in his power, any traveler on the roads to the States to be molested, and that he would give me information without delay should the Kiowas and Apaches, whom he mistrusts, contemplate a rapacious

