
excursion toward this quarter; and although I am confident that he will do so, for he has proved himself to be true on another occasion, I will this time no place too much confidence in his assurance. In regard to other affairs at the post, I am sorry to say that during the past week we have made little or no progress in the erection of buildings. It is impossible to do anything as long as the weather remains in its present state. The animals here were gradually improving, but another severe snow-storm set in last night and the ground is covered with snow to the depth of several inches. This does not only prevent my scouting grass in the prairie, but it will be the ruin of a great many animals.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. BERGMANN,

Captain, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding.

[JANUARY 22, 1865. - For Special Orders, Numbers 16, paragraph 2, headquarters Armies of the United States, directing Major General Few. Wallace to visit the Rio Grande and western Texas on a tour of inspection, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 201.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 22, 1865,

(Received February 2.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

The force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry to threaten Camden, and co-operate with general Dana left here at 10 a. m. to-day. will be joined at Pine Bluff by two regiments of infantry and some cavalry, and will carry out our part of the programme as laid down in orders from division headquarters. Dana's force is to disembark at Gaines' Landing on 27th. The whole co-operation force, under command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr, will number about 4,000. It is hoped this movement will also have the effect of causing the rebels to withdraw from Dardanelle, and in case of another rise in the River enable us to throw more supplies into Fort Smith. One boat of the three that arrived safely at Fort Smith was destroyed by the enemy while returning. Fate of the other two still uncertain. The River is not navigable above Lewisburg. Advices from Dardanelle are to noon of the 21st. Attack from enemy had not been renewed. Garrison was ready for them, but too weak to advance against them.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., January 22, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have been informed that a portion of the cavalry picket on the Benton road, some five miles out, has been captured. The Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry is camped some four miles out on that road, and is in readiness to do what it can. I have communicated

