
these facts to Major-General Reynolds, and at his suggestion I have the honor to request that you will send a squadron of cavalry to report to Major Hamilton, commanding the Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, to enable him to advise us if anything occurs through the night. Please advise us of your action on the premises.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, January 22, 1865.

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you turn over to General Carr both infantry and cavalry named in your dispatch of yesterday.

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

DARDANELLE, January 22, 1865 - 3 p. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

GENERAL: Captain Hamilton has returned from scout to Ivey's Ford. Reports the steamer Chippewa's upper works destroyed; hull and machinery in pretty good condition. Steamers Ad. Hines and Lotus expected here to-night; Annie Jacobs aground on Ivey' Ford. Colonel Williams' brigade of colored troops will reach here to-morrow. The enemy have all gone south. Will send the section of Fifth Ohio Battery down with Colonel Williams' brigade. Do you wish this place held after Colonel Williams' troops have passed?

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Clarksville, Ark., January 22, 1865 - 11. 50 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: The steamers Ad. Hines and Lotus will leave here to-day for Little Rock. The Chippewa was captured and burned, and the Annie Jacobs is eighteen miles above here on this shore with machinery damaged, but being repaired. She is guarded with part of my force. The rebels attacked the boats with artillery and a force said to be 1,500 strong. The Jacobs received eighteen shell and solid shot through her, but was saved by the coolness and daring of Colonel T. M. Bowen, Thirteenth Kansas Volunteers, who was on the hurricane deck during the whole engagement, directing the pilot. He was on leave of absence, but assumed command when the enemy approached.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel Sixth Kansas Cav., Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 7th Army Corps.

