
CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 22, 1865.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are two companies of cavalry at New Madrid and one of infantry. I need one of the cavalry companies. I think one would be sufficient there. Can I order one up here?

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 22, 1865.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I desire that you send to me five or six good reliable into the Navajo country to tell the remainder of the tribe to come in. The Mexicans and Utes wish to make a campaign against those who have not come in, in order to get captives and stock. Tell the chiefs this, and that I wish to get them in not only to avoid such a calamity, but so that they can help plant at the Bosque.

I am, general, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, January 22, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Northwest:

SIR: An official communication has been received from Colonel Dimon, First U. S. Volunteers, commanding at Fort Rice, dated December 19. About 300 lodges of the North Yanktonnais heretofore hostile, but now friendly, under Two Bears, Black Catfish, and Black Eye, are still encamped near the fort at the mouth of Beaver Creek. The colonel ordered them across the River from his post that he might distinguish the friendly from the unfriendly Indians. This was done after the killing and wounding of three of his men, which I reported. The soldier I reported missing has been found dead. A party of Uncpapas were guilty of the attack, and not Santees, as I reported. They are encamped on the headwater of the Heart River and refuse to give up the murderers. A party of miners from Idaho reached Sioux City a few days ago. They came by the way of Fort Berthold, where Big Head's brother, a Yanktonnais, escorted them to Fort Rice. Near the Painted Woods they came on a camp of Santees who treated them well for Minnesota Indians. They stole their rations and one gun, but did not kill them, which is a remarkable instance of forbearance on their part. I hope the authorities at Washington will take some action in regard to these Indians, for I think there will be no trouble in making a permanent peace with them. But do what they will, there will always become little trouble in that country so long as there is an Indian and a white man in it and the line of the British Possessions is so near to it. However, a few military posts judiciously situated will put an end to that.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

