HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., January 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of information received at this office this 23rd day of January, 1865: William Ross, a deserter from the Second Alabama Battalion, left Mobile January 14, 1865; states that there was at that time much talk of evacuating the city. Scott's command left on the 12th instant for Tupelo and it was expected that McCulloch's cavalry would shortly follow it. McCulloch's command is from Forrest's cavalry, and is composed of the Second Missouri, numbering about 260; the Second Mississippi, numbering about 200; the Eighteenth Mississippi, numbering about 200; total, 606. The troops left in Mobile were the First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, numbering about 250; Twenty-second Louisiana Heavy Artillery, numbering about 150; Winston's battery (five 12-pounders), 60; Buchanan battery, or Missouri Battery (a naval battery manned by sailors from the gun-boat Gaines, which was beached last summer), 100; total 560. All other troops are home guards and militia, numbering about 2,500 men, armed with Enfield rifles and muskets. About twelve miles from Mobile, at Hall's Mills, on the Pascagoula road, is Colonel Maury's regiment (Fifteenth Regiment Confederate troops), road, facing General Granger. General Thomas' command consists of Colonel Rice's brigade (three regiments) State reserves, 1,200; brigade (Two regiments) State Reserves, 1,500; total State Reserves, 2,700. These troops are pretty well armed, well clothed with a late importation of gray suits from England. The gun-boat Nashville is plated only on the side fronting the bay, and is pierced for six guns (two bow, two stern, and two side guns). The Morgan has seven guns(7-inch). Battery Buchanan is nearest the city, and mounts nine guns, including the "great gun. " Opposite Battery Buchanan, 700 yards distant, in the bay is Battery Gladden, numbering 100 men and mounting seven 7-inch guns. Nearly opposite this, and 1,200 yards distant, is Battery McIntosh, numbering 150 men and mounting eight guns - four 10-inch and four 7-inch smooth-bores. The Nashville is in the channel, about one mile below Battery Gladden. H. G. Montague, a deserter from the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, states that he has been on duty at headquarters post of Mobile as permanent courier for the general commanding. He left mobile December 12 with dispatches to Biloxi, &amp;c. He states that with Colonel Maury's regiment, which is 1,200 strong, is Tobin's battery of flying artillery, numbering 150 men and twelve guns (six howitzers and six 12-pounder rifles). This is supposed to be the most efficient light battery in the vicinity of Mobile. There are about 150 Pelham cadets and 200 Tuscaloosa cadets (all boys about sixteen years of age) in Mobile. The commanding officers and others had sent their families away from mobile. Military men proposed to burn the city in case it was evacuated. The large gun in Battery Buchanan is supposed to be the largest gun in the Confederacy. Below Battery Buchanan, on the Shell road, are three or four 1-gun (10-inch) batteries, extending three miles from the city. About 15 men are required to man each gun. At the time informant left they were not manned. Two light guns are

