
taken down the Shell road on picket duty six miles on tours of three days each. The bay shore is picketed by a few cavalrymen.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

(Copies furnished General Granger and Commander Palmer for information.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 23, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Comdg. Dist. of West Florida and South Alabama, East Pascagoula:

SIR: Information from various sources induces the belief that a considerable portion of Hood's army has been sent down in the direction of Mobile, either for the defense of that place or for and attack upon Pensacola, up upon your position at east Pascagoula. Both intentions are alleged. I do not place any faith in the statement, but it is natural that Hood should attempt to do something to restore the morale of his troops and of the people of Mississippi, and as he can reach the vicinity of Mobile more readily than he can any other point where he could damage us, I send over 1,000 of General Andrews' brigade direct to Pensacola. The remainder will of through the sound and will report to you as they pass. General Andrews will report to you at East Pascagoula for any service you may have for his command. As Pensacola will be of the utmost importance, not only on account of the military and naval depots, but as a probable base or auxiliary base for further operations, its security must be placed beyond danger. As a part of General Andrews' brigade is already in your command, I desire to concentrate the whole of it at Pensacola, with a view to the organization of the division he is to command, and I desire that the regiments now detached should be assembled there as soon as possible in order that their equipment may be made as perfect as possible. One of the brigades will be made up from the troops now under your command, and with this object I wish you to designate as soon as possible the permanent garrisons for the posts in Pensacola Harbor and mobile Bay, and report the remainder in order that the assignments may be made, General Thomas is now at Eastport with his army, and for this and other reasons, which I have already explained to you, it is desirable that the troops should be withdrawn from Pascagoula, the permanent garrisons designated, and the troops for the field collected and prepared as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

