
in cases of that class in which jurisdiction in exercised by police and municipal courts. Punishments awarded soldiers will conform to those awarded under existing laws by field-officers' courts except stoppage of pay. The court will hold its sessions in this city or at such other points as may be hereafter designated in orders, The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary rooms, furniture, and stationery.

II. Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, is hereby appointed judge of the court constituted, and will enter upon his duties immediately.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS U. S. FORCES AT PINE BLUFF, Numbers 23. Pine Bluff, Ark., January 23, 1865.

I. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade, Second Division, will relieve from duty the One hundred and sixth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, and have them in readiness to join the expedition starting from this post on the 25th instant. Companies on detached duty will not be relieved.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Powell Clayton:

S. MONTE CAMBERN,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP MAUMELLE ROAD, NEAR LITTLE ROCK, ARK.,

January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that I was ordered to report to major Hamilton with one squadron on the Benton road, three miles from Little Rock, yesterday at 7 p. m., which order I complied with immediately, and on reporting was ordered to remain there until this morning. Was then ordered to proceed out on the Benton road fifteen miles and see if I could discover any enemy or rebel force in that vicinity; if not, to return and report. I proceeded out and discovering no enemy, returned and reported to Major Hamilton, and was then relieved by him and ordered to report to my regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WAGNER,

Captain Company B, Commanding Third Wisconsin Cav. Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, January 23, 1865 - 11. 30 a. m.

Colonel RYAN,

Lewisburg:

You will not occupy Dardanelle after the colored troops and boats pass down. You can withdraw your troops to Lewisburg.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

