
Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding La Fourche District. HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., January 25, 1865.

A party of cavalry, thirteen in number, belonging to the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, at Donaldsonville, Colonel Fiske just telegraphs me, undertook to return from Plaquemine yesterday. He sent a lieutenant and twenty men up to Bayou Goula to meet them and escort them through. Before the lieutenant and his party arrived at Bayou Goula they were wounded at the first fire; the remainder of the thirteen surrendered without firing a gun. The lieutenant and his party arriving, he pursued the rebels a few miles, but recaptured nothing. This command constantly complaining that they cannot capture these guerrillas, because they, they Third Rhode Island, are so badly mounted, yet the rebels manage to get away with prisoners mounted on the same kind of horses. Colonel Fiske will forward a written report, which will be sent forward as soon as it arrives.

R. A. CAMERON.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Donaldsonville, La., January 25, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of the capture of the couriers from Plaquemine yesterday:

Sergeant Dodge, in charge of the couriers, was attacked yesterday about a mile above Bayou Goula by Captain Williams, whose party consisted of twenty-four; twelve in front and twelve in rear. Sergeant Dodge disgracefully surrendered his entire command. Bernard McDonough, Company C, was shot through the arm, and was paroled and is now in hospital. The whole loss was twelve men, horses and equipments. I have ordered Sergeant Dodge to be reduced to the ranks.

Your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. PARKHURST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

JANUARY 24-FEBRUARY 22, 1865. - Expedition from Cape Girardeau, Mo., to Eleven Points River, Ark.

Reports of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., February 27, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 24th ultimo I left this place, pursuant to instructions from the general commanding, with

