HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez, Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your interesting reports of the 17th instant, and to say that he regrets that he cannot allow the Eighty-third Ohio to remain with you in consequence of its being needed in its proper organization for important pending operations. when some of the troops from Arkansas have been received he may possible be able to spare you a regiment from there, but the decision thereon will greatly depend on the extent of prospective operations, and the direction from which they will be undertaken. Be pleased to give orders for the immediately embarkation of this regiment, and instructs the commanding officer to telegram me from Morganza the probable hour of his arrival at Kennerville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 23, 1865.

THOMAS C. FLETCHER, Governor of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: I respectfully request that companies of militia be raised by volunteers from such classes as you deem best for service in each of the following counties:

Mounted. - One company for Warren and Mongtomery; one company for Callaway and Audrain: one company for Boone; one company for Ralls, Monroe, and Marion; one company to be raised at Hannibal; one company for Howard; one-company for Randolph; one company for Chariton; one company for Carroll and Livingston, to be stationed in Carroll; one company for Ray and Caldwell, to be stationed in Ray; one company for Clay and Clinton, to be stationed in Clay; one company for Platte; one company for Jackson; one company for La Fayette; one company for Saline; one company for Cooper and Moniteau; one company for Osage and Maries; one company for Stoddard; one company for Johnson; one company for Pettis; one company for Morgan; one company for Mississippi; one company for Scott; one company for Perry, one company for New Madrid; one company for Cape Girardeau; one company for Sainte Genevieve.

Infantry. - One company for bridge on Pacific Railroad; one company for bridge on Southwest Branch [Pacific] Railroad; one company for bridge on Iron Mountain Railroad; one company for bridge on North Missouri Railroad.

As soon as raised to be turned over to the sub-district commanders for the respective counties. I will order them subsisted as soon as they rendezvous. I most earnestly request that none but experienced officers and also old soldiers be placed at the head of these organizations - men who will enforce orders and maintain strict discipline. The Government will issue clothing, forage, arms, and equipments (when the State has not sufficient arms and equipments to supply tem, already issued to the Enrolled Missouri Militia) upon proper requisitions. I deem it important that this force be put in the field within the next thirty days.

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

