
ward 100 copies to me. The main features of the order are the same as one I issued in the Central District last spring, and it worked admirably. This embodies the experience of last year, and I think that it will work well in connection with Numbers 7, which is a most excellent order.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 3. Rolla, Mo., January 23, 1865.

In order that the citizens of this district may be enabled to co-operate in carrying out the policy of the major-general commanding the Department of the Missouri, as has been indicated in General Orders, Numbers 7, current series, from his headquarters, and thus defend themselves and their property from thieves, robbers, marauding bands, guerrillas, and rebels, and to more effectually assist the civil officers and courts in the discharge of their duties, and by these means restore peace and quiet to the country, it is hereby ordered that all persons capable of handling a gun, and who can be trusted with one, do form themselves into companies of citizen guards, composed of such numbers as may be most convenient for the protection of their immediate neighborhoods. The basis of the organization of the companies as above directed must be unconditional loyalty to the Government of the United States and to that of the state of Missouri; a willingness to give an active co-operation to the civil and military authorities in their efforts for the restoration of the civil law in the land and safety to the person and property of its inhabitants, and to assist in a war of extermination, by lawful means, of all guerrillas, bushwhackers, robbers, thieves, and rebels, or other disturbers of the peace and quiet of the country. Without further action from these headquarters, the people will immediately form themselves, into companies in the manner prescribed for the organization of the militia under the laws of the State, nominate their officers, who will make out muster-rolls and forward them for the approval of the general commanding the district, through the commanding officer of the nearest military post or station, who will certify the loyalty and integrity of the officers, and, as far as practicable, of the members of such companies. If the organizations are approved will forward in the same manner an application for permits for each member to keep or purchase arms and ammunition. No resident citizens in this district will be allowed these privileges unless he is a member of a company of citizen guards organized under this order by the 1st day of March next. All commanding officers of posts or stations in this district will assist the people, as far as practicable, in this enrollment and organization, and report all failures after reasonable time to comply with this order. While the citizens guards organized under this order will not be considered a regular military force, entitled to pay or other remuneration for their services, yet they are so far hereby legalized as to make them subject to the same laws, rules, and regulations, and are entitled to the same immunities as are applicable for the police of the troops in the United States, and officers are expected to enforce obedience to their orders. Any person who fails

