
to enroll after receiving proper notice to do so, or, after enrolling, fails to assist in the common defense when ordered, will be reported to these headquarters, and after an examination and proof of his neglect of duty he will be sent out of the district. It is not expected that the citizen guards will be on active constant duty, yet as many as may be deemed necessary are expected to patrol the country, and thus be able to learn of the movements of bad men, and give the alarm if there is danger. As a general rule, one-tenth of the company should be constantly scouting. and give three continuous days each month to this duty, so that, either in person or by substitute, each person will give one-tenth of his time for the common good, and have nine-tenths for himself, being in turn guarded by his neighbor, but all to turn out in case of an emergency. The citizen guards will thus become an organized armed posse comitatus, and can be made a powerful auxiliary to the civil courts in the country, and at the same time relieve the army of a large amount of labor that legitimate belongs to the people to perform in guarding their own firesides. Regular rations of subsistence will be issued to each citizen guard while on active duty, to be drawn monthly by the company commanders in the usual provision return. Ammunition in small quantities will be issued by the ordnance officer, on the proper requisitions. The bring a member of a citizen guard company will not exempt any person liable to do military duty in the militia or volunteer service, nor will exemption from duty in the regular military service by reason of age, physical disability, allegiance, or other causes exempt any person from duty as a citizen guard. All authority heretofore granted from these headquarters to any citizen of this district to keep arms or ammunition for their own use, who is not now or does not become a member of a citizen guard company by the 1st day of march next, will be revoked, and the arms taken for the use of the guards. All arms, horses, or other property captured from guerrillas or other law breakers by the citizen guards will be reported to district headquarters, and an order will be made giving the company making the capture the right to use the property until it is required by the Government. Great care must be observed in the organization of the citizen guard companies and the selection of the officers, else they may become, in the hands of band men, engines of oppression and a terror rather than a blessing to the people. Persons guilty of any irregularities will be severely punished. While it may be necessary in come cases to subsist on the country, it should not be done without providing compensation to the parties from whom it has been taken.

By order of Brigadier General E. B. Brown:

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

