
KANSAS AGENCY, Council Grove, January 23, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Volunteers, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 13th instant. In reply I have to say that the Kaw Indians are in the buffalo country by special permit of General Blunt, given when he was the commander of this district. The permit and letter of advice were taken by Indians, and I made two copies of the same, so that there might be one of them in each of the bands. I enjoined on the Indians to avoid all hostile Indians and the usual routes of travel. I was in all their camps on Smoky Hill, Sharp's Creek, Little Arkansas, and Big Turkey about eighteen days since, and then charged them no to go west, but south. Before receiving your letter I have written to the commander of Fort Zarah requesting him to send the Kaws in east of the Little Arkansas. I also sent a letter to the keeper of the ranch on Little Arkansas requesting him to send the Kaws word that it was my order that they should not go west of the Little Arkansas. If you are in possession of later information which in your judgment makes it desirable that I should go out and order them in, I will do so if you will send me word by return mail. I am pretty well satisfied that it is a mistake that Kiowas have been seen among them. When I was at Little Arkansas ranch hunters there told me that Kiowas were among the Kaws, and pointed out one to me who was a Kaw with whom I have been acquainted several years. I hope the Kaws will be permitted by the troops to remain in the buffalo country, but that they will be sent southeast. The Government will have to feed this tribe of they are not permitted to hunt buffalo. I therefore hope while the Kaws behave well they will be protected by the troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FARNSWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Numbers 7. Denver, Colo. Ter., January 23, 1865.

1. The object of existing orders prohibiting citizens from carrying arms having been accomplished, the same is hereby revoked. Surrounded as this Territory now is by hostile Indians, it is but right that every man should be prepared to defend his home, and this can only be done by force of arms.

2. Reports are daily being made to these headquarters that parties wearing the uniform of U. S. soldiers visit ranches, take stock, and arrest citizens in the plea of being provost guards and in the name of the Government, while in fact they are not in the service. All such persons are thieves and marauders, violators of the peace, and will henceforth be treated accordingly. The punishment for this species of offense will be summary and severe, and all law-abiding citizen are invited to furnish these headquarters with such information as will insure justice and fix the guilt.

3. Hereafter all citizens and soldiers employed to make arrests or take possession of property of any description in the name of the Government must be clothed with written authority direct from these headquarters or the provost-marshal; none other will be recognized.

By order of Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

