SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 24. New Orleans, La., January 24, 1865.

1. Asst. Surg. S. M. Horton, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf and will proceed without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and report for duty to the medical director, Department of the Missouri.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf and will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major General N. J. T. DANA, commanding Department of Mississippi, for assignment to duty. Captain B. K. Roberts, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is permitted to accompany General Roberts.

4. Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Mississippi and will proceed without delay to Little Rock, Ark., and report to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 24th day of January, 1865: Reports of Horace Bell and J. M. Smylie, scouts, just returned from an unsuccessful attempt to visit Alexandria, La., via Morganza. Citizens and refugees concur in stating that great discontent and insubordination exist among the rebel forces, mainly on account of lack of pay, scantiness of rations, and the destitution of the soldiers' families. Desertions occur daily. If captured is treated with vigor. Military executions take place weekly - on Fridays. Fifteen men have been shot at one time recently for desertion. One brigade at Alexandria is said to have mutinied not long since. Thirty-five of the ring-leaders were shot. Harrison's brigade has been left at Alexandria. Two brigades (names unknown) are along the Washita River, Ark. All other troops in Louisiana and in Arkansas south of the Washita River are report to be moving toward and through Shreveport into Texas. Citizens also, to some extent, accompany this movement, caused by the difficulty of obtaining subsistence. This report is from parties who asserted that they met the troops in motion. S. B. Buckner is lieutenant-general, and General Magruger reports to him. On east side of Atchafalaya River are Captain Ratliff's company of scouts, 30 men; Captain Collins' company of scouts, 30 men; Captain Pruyn's company of scouts, 30 men; total, 90 men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

40 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

