
a detachment from this sub-district numbering 300 men and a section of the Second Missouri Light Artillery. I proceeded as far as the Indiana Ford, on the Saint Francis River, where I was joined by a detachment from the Third Sub-District, numbering 200 men, under command of Captain McClanahan, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I then proceeded with the whole force into Arkansas, intending to proceed as far as Jacksonport and attack the forces said to be near that place under the rebel general McRae. About the night of the 26th of January it commenced raining heavily, rendering the roads nearly impassable, and filling the streams so as to cause much inconvenience in crossing them. When I reached Current River, on the northern line of Arkansas, I found it impossible to ford it, and no ferries at that point and none to be heard of on the river at any point near there. I immediately sent out parties and succeeded in finding a small flat-boat some twenty-three miles down the river near its junction with Black River, but a large extent of swamp was between the command and the boat found, which swamps it was necessary to cross; and the rain continuing the swamps were full, and it was deemed impracticable to move my train through them. I therefore left the train under a strong guard and marched with the balance of the command, carrying five days' rations, wading for miles through water from one to three feet deep. After a very laborious march I reached the boat, and found it capable of crossing but eight men and their horses at a time. After crossing, another swamp very difficult to cross stretched for miles on the other side of Current River on the road toward Pocahontas. I however proceeded to that place, where I received reliable information that McRae had been driven from near Jacksonport by a force sent from Devall's Bluff for that purpose, and that there was no enemy in force sent from Devall's Bluff for that purpose, and that there was no enemy in force north of the Arkansas River on that line and no enemy that would stand to fight, but small bands of guerrillas were prowling through the country, who fled at our approach. I therefore divided my command, ordering the detachment from Pilot Knob to return to that post by way of Doniphan, thoroughly scouring the country for the purpose of exterminating as far as possible, the guerillas, while with the balance of the troops I pushed on as far as the vicinity of Eleven Points River, some ten miles below Pocahontas. We found the country almost entirely destitute of forage. We killed several guerrillas in that vicinity. Being unable to hear of any force of the enemy and finding it nearly impossible to subsist either men or horses, I returned to Cherokee Bay, thoroughly scouting the country in pursuit of the guerrilla bands of Reves and Bowles. We succeeded in killing several of them and capturing many horses and mules stolen by them from Missouri and several U. S.les. Finding that I could do no further good in that country without a permanent occupation of the country, I returned to this post, reaching this place late on the evening of the 22nd instant. Nineteen guerrillas were killed, and I captured and turned over 77 head of horses, 26 mules, 21 head of cattle, and 1 jack. I found that country infested by small bands of guerrillas, who will not stand to fight, but subsist by plundering the inhabitants and the swamps and canebrakes of that region afford them secure shelter, rendering it extremely difficult to find and destroy them. I think a post at either Doniphan or Pocahontas would soon effectually dispose of them. I find the sentiment of the people of Northern Arkansas friendly to the United States Government-much more so than in Missouri-and I think it but needs fostering and protection to revive their affection for the old flag. The oppres-

