
[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 22. Little Rock, Ark., January 24, 1865.

* * * * *

7. The present organization of the Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, will be discontinued after the 31st instant. The following assignments of cavalry to posts are hereby made to take effect on the 1st proximo: Post of Little Rock, Third U. S. Cavalry and Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, to constitute a brigade; Post of Devall's Bluff, Ninth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers; cavalry depot, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry; Post of Pine Bluff, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry; Post of Lewisburg, Third Arkansas Cavalry; Post of Brownsville Station, Ninth Iowa Cavalry; Post of Saint Charles, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, detachment; Post of White River, First Indiana Cavalry, detachment; Post Helena, Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry. These regiments will constitute the cavalry force of the respective posts and will be borne on the post returns. Enough serviceable horses will be transferred from other commands to the above named to completely mount them. All unserviceable horses will be sent to the cavalry depot. The division commander is charged with the execution of this order.

8. The Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, will be reorganized for the field on the 1st day of February next as follows, viz: First Brigade - First Iowa cavalry, Third Michigan Cavalry, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry. Second Brigade - First Missouri Cavalry, Third Missouri Cavalry, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry. The headquarters of the Cavalry Division, Brigadier General J. R. West commanding, will be established at Little Rock.

9. Brigadier General C. Bussey is hereby assigned to command of the cavalry brigade at Post of Little Rock.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

DARDANELLE, January 24, 1865 - 5 p. m., (Via Lewisburg, 6. 50 p. m.)

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Scout in at 10 p. m. last night brought information of Newton's regiment arriving at Boggs' Mill, on the Chickalah, after dark, for the purpose of grinding flour during the night, to leave at sunrise. At 12 p. m. started Lieutenant-Colonel Steele with 150 of the Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry and detachment of Third Arkansas Cavalry, Lieutenant Wishard commanding, who arrived at the mill at 5 this a. m. Charging, captured their amp, papers, flour, 18 horses, and 20 stand of arms. The enemy fled in every direction. Colonel Williams' brigade train will not complete crossing till to-morrow. Will get away from here to-morrow noon.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

