HEADQUARTERS POST OF LITTLE ROCK, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,Little Rock, Ark., January 24, 1865.

Captain LEG. BENEDICT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I am informed by Mr. S. Downs, a reliable man who lives twenty miles out, that Webb's guerrillas have to-day run in on the remaining mill and burned it (Pine Bluff road). He says he will volunteer to guide a scout after them if one goes out. He had just started out himself, and learning these facts came in for safety.

Very respectfully,

C. C. WHITE,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., January 24, 1865 - 1 p. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

I have just arrived with my cavalry. The infantry and trains will not reach here till to-morrow. I will telegraph fully when my reports and plans are prepared. I have sent 150 cavalry to Jenkins' Ferry to scout down the Saline.

Respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., January 24, 1865 - 2. 45 p. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

General Clayton can furnish me with only 300 infantry, 150 cavalry, and one section of artillery (colored). He shows a disposition to furnish all he can. General Clayton recommends that the cavalry be sent as far as the bank of the Washita, opposite Camden, which is about thirty miles from Mount Elba. He thinks the enemy's pickets can be driven into Camden and they can be induced to take up or destroy their bridge. I have not yet consulted Colonel Thompson, who commands the cavalry. Would the general approve of that move provided I find upon arrival at Mount Elba that it appears to be feasible? It would be a dashing thing to do, but it involves some risk, and a certainty of marching the horses sixty miles in two days. I suppose I should send about 1,000 cavalry, leaving back the poorest horses. I understand that the bottom on the south side of the Saline is very bad for several miles, and I do not propose to march my artillery and trains over it, but will make a show of crossing. A citizen told one of my gains to-day that they had news in Camden a week ago that there was an expedition fitting out at Little Rock, destined for that place.

I am, very respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

