
strict officer, and as many of the Second Missouri State Militia as possible. I find that we can do a good thing. I have found where those arms are that were supposed to be on Horse Island. We can also break up a formidable organization. I cannot tell when I march until I find when the company from Farmington will reach me. The company from New Madrid and Charleston are marching here. Please order the detachment at Pilot Knob to shoe their horses and be ready to move at a moment's notice. If you will order the officer who will command them to report to me by telegraph, I will give him full instructions as to rations, ammunition, transportation, &amp;c., also time and place. I think likely he will require a day or two to shoe horses.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, January 24, 1865.

Colonel Rogers,

Cape Girardeau:

Colonel Beveridge has been ordered to hold 200 mounted men ready to march when your order. Let your movements be as quiet and secret as possible, and when you move telegraph the number of men you have and what time you start. It is reported that dick Berryman is fitting out an expedition to start for Missouri from Northeastern Arkansas. Keep a little watch of him. It is not credited here, but it is well to be prepared for him. Communicate with Colonel Beveridge at Pilot Knob.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, January 24, 1865.

General EWING,

Commanding:

I would like to leave Company A, Fiftieth [Missouri] Infantry Volunteers, at Charleston, or send another infantry company to relieve them until after this expedition, so I can use the cavalry company intended for there on the expedition. Lieutenant Robert Davis, Company F, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is in the city under charges. I understand that the charges were withdrawn. if so, I would like to have him ordered here, as I am short of good officers.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 19. Macon, Mo., January 24, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Major H. Hilliard, commanding detachment of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with said detachment and will report at once to the commanding officer of his regiment, at Pilot Knob, for duty.

* * * * *

