
IV. Colonel E. A. Kutzner, Thirty-ninth Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, in accordance with provisions of paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 10, current series, from Headquarters Department of the Missouri, for assignment to command of Sub-District of Glasgow, Mo., will at once relieve Major S. A. Garth, Ninth cavalry Missouri State Militia, is said command.

V. Captain McNutt's company of Provisional (107) Enrolled Missouri Militia, Monroe County, Mo., is hereby called into active service, to date from December 20, 1864, since which time the company have been on duty.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

PATTERSON, MO., January 24, 1865 - 10. 50 a. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have been thirty miles south of this post and heard of no force only the bands of guerrillas reported by my last scout. Captain Bostwick, commanding at this post, has a scout from his command on the Arkansas line and a number of reliable citizen scouts in North Arkansas, and expects reports from them soon. I start from here again this morning.

W. J. MORRIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, January 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Omaha or Cottonwood:

How are matters at Julesburg and elsewhere on Overland route?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 24, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of Colonel Carson's report* of his fight with the Kiowas and Comanches on his expedition, as ordered by General Orders, Numbers 32, of last year, from these headquarters. Had General Blunt gone on to the Palo Duro, near the scene of this fight, those two tribes would doubtless have received a severe punishment. I find that it is impossible for me to guard the line of communication hence to the States with the limited force at my command and at the same time guard the 9,000 Indian prisoners I have, and whip other hostile Indians within New Mexico and Arizona. It is simply impossible for me to do it; therefore, I must depend on your help to this end. Permit me to suggest that if you will send six companies of cavalry and two of infantry and a section of artillery via the bend of the Arkansas, near Walnut Creek, to the Palo

---------------

* See Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 939.

---------------

