
Duro (there os a fine road leading to new Mexico by that route), and there to encamp for the summer, the cavalry to scout, the infantry and artillery to hold an intrenched camp with the hospital and supplies, the efforts of the Comanches and Kiowas would be paralyzed, for that point is in the very heart of their country, is easy of access, and has an abundance of fine wood, water, and grass. If, then, you would have two companies of infantry and four of cavalry at old Fort Atkinson, twenty-six miles below the Cimarron Crossing of the Arkansas, and two companies of infantry, one section of artillery, and four companies of cavalry at Fort Larned, which in all would amount to one regiment of cavalry, six companies of infantry, and two sections of artillery, I think that with what I could do from Fort Union to the crossing of the Arkansas, the route would be rendered safe during the summer. I suggest what is here written from having some knowledge of the country and of the summer haunts of the Indians. I am getting troops prepared to occupy the Lower Cimarron Springs, Cold Spring, Rabbit Ear, and Whetstone Creek. These will furnish escorts from point to point to the crossing of the Arkansas, a distance of 350 miles from Fort Union. Unless what is here suggested be done, and done by the 1st of May next, there will be made lives sacrificed and much property destroyed. I beg that you will furnish at least what is here suggested. If you know of better points than those named where troops should be placed, having these objects in views, of course you will place them there. I only offer the result of my observation and experience on the road to be guarded, and would not be understood as desiring to influence your own judgment in the matter. General Summer, when in command here, employed myself upon this road for two seasons, which gave me some knowledge of the country. I inclose herewith a newspaper having paragraph I of Special Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from these headquarters, by which you will see that troops are moving toward For Union preparatory to taking up the positions upon the road here indicated. The Government should at once make the continuation of the telegraph from Denver to Santa Fe, then we could act in concert and produce lasting results. If I had influence it should be exerted to this end. The proposition is self-evident. Once you bring the whole matter of the good results to be attained by having telegraphic communication with Santa Fe, movements can be and timed by the commanders of these two military departments which must result in the total subjection of the Indians of the plains. The economy of such an enterprise, when considered in connection with the cross purposes with which, for want of rapid communication we now have necessarily to work, is its principal recommendation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT,Fort Rice, Dak., Ter., January 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Iowa:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I arrived at this post from Fort Sully on the 21st instant, and found everything quiet. Received same date a communication from Captain Moreland, commanding at

