
my own post, I published General Orders, Numbers 10, series of 1864, which I trust will meet with the general's approval. The health of this command is poor - disease principally scurvy. My supply of anti-scorbutics is limited, but I trust will be sufficient to soon check its progress.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Davenport, February 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

I concur in everything said in regard to the evil effect of these half-breeds of the North. I have already reported this matter. I also agree in the matter concerning traders. Orders have been sent regulating this, which I suppose Colonel Dimon did not received when he wrote this.

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 1, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Pope, commanding division, for his information.

As soon as the River opens I design up to Saint Paul to make personal observations.

S. T. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 4, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded through Major General H. H. Halleck, chief of staff, U. S. Army.

It seems impossible to restore quiet among the Northwestern Indians until some steps are taken to prevent interference of English subjects.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., January 25, 1865 - 9. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

General Reynolds' dispatch of the 14th instant is received. It corresponds with what were my own views, but is very far variance from those expressed by General Steele and other whose statements were submitted some time since. It will be well to get from General Reynolds his views of the line that should be taken up and held next spring. His views will be given entirely independent of what may be said by speculators and others interested in having this and that place occupied by troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

