HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., January 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 25th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant George G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, January 18, 1865, states that he has since last report examined seven deserters and eighteen refugees, from whom he gleans the following information: The rebel General Hodge has been exonerated by a scout of inquiry and reinstated in command of his former district. General Joe Johnston was reported in command of Hood's army, headquarters at Corinth. This report is confirmed by latter ones. Colonel Scott's command has returned from the vicinity of Mobile and was last Saturday (January 14) at Woodville, Miss. A colored refugee from Jackson, La., reported that the rebels have stored in the cellar of the insane asylum at that place four boxes of arms and thirty-three kegs of powder; also an iron safe containing a large amount of specie. This negro was the body servant of the surgeon in charge, and assisted in placing these articles in the place indicated. Colonel Frank Hatch, rebel collector of customs for the port of New Orleans, lives with one Captain Gilman, about three miles from Camp Moore. At the time of the capture of this city the valuable books and papers were removed by him, in part to a house in New Orleans and in part to his present residence, where is a kind of headquarters for smugglers from New Orleans. I the books and papers are of sufficient importance Lieutenant Curtiss, knowing parties who will assist him, thinks he can discover them if ordered to New Orleans for one or two days.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. Of West Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 26, 1865.

Official copy respectfully furnished the commanding general Department of the Gulf for his information and with the recommendation that Lieutenant Curtiss be ordered to this city as herein suggested.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

ALFRED FREIBURG,

Captain, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 25, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that safe-conducts for transportation to pass up Red River may be granted subject to their approval of the commanders of the squadron and division, or the officers to whom this authority may hereafter be delegated by either. I am also directed to say that salt in limited quantities for family use may be permitted.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Dana.)

