
CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 25, 1865 - 2. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

The Second Arkansas Cavalry left this post for Memphis on the 13th instant.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

ROLLA, January 25, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

I have the honor to report that scout from Maries County has returned and reports that there had not been any robberies near Vienna or elsewhere in the country, except that four men stole a yoke of cattle and two horses near the line of Miller County about a week since. The scout followed their tracks until the snow fell and covered them. There is another scout from Waynesville looking for the thieves, who went in the direction of Houston.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI.,Warrensburg, Mo., January 25, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, St. Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: In compliance with requirement from your headquarters to make semi-monthly reports of military operations and state of affairs in district, I have the honor to submit the following: The only organized force of the enemy seen in the district since the 10th instant was in La Fayette County. This was a small squad of about fifteen, which appeared in the vicinity of Lexington. The squadron stationed at Lexington promptly attacked and scattered them. I sent heavy scouts to that county and thoroughly scattered it. A few straggling guerrillas were found, one or two killed, and some horses and equipments captured. I found it necessary to station and additional company at Lexington, which enabled the commanding officer there to hold the post and keep a scout continually moving. I have for twelve days past kept scouts moving through La Fayette, Saline, and Cooper Counties. They have found no bands, only occasionally a straggling bushman, which indicates that there are bands in the community. I am satisfied in my own mind that there are rebels concealed in the River counties, awaiting the coming of spring, but they are most difficult to find. I will have La Fayette thoroughly searched in the coming week, and will spare no efforts to find the haunts of the villains. I have given special instructions to officers scouting that county to arrest all families against whom evidence can be found their harboring or feeding guerrillas. General Orders, Numbers 7, current series, from your headquarters, is received. My purpose is to furnish copies of these orders to the sub-district commanders, with instructions to have every commanding officer of a scout take a number with him and leave them at the houses of families resident in locality frequented by guerrillas. The thorough circulation of these orders through the country will have, in my opinion, a wonderful effort. Either guerrillas or their aiders and abettors will soon ave to quit the country. But how am I to get copies of these

41 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

