
orders to circulate? I respectfully suggest that you have a large number forwarded to me for this purpose. Facilities for printing are very poor in this district. It is my design to have this order executed with energy and earnestness. The disposition made of the forces in the Fourth Sub-District, Colonel Harding's, has quite effectually routed the small bands of bushmen annoying certain localities there. The railroad company have the protection asked for, and I presume are progressing with their work. I have received a communication in form of a memorial from the representative Union men of that county, representing the wasted, depopulated condition of that county, the finest agricultural in the State, and anxious to have foreshadowed the policy of the military for repeopling the county, and for the encouragement of agriculture, husbandry, &amp;c. ; to which I replied at length, prescribing for the cure of the ills complained of, in accordance with the views and policy of the department commander, as far as known as far as I was permitted to developed it. My answer was satisfactory to them, and if we are able to organize one good company of militia, properly officered, there, I hope to be able to make good my promises.

Since the receipt of a communication from the major-general commanding, expressing a desire to organize companies under the militia bill in process of completion by the legislature, I have deferred organizing local companies until the development of the plan so suggested by the major-general commanding. I herewith send for your consideration and order I had drawn on this subject, but shall not act on it until so advised by the major-general. Delay in organizing these home forces is dangerous. They should be ready for action when the woods begin to grow green. There is a source of trouble existing in some parts of the district which I am pained to mention, but a sense of duty and justice compels me to notice it. Self-constituted organizations of men, claiming to be Union men, many of them discharged soldiers or disbanded Enrolled Missouri Militia, are committing most diabolical outrages on peaceable and unarmed citizens. Often they assume the guise and deportment of bushwhackers and go around at night robbing and pillaging, and again, assuming the character of soldiers, they exercise the right of search, seizure, and arrest. Such things produce great terror and uneasiness among the people, and if endured will lead to all sorts of excess in vise, outlawry, and murder. A few nights ago a party of these brigands, having their rendezvous near Stanton, Miami County, Kans., made a descent on the western border of Henry County, pillaged the neighborhood, and hung one man till dead to extort from him the knowledge of the hiding place of his money. he radical Union men of that county, headed by Weaver, present member of the legislature, visited these headquarters and appealed to me to put and end to these things and to authorize the citizens of the troubled neighborhood to organize provisionally for the purpose of defending their firesides and property against these men. I have done so. The dealing with men claiming to be loyal for depredating and pillaging done under the specious pretext of hunting down bushwhackers, &c., is full of delicate responsibility, but I shall meet it and doubt not I shall be sustained by the major-general commanding. The officer of Enrolled Missouri commanding at Booneville seems wanting in ability to administer the affairs of so large a town. His soldiers are under miserable discipline. I will send a company there of regular troops, under an officer that will control for the interest of loyalty, order, and peace. The plan for block-houses sent me has been submitted to the engineer, and he is having the workmen conform

