
thereto. The Gasconade is the boundary line between this and the Saint Louis District. Who shall have block-houses built there? I shall be unable to do it until I complete the work begun at other points. A large portion of cavalry, being all Missouri State Militia, are now dismounted in consequence of the quartermaster's department rejecting many horses for not coming up to the required standard, and others were not purchased because their value exceeded the ultimatum which the inspectors were unauthorized to pay. Requisitions have been ordered to be made to remount the men, and they should be filled. The want of a full and competent corps of staff officers has thrown on me a great amount of work, the effects of which are telling one me. I hope I may soon have an assistant adjutant-general and an assistant quartermaster.

I am major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT, DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Kansas City, January 25, 1865.

Colonel J. F. PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the month this county has been pretty thoroughly scouted both by cavalry and infantry. Between Westport and Hickman Mills a few guerrillas were ranging prior to my occupation of those points. Since then Dan Vaughan, with five or six men, has been seen near New Santa Fe. The road from this place to Independence is now safe. Soldiers in uniform travel it singly without interruption. Guerrillas have been driven from along the Little Blue all the way from near High Grove to its mouth. Still, they may return again. I sent two companies of infantry down onto the Sni, and thence upward to the Missouri River, having the cavalry out in other directions at the same time. The result of this was to discover about twenty bushwhackers, sometimes together and sometimes divided. Only was killed, a Bill Watson, residing in the Pink Hill Region. In Fact, I do not think it possible to catch the rascals, except by stationing infantry near their "runways" to bushwhack them and let the cavalry make the drive. What is to be done to replace the First Missouri State Militia Battalion, which I now have and which will be mustered out early next month? Are detailed instructions to carry out General Dodge's General Order, Numbers 7, current series, to be sent to sub-district commanders? Can you not procure the requisite order to have my four companies now stationed at Saint Joseph sent to me? If I am to protect the railroad line I shall need them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.
HDQRS. CO. H, SEVENTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., January 25, 1865.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following statement connected with the killing of Allen McReynolds: I ordered Lieutenant Crain with

