
a portion of the command to proceed to Grand Church, some six miles east of Waverly, and to remain there until joined by me. While there he sent who men of his command to the house of Allen McReynolds to get something to east and to palm themselves off as bushwhackers, which they did successfully. While there McReynolds told them he was willing to feed them and aid them in any way he could, but declined to carry provisions to the brush for fear of being caught and killed by the Federals. He also informed them that they were unfase where they were, as squadrons of Federal troops had left Warrensburg, Sedalia, and Marshall the day before the thoroughly scout the country thereabouts, and to then concentrate at Miami. He also advised them to proceed to one Tracy's for safety and security, it being an out-of-the-way place and where Federal scouts seldom traveled; that he (Tracy) had plenty of forage and would take pleasure in entertaining them. When the command were through feeding, Lieutenant Crain arrested McReynolds and brought him out to the command. Soon after I joined them; heard the evidence above given, which he (McReynolds) acknowledged, as also to the fact that Quantrill and band had stopped with him several times, and other bands of bushwhackers which he had never reported to the Federal authorities. On consultation with the squadron execute McReynolds, which was carried out under my orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain Company H, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel John F. Philips, commanding District of Central Missouri, for a full statement of this case.

By order of Major-General Dodge:

D. G. SWAIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, February 8, 1865.

Respectfully returned to headquarters Department of the Missouri and attention invited to inclosed reports.

There is no doubt but McReynolds was an intense rebel, and that he wore that cloak of loyalty as a disguise under which he was secretly engaged in the meanest acts of treason, giving succor, information, food, and encouragement to bushwhackers. The entire community where he lived were confirmed secessionists, and whether from the effects of early associations or existing sympathy, the fact is notorious that bushwhackers frequented, or habitually traversed that neighborhood, and its citizens made no effort to destroy or get rid of these pestilential outlaws, and when so prominent a member of that community as Allen McReynolds confessed his support of an adhesion to these bands in the face of his sworn allegiance, and in view of the terrible outrages so recently committed by guerrillas, it was beyond all endurance and it was deemed a necessity to teach this community and its like a warning lesson by executing summarily the chief among its citizens.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.

