
ing down Indians. They stole 300 head of cattle near Alkali Station recently. Otherwise, nothing important on either route since I wrote you. Station will be strengthened again when troops return from pursuit.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OMAHA, January 25, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

General Mitchell left the road at Morrow's Ranch on the 16th instant, going southeast with expedition. Have had no communication with him since that date. On the 19th Indians drove off 300 head of cattle near Alkali. Indians, estimated from 70 to 100 lodges, crossed the Platte, going north.

Respectfully,

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 1. Fort Riley, Kans., January 25, 1865.

1. First Lieutenant Robert S. Roe, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

2. Second Lieutenant J. E. Tappan, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby announced as acting assistant adjutant-general, District of Upper Arkansas. All communications will be addressed to him accordingly.

By command of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, January 25, 1865.

Major J. F. MELINE,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: I respectfully inclose herewith copy of a communication from Special Agent Brown, dated Fort Wadsworth, 9th instant, stating the condition of affairs among the upper bands of Sioux Indians within this district. There are now nearly seventy lodges of the Sissetons in the friendly camp on the James River, and they are kept under military surveillance, keep out regular guards of their own people, and make regular reports through Scout Gabriel Renville, who has general direction of the camp, to the commanding officer of Fort Wadsworth. The number of lodges will be increased, as you will perceive, to early 200 by the opening of spring, unless, indeed, the British traders and half-breeds shall succeed in deterring those now on their way down from surrendering themselves, by the reiteration of the falsehoods that they will be punished if they do so. This augment force of friendly Indians can be made available to intercept raiding parties from the

