
hostile camps on their way to the settlements, as the feeling of enmity between the Indians disposed to resume their friendly relations with the Government and those determinated upon a continuance of the war is becoming more and more bitter, and, indeed, relentless.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL MILITARY AGENCY,

Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., January 9, 1865.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding:

SIR: On the evening of the 7th instant the son of the Standing Soldier with another young man came in from Buffalo Fish Lake, at which place four lodges of friendly Sissetons have arrived from Devil's Lake. These messengers inform me that they left Devil's Lake about a month ago and came down the Cheyenne leisurely, as they were compelled to hunt for subsistence. There were no buffalo at Devill's Lake, and they killed but four on their way down. They think the buffalo are west of the James River. These messengers confirm the report that there are about 100 lodges of friendly Sissetons at Devill's Lake that will be down early in the spring to surrender themselves and join their chiefs who have already come in and are now at the scouts' camp on the James River. As these Sissetons are without buffalo it is probable they will start down early (say in February), and will probably be down as low as the Bear's Lodge early in March, if not the latter part of February. I propose to send Paul and the Scarlet Plume to the Bear's Lodge the last of February to await the arrival of the camp from above, to quiet the fears of the Indians and take them direct to the scouts' camp. I am confirmed in the necessity of this course from the apprehension of the messengers just arrived. They were by no means satisfied that they would not be taken and lodged with Curritonka on their arrival. That fate was predicted before they left Devil's Lake, and they were strongly urged to remain where they were. As soon as the Indians have provided meat to leave with their families, I propose sending three or four good men from the James River camp (say about the 1st of February) to visit the camp at Devil's Lake and disabuse the Indians in regard to the punishment which the Red River half-breeds assure them will be inflicted upon them when they are once within the power of the authorities here. I fear that unless this is done the Indians may be so far imposed upon as to prevent their coming down, which is a matter of importance to the Red River traders, of whom there are quite a number now trading at Devil's Lake. These messengers report that the Standing Buffalo braced up his courage to a pitch that enabled him to reach the end of the woods on the James some time since on his way to his post. Upon his arrival there, he began to reflect upon the dangers upon which he was advancing, and he expressed some doubts as to the propriety of pursuing the journey he had undertaken until he could obtain the latest news from this part of the country, and for that purpose he visited Devil's Lake, which visit resulted in his returning in great haste to his camp on the Mouse River. The latest intelligence these messengers have from Turtle Mountain is that there are a few more than 100 lodges of Medawakantos and Wahpetons encamped there. The remainder of the hostile Indians

