
are on the Mouse, Assinaboine, and Missouri Rivers. The camp on the Turtle Mountain is said to be in an absolute state of destitution, the rabbits furnishing their food and clothing. When these messengers return to their camp I will direct their moving to the James River instead of coming in here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. BROWN,

Major and Special Military Agent.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,New Orleans, La., January 26, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, the following extracts from the report of the assistant inspector-general, U. S. forces at Kennerville, La.:

On the 20th instant the force consisted of four brigades of infantry, numbering nineteen regiments and four batteries of artillery. The command is encamped on the left bank of the River at Kenner, La., in consecutive order, by brigades, the first occupying the farthest position up the River. The ground is naturally exceedingly flat, low, and damp, and the violent and continued rain-storms that have prevailed since the arrival of the troops have so softened in that with the little drainage the whole surface if transferred to yielding mud, greatly increasing the difficulties of transportation, and almost annulling the usual requirements of troops in military drills and exercises. The sick report has greatly increased since the arrival of the troops at this point, thought the prevailing complaints are not of a serious nature. The men are generally well provided with tents and camp equipage, though a large proportion of these supplies have been greatly damaged by field service. The worthless articles are being rapidly condemned and replaced. The hospital department is well supplied and cared for, the sick requiring extra attention being forwarded to the hospitals in New Orleans. The ambulances are in good condition and number about forty, and an efficient ambulance corps is being organized. The quartermaster's and commissary departments are well and promptly supplies. There are no depots at the post, for want of proper accommodations, and everything is brought up from New Orleans. If the camp continues here I think it advisable to erect depots, however temporary, to avoid delay in important cases, as stores cannot be kept on hand here without exposure to the weather. The transportation in the command amounts to 147 wagons and 938 mules, which is now being distributed in accordance with general orders from these headquarters, and will allow about seven wagons to a regiment and two to a battery. The discipline is generally good. The men are respectfully, tractable, and obedient, and the morale, already favorable, would, with a compact organization of the command and the routine of drills and military instructions, become excellent. The arms are generally in good, serviceable condition, except in the regiments armed with Enfield rifles, a larger proportion of which rifles are found unserviceable than in the same number of Springfield muskets. Accountermets are generally in good order. There are deficiencies in some regiments arising from the were and tear of service and not being timely replaced. There are being rapidly filled by requisitions. Ammunition is of good quality and well supplied. The horses of the artillery are in good condition, well fed, groomed, and cared for. In general, it may be said that the condition of the command is ordinarily good and efficient. It is rapidly being supplied and refitted with what is necessary, although such deficiencies are unusually great. Its general heath is good, and although the troops are not now in a fit condition for a long campaign, they are rapidly approaching such condition, though the unusually wet weather and bad condition of the camps and roads have much interfered and delayed the results sought.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

