HDQRS. DIST. OF W. FLORIDA AND S. ALABAMA,East Pascagoula, Miss., January 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the Military Division old West Mississippi desires to concentrated the whole of your brigade at Pensacola with a view to the organization of the division you are to command. You will therefore proceed at once to Barrancas, Fla., and disembark your command, immediately thereupon ordering all your transports that can come into the sound to report to me at this place. The detached regiments of your brigade, Sixty-night Indiana and Ninety-seventh Illinois, will be ordered to you as soon as transportation is furnished.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 26, 1865.

Colonel W. SAYLES,

Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Donaldsonville:

(Through General Cameron.)

It is very important that the cavalry and infantry arrive at Bayou Goula about the same time on the appointed day. General Sherman directs that you telegraph to Bonnet Carre the time you will be there, so that the infantry will regulate themselves accordingly. Acknowledge receipt.

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 26, 1865.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock, Ark:

General Grant wishes you to report your views in regard to the line which should he held and occupied next spring by the troops in your department, and also the number and character of the troops required for such occupation. The abandonment of Helena has been recommended by intercepting officers, both on account of its unimportance and its unhealthiness.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 24. Little Rock, Ark., January 26, 1865.

* * * * *

5. The commanding officer in charge of detachment of First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, now at this post, will proceed with the detachment and horses, stores, and equipage of the regiment to Memphis, Tenn., reporting on arrival to Major-General Dana, commanding Depart-

