
ment of Mississippi. All officers and men of this regiment in this department will accompany this detachment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., January 26, 1865 - 8. 30 a. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

My command is all on the road, except the Pine Bluff brigade, which is to form the rear guard. It consists of 582 infantry, 157 cavalry, and 2 pieces of artillery (James rifles). General Clayton turned out more than he at first thought he could spare. My whole command consists of 2,459 infantry, 1,060 cavalry, and 6 pieces. Total infantry and cavalry 3,519. Number of men with artillery not reported, but a full complement for the guns.

Respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., January 26, 1865.

Major-General DANA,

Memphis, Tenn.:

About ten days since McCray ordered two captains of his command, then at home about Batesville, to report to Colonel Lyles, in the Mississippi Bottom, near Memphis, on the 22nd of this month. The order stated that he wanted none but young, able-bodied men, and 400 was the number required. It is reported in his command that 2,000 stand of arms are in waiting to be taken across the Mississippi River at or near Buck Island. The arms crossed in July last were crossed at that place. He has told his men that he has sufficient cotton to clothe his whole command, and that he has arrangements made to get the clothing. The cotton is supposed to be in the Mississippi Bottom, most probably in the vicinity of Island Numbers 40. Island Numbers 40 is a point for smuggling. My informant states that he has seen in the last few months fifty or sixty barrels of salt which were procured at that place, and is satisfied that several hundred barrels have been procured by rebels from that place during the period above named. James Henderson, now living at Cottonwood Point, some twenty miles above Memphis, is a smuggler and partner of John Gridler, who recently escaped custody at Saint Louis, and may be concerned in some way with the cotton and arms. Gridler is now in this State; was not long since at Hopefield (opposite Memphis), and procured a pair of boots which were brought across the River for him. There is a man by the name of Thompson at Hopefield who is engaged in getting salt from Memphis and selling it to rebels. Reves, with about 400 men, is now in the neighborhood of New Madrid, Mo. D. C. Cross, of this State, spends much of this time in Memphis and assists in smulling. He lives on Crowley's Ridge, and guerrilla chiefs not unfrequently make his house their headquarters. William

