SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 27. New Orleans, January 27, 1865.

* * * * * * *

9. The detachment of the First Texas Cavalry now at Brazos Santiago, Tex., will without delay proceed to Baton Rouge, La., and rejoin the remainder of the regiment at that post. All Government horses with this detachment will be turned in to the post quartermaster at Brazos Santiago. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,First Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT PIKE, January 27, 1865.

(Received 5. 10 p. m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

There is one armed launch in Jordan River. They came down as far as Bay Saint Louis on Saturday evening. I send the reports I have of the matter by first conveyance.

Your obedient servant,

ALFRED G. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

BAYOU GOULA, January 27, 1865.

(Received 2 p. m. 28th.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place at 3 p. m. to-day with five companies of my own regiment. I have encamped my command in the village, and shall to-morrow proceed to complete your instructions. I found on my arrival here Major Hatch, Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, with five companies of his regiment on board the steamer Iberville. The strength of the command is: Third Rhode Island Cavalry, 2 field officers, 1 adjutant, 6 line officers, 162 enlisted men; Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, 1 field officer, 2 staff officers, 8 line officers, 339 enlisted men. Please state whether the couriers between this post and Donaldsonville are to be furnished from my command exclusively. Lieutenant Miles, of the engineers, joined me at Donaldsonville.

Respectfully,

WILLARD SAYLES,

Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Sayles should furnish his own courier. It was expected that his cavalry force would be much larger than he reports it.

T. W. SHERMAN.

