
Nation occupies a peculiar position. No Treasury agent is sent to it, on the decision of the Secretary of the Treasury that it is not a "State in rebellion. " The Indians have been connected with us by treaties. The purpose of the order is merely to check existing abuses, and conform as closely as possible to orders elsewhere and all the rules that are known. Copies of two communications already forwarded through district headquarters are also inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,Natchez, Miss., January 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of date the 23rd instant in reply to my request that the Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry might be retained in my command, and to report that I have this day ordered this regiment to embark for Kennerville, La. I have to request that I may be authorized to retain Major S. S. L'Hommedieu, of that regiment, as acting assistant inspector-general of this district. He has been acting in that capacity since I assumed this command, and has performed his duties as such, to my entire satisfaction. In this connection I inclose a letter in his behalf from Major-General Sherman to Major-General Canby, which letter please return after perusal. Colonel Moore is at present on duty as member of a general court-martial for the trial of a case of outrages committed by negro troops. So soon as this case is concluded he will rejoin his regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 27, 1865.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Shall I send cavalry? If so, shall it go dismounted?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 27, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis:

Any cavalry that you can spare for General Canby will be mounted at cavalry depot at Saint Louis.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

