
Captain Bostwick, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding at Patterson, reports information obtained from scouts and spies in relation to the concentration of Confederate troops in Northeast Arkansas, as follows:

* * * * * * *

General McRae, commanding in Northeast Arkansas, issued an order about the 15th instant, ordering his command into camp at Jacksonport on the 25th of January, with the promise that they should be clothed and furloughed to go home and make's crop. General McRae has from 200 to 400 men in Lost Bottom, North White. They are not in camp, but scattered through the country at their homes. Colonel Tom. Freeman, of McRae's command, by virtue of General McRae's order of the 15th of January, ordered his men together about fifteen miles below Batesville, and got only nine officers and no men, the men declaring that they would not go; they would die at home first. Colonel Reves, of General McRae's command, is not trying to get his men together. Lieutenant Colonel B. Austin Johnson, of Reves' regiment, has from forty to eighty men on the border. Major Berryman is in Oil Trough Bottom, below the White River, with from 80 to 100 men, camping wherever he can find forage for his horses and provisions for his men. Captain Pratt, Captain Denis, Captain Philips, Captain Wever, and Lieutenant Williams have independent companies, and roam through the southeastern counties of Missouri and the northern counties of Arkansas, having them from ten to thirty men each. There are numerous squads of outlaws straying in the hills and plundering from all parties. From the best information that I can obtain, I do not think that they have any intention of making a raid into Missouri, only by those bands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 27, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that to-morrow morning 200 men march from Patterson, 170 from Cape Girardeau, 50 from Dallas, and 75 from Bloomfield, in all 495 men; all to be concentrated at Ash Hill under command of Colonel J. B. Rogers, who is to move thence to or beyond Jacksonport to break up any Confederate forces he may find in that region.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 27, 1865.

General EWING,

Commanding:

Two hundred men march from Patterson to-morrow and 170 from here, 50 from Dallas, 75 from Bloomfield at 7 o'clock; all to be concentrated at Ash Hill, from which place I intend to move to Pocahontas, scouring the country from there. Intend to move rapidly to Jacksonport and endeavor to cut up McRae, who is said to be near there with parts of three regiments. I intend to go as far as circumstances will admit, and advance and retreat as I can. Do you approve?

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

