
SAINT LOUIS, January 27, 1865.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

Dispatch received. I approve of the plan for the expedition.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 27, 1865.

Colonel ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

When will your expedition get off?

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., January 27, 1865.

Captain GIBSON,

Assistant Inspector, Saint Louis District:

The expedition under Major Robbins had three skirmishes with the enemy. In the first he killed 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 6 men, and captured 24 horses. In the second engagement Captain Cochran's detachment killed seven men and captured a few stand of arms. In the third engagement, under Lieutenant Rinne, Second Missouri Artillery, killed 19 men, captured 50 horses and a few stand of arms. I will forward a full report to General Ewing in a few days. In making out the report of the 23rd instant it was unintentionally omitted.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Rolla, Mo.:

GENERAL: Select from the accompanying list* twenty of the worst families of bushwhackers and order them to leave the department within twenty days from date of issue of the order, directing them to go by the way of the south line of the State, and to proceed 100 miles beyond the limits of the State and department. If found within that distance they will be promptly arrested, their property seized, and themselves imprisoned. In the issuing of the orders state that they are banished by my orders, and for being the families of notorious bush whackers and for openly persisting in aiding, feeding, harboring, and giving all encouragement in their power to guerrillas, bushwhackers, and outlaws. These families will be allowed the privilege of taking with them sufficient of their personal property, such as clothing, &amp;c., to render them comfortable. The inclosed papers will be returned with a complete list of families banished in accordance with these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

