
MACON, January 27, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMART,

Commanding, Mexico, Mo.:

General Dodge directs the immediate concentration of the Forty-ninth at some point on the North Missouri Railroad. You will execute the order at once and report by telegraph to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LIBERTY, MO., January 27, 1865.

(Received 2. 45 p. m. 28th.)

Major General G. M. DODGE:

John Reton was killed by a squad of men belonging to Captain De Smith's company (L), Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, stationed at Plattsburg, Clinton County, Mo. That company has been ordered to Macon City to be mustered out of service. John Reton, sr., is not dead. Madison Morris was wounded, not killed, while in the treets of Liberty. The firing party was concealed, but it is believed that a man from Kansas is the person, as he has not been seen since that time. Morris is getting well.

ANGUS BARTLETT,

Major, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 19. Fort Riley, Kans., January 27, 1865.

* * * * * * *

5. Company L, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Ellsworth, Kans., and will proceed without delay to Fort Larned, Kans., reporting upon their arrival to the commanding officer of that post for duty.

6. Company H, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Riley, Kans., and will proceed without delay to Fort Ellsworth, Kans.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Denver, Colo. Ter., January 27, 1865.

Messrs. BAUM &amp; CO.,

Kansas City and Santa Fe Stage Co., Booneville, Colo. Ter.:

GENTLEMEN: Your communication relative to the danger anticipated from the Indians, and your designs to withdraw the stage stock and discontinue the carrying of the U. S. mail, is before me. I regret very much that the existence of such a state of affairs renders it, in your judgment, unsafe for the coaches to travel. You are well aware that the Overland route is entirely shut up except for very large trains, so that with your withdrawal we would be entirely cut off from all communication

