
from the eastern would. You also know that my hands are being and have been tied ever since my arrival here; that not 200 available men were at my command in the entire district, and although Fort Lyon is now in my command, yet the regiment is just being consolidated, and therefore hardly in a fit condition to be moved until the transfer going on is completed. I will instruct the commanding officer at Camp Fillmore will do the same thing with the limited means at his command. I sincerely trust, gentlemen, that you will continue with the coach on the line, at least until the Indians really make open demonstrations of hostility against you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., January 27, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT LYON, COLO. TER.:

SIR: I have just received a communication from the Kansas City and Santa Fe Stage Company, in which they threaten to stop running the coaches owing to the hostility of the Indians. This must be avoided if possible, as it is the only route now open to the eastward. You will afford the stage company all the protection you possible can, and use your efforts to prevent so great a calamity as is likely to befall us should the company adhere to their expression. I have communicated with them on the subject, and they are aware that you are receiving these instructions. Push on the work of the fortifications, as it is very likely your command will soon be reduced. I have ordered that Assistant Surgeon Smith be sent you for duty at Fort Lyon. Should Captain Jacobs not have left for this place in compliance with original instructions, have him do so at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 28, 1865.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th instant, transmitting a copy of General Sherman's letter of the 25th ultimo,* in relation to supplying the want of forage for armies in advanced positions by a system of foraging in the enemy's country. This important matter has heretofore and shall continue to receive my earnest attention, and your views agree perfectly with my own on the subject. Copies of General Sherman's and your own letters have been furnished to the commanders of departments and armies in this command, with instructions to carry out these views whenever applicable and practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Vol. XLIV, P. 807.

---------------

