
CITY HOTEL, NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 28, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: An old acquaintance, reliable and intelligent, has just arrived from Texas who has had peculiar facilities for mixing with the people of the State generally. He informs me the people generally are sick unto death of the rebellion and only await an invasion in sufficient force to gain confidence of ability to protect them to inaugurate an extensive and formidable rebellion against the existing rebellion. He represents the disaffection wide-spread and general. At Brownsville he states there are 800 rebel troops under command of Slaughter, and he says fully one-half of these troops will cross into Mexico if a movement is made upon them, and the balance will scatter and go home. He represents them completely demoralized, and says when any reported movement on Brownsville has been reported the rebels have had their arrangements made to evacuate. At a called session of the legislature of the State recently held one of the best intellects in the State boldly announced a return to the allegiance as their only salvation. He estimates the rebel force in the Trans-Mississippi Department as follows: Price's army at Lanesport, above the Red River ralf, 8,000 men; Magruder's army at Monroe, Fulton, and vicinity, 9,000; Buckner's army, 4,000; Cooper and Stand Watie, Indian Nation, 3,000; at Houston, Tex., and vicinity, 1,000; at Brownsville, Tex., and vicinity, 800; at Galveston, Tex., 1,500; Colonel Beard, Falls and adjoining counties, 400; total, 27,700. County militia organizations might be added which would probably swell the number 5,000. They are generally most reliable to do no fighting. Mr. W. thinks that a very large per cent. of those now in the army would avail themselves of the first opportunity to abandon the service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. C. PHILIPS.

BATON ROUGE, LA., January 28, 1865.

(Received 4. 25 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Gulf:

The following telegram just received from Port Hudson and furnished for information:

It is rumored that Colonel Scott is concentrating a considerable force at some point between Jackson and Woodville. A party has been seen in the vicinity of Jackson wearing the Federal uniform. Five hundred men and two pieces of artillery left Jackson a week ago Friday, it is supposed for the above point.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, January 28, 1865-10. 45 a. m.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding Post, Lewisburg:

A scout came in last night who reports that Newton has crossed to the north side of the River above Dardanelle with about 1,600 men and one piece of artillery. Is there any truth in the report?

R. F. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Department of Arkansas.

