HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,Bayou Macon, January 28, 1865.

Major-General DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi:

GENERAL: The command will have crossed by 12 m. to-night. I move at daylight toward Harrison's camp, but have made a diversion toward Monticello. Have taken two prisoners; learn from them that Price is alive and gone to Texas, where a part of his command are; that the bushwhackers, &amp;c., brought out of Missouri by him are devastating all Western Arkansas. All Confederate troops are concentrated at Alexandria; only one brigade at Camden. Could co-operate with troops from Little Rock and take the city if I had the orders. I believe Shreveport can be taken by the cavalry from Little Rock. Troops in excellent condition and roads very good. Shall be at Gaines' Landing again in nine or ten days. Have ordered the boats to remain there and have sent to the mouth of White River for a barge of coal for their use. This I decided upon because I found the swamp from Tensas River to Black River an impassable swamp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 25. Memphis, Tenn., January 28, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Lackland, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, is assigned to duty as provost-marshal of the Post and Defenses of Memphis. The following assistants are assigned him: Captain John L. Wilson, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, in charge of Irving Block Prison and records pertaining to prisoners; Captain J. E. McDermott, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, in charge of the pass department; Captain John W. Plummer, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, inspector of permits for goods; Captain D. R. McCutchen, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, acting quartermaster of provost-marshal's department, in charge of property; Captain S. E. Rankin, Eighth Iowa Infantry, evidence department. Major J. M. Raum, One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry, is relieved from the charge of the Irving Block Prison and will report for duty to these headquarters. The above assignments to duty are temporary until approved at department headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch:

R. G. CURTIS,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Memphis, Tenn., January 28, 1865.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: I have just received from Colonel McArthur, Fourth U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), commanding Post of Columbus, Ky., a dispatch stating that Brigadier-General Meredith, commanding District

