HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 28, 1865.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

Your favor of the 24th instant came duly to hand. There is no objection on my part to Captain Morton continuing to report to you and drawing his supplies from your district. I will have the general orders of the district sent to him, and he will be governed in his general conduct and management by them. I will write to him to-day to continue to report to you. There seems to be considerable party bitterness and ill feeling in that section yet. Captain Morton should avoid as much as possible a connection with either party, and devoting himself to the duty of arresting and punishing all promoters of strife and violation of law without regard to fear or favor. I have some troops of the old Seventh Provisional in the vicinity of Osceola, but do not expect for him to keep them there a great while. The people and families in Arkansas are talking loudly of a general guerrilla crusade into this State again in the spring, so my scouts from Arkansas say. If the people will meet them with spirit and determination when they first come in, my opinion is that they will not remain all summer, as was the case last year. I expect to be fully advised as to the plans of the enemy for the spring campaign in about two weeks, and will communicate my information to you. The telegraph wire should be put up from here to Sedatia, I think, that you may be earlier advised of the movements of the bands north. The only force wintering north of the Arkansas is Dobbin's brigade, which is camped on Crowley's Ridge, between the Saint Francis and Blue Water Rivers. Men from this command say that bushwhacking will open vigorously as ever as soon as the leaves come out. Write when convenient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, January 28, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Commanding, Lexington, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs that on Wednesday morning, February 1, you will start from your command a scout of all your available cavalry to act upon the following basis: The move to begin on Wednesday morning next, February 1, 1865, and continue five days; a force of fifty men to move from Warrensburg to Tabo, La Fayette County, to patrol the creek. A column will at the same time move from Warrensburg and pass east of Columbus and to the vicinity of Wagon and Buck Knobs, throwing out a flanking party to Renick Mills. All the available cavalry will move from Pleasant Hill to the left and a little south of Buck Knob. The balance of Colonel Harding's cavalry in the Fourth Sub-District will be thrown toward Lisbon, on the Missouri River, with instructions to patrol toward Wellington. Colonel Harding will also press in as much infantry as he can into the Snibar Hills and vicinity of Chapel Hill, to scour the brush and hills. Your force will move from Lexington to Greenton Valley. All officers connected with the move will be advised of the plan, to prevent any mishaps. To insure recognition, let the party who hails ask, "Who

