
water is rising in the swamps and very cold, so it seems as though none but a desperate man would attempt to pass. Williams' horses and men are badly used up, so I think nothing need be apprehended from him for a fortnight at least. When I came down the day after Brown and his men came from Grossetete I was told that they crossed at Leonard's, and that he had a new flat-boat concealed in the willows. I found the flat to-day, but he denies any knowledge of it. I therefore send him to you.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. FREDERICK RICE.

Captain, Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. H. BARNEY,

Post Adjutant, Plaquemine.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF PLAQUEMINE,Plaquemine, La., February 5, 1865.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith the official report of Captain L. Frederick Rice, commanding the mounted expedition sent out from this post, concerning the skirmish on the morning of yesterday at The Park.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. SHAW,

Major, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

THE PARK, February 4, 1865-1 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the occurrences of the past night more in detail than I could do this morning. Somewhere near midnight the vidette posted below my position here, nearly opposite the junction of Bayou Plaquemine with Grand River, heard a party approaching through the water that covers the road still farther down. Hastily alarming the camp, we were enabled to make the proper disposition for their reception before the rebels opened fire. The vidette fired four shots as he fell back, and the rebels advanced, with loud yells, which had but the effect of disclosing the extent of their deployed line which the darkness and fog would not permit us to see. I at first took a small squad to the lower extremity of the buildings of Madam Sellier, but being warned by the splashing of the water that the rebels were sending a portion of their force around between me and the swamp, with the probable intention of striking my flank or rear, I fell back a short distance to the fence just below the saw-mill, where I took a position which I retained during the entire affair. The rebels advanced to the fences next below me, and tearing them down passed through, at the same time opening fire. Waiting for an opportunity, I commenced and for perhaps half an hour the work was quite brisk. During this time one of my men, Michale Hagerty, was killed and one of the rebels wounded and captured. Soon after re-enforcements retreating. I am happy to state that not a single instance of misconduct among my men was observed by me; while at the mounted squad, soon followed by Lieutenant Barber, with all the force

