
column will also at the same time from Lexington to Greenton Valley. The officers connected with this move will be advised of the plan, to prevent mishaps. To insure recognition, let the party who hails ask, "Who comes there?" Answer, "America. " The party hailed then asks, "Who are you?" Answer, "Dodge. " You will report fully the result of your co-operation immediately on return of the scout. You will also instruct the officer in charge to ascertain the names of all families belonging to bushwhackers, their aiders an abettors, an report their names, age, and the number of each six.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CONKLIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., January 28, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District, Kansas City, Mo.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 25th instant is received. I am gratified at the favorable aspect of affairs in your district, and most sincerely hope we shall, through your energy and wisdom, be able to compose that troubled country and see it once more prosperous. I am unable to say how the place of the outgoing Missouri State Militia is to be supplied. I have some time ago laid the whole matter before the department commander. My own impression is that the main reliance for Missouri for military protection in the coming season is on the militia to be organized under the bill in process of completion. The horses (public) of the Missouri State Militia being mustered out will be reissued to the remaining companies, so as to keep them mounted. I am having large number of copies of General Orders, Numbers 7, prepared and will send you your proportion with detailed instructions. I leave in the morning for Saint Louis to advise with General Dodge, and will urge the transfer to your district of the residue of your regiment. I propose the following scout, the movement to begin on Wednesday morning next and continue for four or five days: I will send from here a force to Tabo, La Fayette County, to patrol the creek; a column from here to pass east of Columbus and to the vicinity of Wagon and Buck Knobs, throwing out a flanking party to Renick Mills. You send your available cavalry from Pleasant Hill to the left and a little south of Buck Knob. Throw the balance of your cavalry toward Lisbon, on the Missouri River, with instructions to patrol toward Wellington, and then press in as much infantry as you can into Snibar Hills and vicinity of Chapel Hill, to scour the bush and caves. I will also move at the same time a scout from Lexington to Greenton Valley. Keep the infantry on the center and cavalry on the circumference, and I think if there is a den of the rebel beasts in that locality we will stir it up. Look well to the rear of your infantry; advise your officers prevent mishaps. To insure recognition, let the party who hails ask, "Who comes there?" Answer, "America. " The party hailed then asks, "Who are you?" Answer, "Dodge. " Report fully the result of your co-operation immediately on return of the scout.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

