
plained of is to be found in the fact that this rightful authority of the commanding officer is not exercised to enforce existing orders, which, when properly enforced, will be found amply sufficient to maintain that quiet and subordination which are the distinguishing characteristics of a good soldier. These orders require, among other things, first, that soldiers be prohibited from leaving their camps without written permission, unless on duty, and from lounging about the town in barrooms, saloons, or the streets; second, that drunkenness must not be tolerated in any command. You are directed and required to see that these rules are strictly enforced for the future at your post. Especially is it your duty to see that the provisions of the inclosed order (General Orders, Numbers 9, district headquarters, of 1864, regulating the sale of intoxicating liquors) are strictly complied with to the fullest extent. While this order makes it the special duty of the local provost-marshal to confiscate the stock of merchants and others violating its provisions, it also requires you, its commanding officer, to see that this is done, and others violating its provisions, it also requires you, its commanding officer, to see that this is done, and if necessary, in the absence of the provost-marshal or otherwise, to cause it to be done yourself. You will establish and maintain a sufficient provost guard to enforce these rules. You will place this guard in charge of an efficient and discreet officer, and hold him and them responsible for a prompt and faithful discharge of their duties. Direct then to arrest all soldiers absent from camp without a pass, unless on duty, and all found drunk, and see to it that men thus offending are summarily punished by confinement, extra duty, or otherwise, as the nature of the case may demand. Appoint an officer of the day each day and hold him to a rigid discharge of his duties. By these and other means, which will readily suggest themselves, it is hoped that the evils complained of will shortly cease. Quiet and good order must be re-established and maintained at your post for the future, and you will be held strictly responsible that this is done, and will if necessary use the entire force at your disposal to accomplish this end.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 28, 1865.

M. H. RITCHEY,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication of the 24th instant came duly to hand and the contents are noted. I am and for a long time have been fully aware of the irregularities and crimes committed by some of our troops, and know more fully than anybody else can the difficulty in suppressing them entirely. The whole difficulty in this matter is with the people and those against whom these wrongs and crimes are committed. How are these evils to be remedied unless the parties inflicting them are punished? How are the parties to be punished unless they are reported and known? And how are they to be known unless reported by the persons who suffer by them? I have made every effort since I have been in command here to induce the people to report every wrong and irregularity committed upon their persons and property at once to me or to the district provost-marshal. In those sections of the district where this is done quiet and good order prevails. Where the people cannot be induced to do it irregularities and lawlessness to some extent

43 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I.

