HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 28, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding all quiet this side of Fort Larned. Small guerrilla bands and war parties of Indians between Lyon and Larned. Streeter &amp; Strickler's train was attacked, and train and escort returned to Fort Larned, with a loss of 1 killed and 2 wounded. The sergeant in command of escort has been arrested, and the affair will have a thorough investigation. I forward by this mail the report of the sergeant in command. I would also respectfully invite the attention of the general commanding to the reports of Major Anthony, commanding officer at Fort Lyon, as giving a brief outline of affairs upon the western edge of my district. The report of Captain Booth, district inspector, made in pursuance to Circular Numbers 80, Adjutant-General's Office, and Special Orders, Numbers 239, paragraph 5, from department headquarters, shows the condition of that portion of the First Colorado Cavalry in this district. I would respectfully ask for instructions in their case, and suggest that the whole regiment be ordered to Fort Lyon (where the majority of it is now on duty) or consolidated and reorganized, and that a special mustering officer be sent out for this purpose. Two companies of the Eleventh Kansas, E and C, with the four mountain howitzers have been sent to Fort Larned, which, with Companies E, F, M, and L, of the Second Colorado Cavalry (although these latter companies are much reduced in numbers), will render the travel between Larned to Lyon safe against any ordinary war parties of Indians. Fort Zarah is garrisoned by Companies C, G, K, and I, Second Colorado Cavalry, with two mountain howitzers. The Third Wisconsin Cavalry will arrive at this post on Monday, and shall be sent forward at once. A thorough system of scouting is kept up at the posts so that moving parties of Indians are well watched. An intelligent half-breed Cheyenne Indian-the son of a late sutler at Fort Laramie-who was within the Indian camp at Sand Creek at the time of the Colonel Covington affair, and who was obliged to run with them, has just come into my headquarters and confirms the report of Major Anthony, and states that there are from 2,500 to 3,000 warriors encamped 140 miles north of Fort Lyon, waiting but the opportunity to strike a blow upon the frontier settlements. The name of this half-breed is Edward Gurrier; address, Paola, Kans. Before a campaign can be made against the Indians more horses will have to be sent to the troops, as about one-half are dismounted. The district is also but poorly supplied with ammunition, owing to the neglect or want of forethought on the part of the acting ordnance officer. Owing to the slowness with which the quartermaster and commissary supplies are forwarded from Leavenworth that department of my district is not in as good condition as tit should be. For this reason I have sent Captain D. W. Scott, chief quartermaster of the district, to Fort Leavenworth, together with Lieutenant Manville, regimental quartermaster Second Colorado Cavalry, to make arrangements for the forwarding of supplies and horses and other important business connected with that department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding District.

