SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 20. Fort Riley, Kans., January 28, 1865.

1. Companies E and C, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, are hereby relieved from duty with their regiment and will proceed to Fort Larned, Kans., reporting upon their arrival to the commanding officer Fort Larned for duty. The chief quartermaster District of Upper Arkansas will furnish the necessary transportation to Fort Larned, Kans.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,

Fort Riley, January 28, 1865.

Captain THOMAS MOSES, JR.,

Commanding Fort Larned:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant in regard to the size of garrison at Fort Larned. I have this day ordered Company L, Second Colorado Cavalry, from Fort Ellsworth to Fort-Larned for duty, and two companies of the Eleventh Kansas will leave here in a day or two, viz, Company E, with four mountain howitzers, and C squadron, to report to you for duty, which I think will give you sufficient garrison for all your work. The colonel commanding wishes you to put up a sufficient quantity of ice for the use of the garrison during the coming summer months; at any rate sufficient for the use of the hospital. Mr. Shrewsbury, corn contractor, starts his train with corn sufficient to fill his contract immediately for your post, so that you need not purchase of other parties. The paymaster arrived here on the 24th instant, but will not be with you for about two weeks. Have that affair thoroughly investigated-the attack upon the sutler's train. The colonel commanding is of the impression that the affair was mismanaged, and that the escort did indiscriminate plundering and were drunk at the time of the attack.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULP,New Orleans, January 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to state for the information of the major-general commanding that the good of the service requires that Brigadier-General Ullmann, commanding at Morganza, be relieved from that post. I have reason to believe, though without evidence to prove it, that Mr. Dumas, the so-called post sutler, is an agent or partner of the general. He has repeatedly violated orders and military etiquette in communicating direct with headquarters military division, and is not, in my judgment, fit for the important place he holds. I have no officer to replace him with, and think that this post and district should be separated from

