
District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson and commanded by a good officer of old date. The District of Pensacola (West Florida) is now of sufficient importance to require the services of a more active officer than General McKean. There is no position fault to be found with him except the deficiency of life and energy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 29, 1865.

Captain J. L. PRICE,

Ninth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry Detachment:

You will march your men on board the Ella and proceed up the River, landing two miles above on the east side at an old ferry. After landing move your men eastwardly a mile or two, and then take a road running northward until you strike the bayou connecting White River with the Cache River. Along this bayou you will establish a picket-line, and then scour the country between the two rivers. If you find armed men skulking about shoot them on the spot. Unarmed men, women, and children you will treat with kindness and consideration, respecting private property. You are furnished with three days' rations, and will be held responsible that during that time no pillaging or taking of private property is allowed. Keep up the picket-line and establish your camp at supporting distance without molesting private citizens. Within three days you will receive further orders.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Jefferson City, Mo., January 29, 1865.

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, U. S.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit that the condition of Missouri justifies me in making and the United States in accepting the following proposition: That I will call out and organize for twelve months' service in the State of Missouri the number of men embraced in the quota of the State under the recent call of the President in such proportions of infantry and cavalry as the commanding general of this department may direct, they to be accepted in satisfaction of the quota of the State.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 29, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate that the following forces of the enemy are north of the Arkansas River, viz: Colonel Buck Brown's

