
4, series of 1864, from these headquarters, is hereby ordered to report to the commanding general Department of the Gulf for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

3. The commanding officer of the Eighty-third Ohio Volunteers will proceed with his regiment, via Lake Pontchartrain Railroad, to Lakeport, where a steamer is in readiness to carry the command to the District of West Florida and Southern Alabama. Arriving off East Pascagoula, the commanding officer will report for orders to Major-General Granger without disembarking his troops, and if that place is no longer held by our forces he will proceed to Fort Gaines and report in like manner.

* * * * * * *

5. Major James E. Montgomery, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in this command and ordered to proceed to Washington, D. C., and report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army. This action is based upon a surgeon's certificate, showing that a change of climate is absolutely necessary to save life or prevent permanent disability.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 30th day of January, 1865: A communication from Major O. P. Newberry, Salem, Mo., January 18, 1865, states that it is rumored that General Freeman (reported from this office as commanding a brigade in Marmaduke's division of cavalry) has disbanded his force until spring, when it is to be reorganized. His force is now scattered over the country in squads of eight or ten men. A communication from Captain Andrew G. Fitz, Port Hudson, January 25, states that a Confederate force of 400, under Colonel Powers, is reported at Beaver Creek Bridge, between Centerville and Liberty, Miss. Francis Reilly (a deserter from the City Battalion, Mobile), left Mobile January 22, 1865. Has been engaged a long time on the obstructions; states that there are the following water batteries: Battery Gladden, mounting four 32-pounders and two 64-pounders, six guns; Battery McIntosh, mounting four 32-pounders and two 64-pounders; Battery Tracy, small battery, inefficient; Battery Huger has 200 men working on it now, one gun; Spanish Fort, in which is a portion of the Fortieth Alabama. Thomas Vaughn, a deserter from the Buchanan Battery, formerly belonged to the gunboat Gaines, left Mobile January 22, 1865; states that Buchanan Battery is commanded by Captain P. U. Murphy. Captain Bennett, who lately commanded it, is now in command of the gun-boat Nashville; states there are four batteries at Choctaw Point, viz, Light-House

