
Battery (on side of light-house) mounts six guns, rifled; Missouri Battery mounts four guns, rifled; Buchanan Battery mounts four guns, rifled; Battery K (32-pounder rifles) farthest from the city. Eighteen or twenty deserters from the Federal Army are in the Light-House Battery. States that McCulloch's command started for Tupelo January 19 to join Dick Taylor. McCulloch's force numbers only 300. A part of Maury's cavalry has gone to Point Clear, east side of the bay. Maury's command numbers 800; Captain Brooks' company home-guard cavalry, 92; Butts' battalion home guards, 300; Casey's battalion home guards, 300; First and Second Alabama Reserves, home-guards, 1,000; cadets, 200; Charpentier's light artillery, 70; total in and about Mobile, 2, 762. States that General Beauregard was in Mobile January 20, 1865, since which little has been said in regard to the evacuation of the city. The fortification on Choctaw Bluff has been condemned and dismantled.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 30, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that permits and safe-conducts for the bringing out by the way of Yazoo River of products of insurrectionary districts, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 80, series of 1864, from these headquarters, may now be granted, subject to the usual restrictions and conditions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.)
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 30, 1865. (Received 8. 55 p. m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Harris, at Brashear City:

I have just learned that the rebels are repairing the road from Franklin to this place. They have been taking negroes from the plantations to do the work, and that Captain King remarked in the hearing of some of them that he guessed that it would do for General Buckner and his artillery to go over. The rebels have been very troublesome lately, stealing horses and conscripting on my front.

Major Davis is pursuing one party with a force from Napoleonville, and I have a detachment out from Thibodeaux after another party.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

