HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Thibodeaux:

General Sherman directs that you keep up as thorough reconnaissances as possible, and also catch those parties if possible. He would like to hear something more definite about the Franklin road, and asks if a trusty scout cannot be sent over there.

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DONALDSONVILLE, January 30, 1865.

(Via Bayou Goula. Received 1 p. m.)

Captain SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. I took five of the largest companies of the regiment for this expedition, and left at Napoleonville the five companies that had been at Donaldsonville. An expedition was sent out from here yesterday consisting of forty-five cavalry and one company of infantry, which has not yet returned. My last reports are that they are close upon Williams' band.

W. SAYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, January 30, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER PLAQUEMINE:

Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to call your attention to a closer watch of the communications between the Grossetete country and Bayou Goula. It is known that numbers of the enemy, even full companies, are in the habit of passing down that way to Bayou Goula and returning by same route. Is it possible that the enemy can thus pass and repass the Plaquemine Bayou at the distance of only six or seven miles from the post of Plaquemine without it being known in some way by the commanding officer there? If it be impracticable to maintain pickets at that point, are not reconnaissances made sufficiently often to know what is going on up there? Are there not loyal people enough about there from whom information can be obtained either directly or through scouts? Your most serious and immediate attention is called to this matter, and if you consider it impossible to put a stop to this state of things, you will so report it.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, January 30, 1865.

Major SHAW,

Commanding, Plaquemine:

Colonel Sayles reports that some of his force is pursuing Williams' band in the direction of Grand River, via Bayou La Butte. General

