HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 30, 1865.

First Lieutenant A. C. KUHN,

Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry, Commanding Detachment:

SIR: You are directed to go by steamer Ella to des Arc, and there take down and load on said steamer the frame of a large warehouse standing near the bank of the River; after which you will take down any other building which you find deserted, and which on inquiring you can satisfy yourself belongs to rebels. You will load the boat even if you are obliged to take down a house belonging to a loyal man, and in that case you will refer the owner to these headquarters and see that the material is all measured before loading. You will not touch the property of a loyal man except the frame of the warehouse referred to, if possible to load the boat without it, and in no case will you touch a building that is occupied, a church, or a school house. You will procure all the bricks and other suitable material for building chimneys possible. Some men of the quartermaster's department will accompany you, and you will advise with them as to the best manner of taking down a building. You will deploy a sufficient number of your men on landing to prevent citizens from mixing up with your men, and keep the arms of the fatigue party stacked on board with a guard. You will allow none of your men to pass outside of your skirmish line or mix up with the citizens. You will be held responsible that no pillaging or marauding is perpetrated. On your arrival back report to these headquarters before disembarking your men. On the return trip you may take on board any of the citizens that desire to visit this post, and also any goods and chattels they wish to bring, requiring them to report to the provost-marshal on arriving here. The captain will collect their fare and freight bills. Refugees and contrabands will be brought free of charge.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Little Rock, Ark., January 30, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The First Missouri Cavalry upon reaching Pine Bluff will dismount and turn over their horses to the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry at that post.

By order of Brigadier General J. R. West:

W. A. MARTIN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, January 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff, Ark.:

All destitute refugees should be sent to Cairo, Ill. There is no other provision that can be made for them than transportation and subsistence to that place.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

