HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 30, 1865.

Captain GEORGE L. SANBORN,

Late of the First Colorado Cavalry, Cherry Creek, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: In view of the scarcity of troops in this district and the exposed condition of your section of the country, with the hostile Indians all around you, you are hereby authorized and empowered to raise a company to protect that section of the country. You have power to compel every man able to bear arms, between the ages of eighteen and fifty, to enroll himself under your orders, and these men will by details be kept scouting the country for miles around, day and night. I trust this work of guarding your section of country to your vigilance, activity, and recognized fidelity and ability. I do not restrict you to any number of men, as I desire you to get every man as described for, say, ten miles around, reporting your action to these headquarters. The company will be a militia company, and I will consult with the governor in regard to the matter and get his adoption of the same, that you may be on a proper and equal footing with all others. I issue this order to you that the work may go on rapidly, and because I am informed from Fort Lyon that an attack is meditated on Denver through your section of country. Should the men not act promptly and cheerfully under these instructions, I will be compelled to call out every man under arms and hold them in the field until help arrives the States, but I prefer this mode, voluntary service always being better than compulsory.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

(Copy to governor of Colorado Territory and S. H. Elbert, acting governor of Colorado Territory.)

Joint resolution of the Legislative Assembly of New Mexico.

Whereas the Territory of New Mexico has for many years been exposed to the ruinous incursions of the Navajo Indians; and

Whereas the people of this Territory in seeking relief from the maievous injuries they have suffered at the hands of these Indians, have frequently petitioned Congress to place them upon a reservation and subject them to a discipline which would prevent them from the commission of more depredations in the future; and

Whereas Congress and the War and Interior Departments of the Government have approved the policy of placing these Indians upon a provisional reservation when they shall be changed from the condition of captivity in which they now are: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the council and house of representatives of the Territory of New Mexico, That these bodies tender their thanks to the Government of the United States for the manner in which it has complied with our petitions for relief from the wrongs which the Territory has suffered at the hands of its savage enemies, in reducing them to a state of captivity at the Bosque, as the place of security for the Navajoes and Apaches, and thereby placing it out of their power to commit further depredations in the future.

