
Be it further resolved, That to the brave soldiers and officers of our Territory, who pursued the Indians and conquered them in their rugged mountains and deep cafions, we owe a lasting debt of gratitude for the valor exhibited by them, and for the hardships and sufferings they endured in the was which resulted in securing peace to the Territory and in reducing the savages to a state of captivity.

Be it further resolved, That to Brigadier General James H. Carleton, commandant of this military department, we give our most grateful thanks for the energy he has manifested in prosecuting successful war against our savage enemies, and for introducing amongst us that Indian policy which has relieved the Territory from the depredations of the Navajoes, and which, if it should be continued, [will secure] protection against them for all time to come.

DIEGO ARCHULETA,

President of Council.

PEDRO VALDEZ,

President of House of Representatives.

Approved January 30, 1865.

HENRY CONNELLY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 30, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

Taos, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I received your letter from Fort Union, and it gratifies me to learn that you will not leave the service while I remain here. A great deal of my good fortune in Indian matters here-in fact nearly all with reference to Navajoes, Mescalero Apaches, an Kiowas-is due to you, and it affords me pleasure always to acknowledge the value of your services. The Comanche head chief has been into Bascom and wants peace. He has returned to get some of his principal men, when he will come back in the last quarter of the moon, he says, next month. Then I shall go down and see them, and if possible come to an understanding with them. If you get back in time I wish you to go with me.

Respectfully, your friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., January 30, 1865.

Mr. WILLIAM B. TIPTON,

Fort Union, N. Mex.:

(Care William H. Moore &amp; Co.)

DEAR SIR: I received your letter of the 27th instant yesterday. At the same time an express came from the commanding officer at Fort Bascom that the head chief of the Comanches had been in to that post with a white flag, and said his people wanted to make a treaty and be friends with us. He returned to get some of his principal men to come, and is to be at Fort Bascom in the last quarter of the moon, next month. I have written to Captain Bergmann, the commander at Fort Bascom, that if the tribe really desire peace, and he will send me word

44 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I.

