
light, Belle of Peoria, Maria Denning, and Landes. By 10 p. m., the embarkation being completed, the fleet started for Gaines' Landing, Ark. Nothing of interest occurred during the trip. On the morning of the 28th we arrived at Eunice, a point six miles above Gaines' Landing, at 4. 30 a. m. Owing to the darkness a collision occurred between the steamers Landes and Ida May, be which the latter was considerably damaged. The troops being disembarked, I immediately ordered the steamers John Raine, Autocrat, Illinois, Laurel Hill, and Maria Denning to proceed to Gaines' Landing, there to await further orders from me; and in order to save all unnecessary expense I relieved the smaller boats and order them to report to the quartermaster under whose charge they had been previously. At 8 a. m. we took up the line of march for Bayou Mason and arrived at the ferry at 1 p. m., the advance guard capturing a few pickets that had been stationed at the ferry for the purpose of preventing any cotton being brought to the Mississippi River unless properly permitted by the Cotton Bureau. Commenced ferrying the command across the Bayou, which was completed at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 29th. At this point I left one squadron of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry to guard the ferry, also thinking that probably they might be able to pick up any small scouting parties that would approach the Bayou. January 29, marched at 8 a. m. down the western bank of the Bayou to Mason's Lake, where we struck off in a southwesterly direction toward Bayou Bartholomew, the road running through an almost impassable swamp for a distance of twelve miles. Reached Bayou Bartholomew at Judge Belzer's about 2 p. m. Finding a considerable quantity of corn at this plantation, I directed the rear brigade to procure and take with them forage for night and morning, and then follow the command to the next plantation, about four miles down the Bayou. This last four miles of road was of even a worse character th twelve, and several pack-mules became so completely exhausted from fatigue and frequent miring down that they had to be abandoned. January 30, marched at 8 a. m. down the Bayou to Holloway's Ferry, a distance of twenty-five miles, nothing of interest occurring except the capture of some prisoners by the advance guard and horses and mules by flanking parties sent out for that purpose. Also burned a large steam grist-mill which was in the employ of the Confederate Government. At Holloway's Ferry I sent a detachment of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry across the Bayou. At the distance of a mile and a half from the ferry they found a supply depot which contained, besides a considerable amount of commissary stores, about 100 stand of arms and a large amount of ammunition. These, with the building, were destroyed. January 31, marched at 6 a. m. Hearing that the C. S. transport Jim Barkman was loading corn for the use of the troops at Camden at a point ten miles down the Bayou called Poplar Bluff, I immediately sent a detachment of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, at a rapid gait, to intercept and capture her, which was successfully performed, together with her crew and some 10 or 15 other prisoners, who were picked up in the vicinity. I placed a commissioned officer and twenty-five men on board the steam-boat and ordered them to proceed down the Bayou to Turner's wood-yard, where I intended encamping for the night, instructing the officer to take in tow all the ferry-boats he might find. At Poplar Bluff I ordered to be burned a distillery and grist-mill, together with a large lot of cotton and corn, which I was informed was the property of the Confederate Government.

