
exactly when I may meet some of the principal men, I will come down and see what we can do about it. We can never tell what tell what course an Indian will take if free to act as he pleases, but I think the Comanches, particularly those along our frontier, do not wish to continue the war.

I am, very truly, your friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 30. New Orleans, January 31, 1865.

1. The detachments of the Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Regiments of Cavalry now at Baton Rouge, La., will without delay proceed to Memphis, Tenn., and will be reported to Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding the Department of Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,First Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

New Orleans, January 31, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT PIKE:

Have a detachment of one officer and thirty good men in readiness to go on board the steamer Fort Gaines to co-operate with its commander in reconnoitering Bay Saint Louis and Jordan River and in apprehending guerrillas, &amp;c., reported to be molesting the inhabitants there. They will carry eighty rounds of ammunition and four days' rations. The Fort Gaines will leave Lakeport about 6 o'clock this p. m. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BAYOU GOULA, January 31, 1865.

(Received 12. 40 p. m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent on 29th instant one company of cavalry to the rear of the Randolph plantation and broke up a guerrilla camp there. We pursued the guerrillas (Captain Brown's band) back of the Richland plantation to Alex. Ambreaux's place, eight miles from the River, where they went into the swamp, where it was useless to attempt to follow them with cavalry. During the night they attempted to break through our pickets, but were repulsed, with one man severely wounded. On 30th instant a company of infantry was sent with the cavalry to the swamp, and Brown's party scattered in every direction through the swamp. The men were relieved last night by the same number of

