SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 28. Little Rock, Ark., January 31, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The following regiments will proceed without delay to Little Rock, Ark., and be reported on arrival to the commanding officer of the post for duty: Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

III. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, now at Pine Bluff, will proceed without delay to mouth of White River, Ark., and be reported on arrival to Brigadier-General McGinnis, commanding, for duty. All officers and men now detached from the regiment at Pine Bluff will accompany it. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

IV. The Second Brigade of the Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, as organized in Special Orders, Numbers 22, paragraph 8, current series, from these headquarters, will be assembled without delay at Little Rock and reported to Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding division. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation if necessary.

V. The following regiments of the Seventh Army Corps will proceed without delay to New Orleans, La., and be reported on arrival to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, viz: Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-eight Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Fiftieth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation. All means of transportation in regiments will be turned over to the acting quartermaster of the corps.

VI. Second Lieutenant William A. Duel, Company B, Twelfth Michigan Infantry Volunteers, is hereby detailed as ambulance officer of the First Brigade of Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will report to brigade headquarters without delay.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

January 31, 1865.

Colonel McDowell,

Assistant Special Agent, Treasury Department, Helena:

SIR: Mr. M. M. Yeakle, a gentleman who has operated, I believe, to some extent in this region, desires me to express to you my willingness to protect, so far as is consistent with existing orders and the means at hand, the interests of those who undertake the cultivation of deserted plantations in this neighborhood. In a recent communication upon this subject addressed to Major-General Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, I announced it as my construction of existing orders that [we] were not authorized to use any portion of the army in protecting particular plantations the benefit of which accrue to private parties, but that within the lines of occupation, and where an additional tax to the Government is made, it is plainly our duty to encourage the cultivation of deserted plantations. In Monroe County, which

