
borders on this post, there are, I am told, some good lands. In the extension of my picket-line some of these lands are embraced, and I believe have already been leased with a view of cultivation. There may be others in the neighborhood which it would be measurably safe to cultivate, and I can only say that if you desire to grant leases or permits to cultivate such I shall be glad to render what protection is consistent with the safety of the post and authorized by existing orders. Major-General Reynolds fully indorsed my views as set forth in the communication.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, yours,

ALEXANDER SHALLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, January 31, 1865-11. 45 a. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

The head of my column is just in. My whole command will be in to-day. Shall I detach the First Iowa Cavalry? There is a dispatch here addressed to General Clayton ordering the First Missouri Cavalry to turn over their horses to the Thirteenth Illinois. Is not that a mistake? Unless otherwise ordered, I propose to draw four day's rations and move on toward Little Rock to-morrow.

Respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, January 31, 1865-4. 40 p. m.

Colonel W. F. GREIGER,

Brownsville:

The request for you to come over here in person is countermanded. Send 650 Numbers 4 horses to Fourth Arkansas Cavalry at cavalry depot; also 282 same to Ninth Kansas, Devall's Bluff. General Reynolds has ordered your brigade to this place, after it is dismounted. Do not be uneasy. Everything will come out right. I will send the order over by the morning train.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Operator at Brownsville will request Major Hudson to send this message to Colonel Geiger immediately.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, January 31, 1865-10 a. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

About 200 refugees arrived here in Fort Smith train. Many of them are entirely destitute and in a starving condition. Officers and citizens have assisted to the extent of their means. I respectfully request authority to issue them rations till they can be sent to Little Rock.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

