
of service expires this spring, which will leave the department almost entirely destitute of troops. I have already had to call upon the governor for troops to occupy the disloyal counties to take the place of those whose term of service is now expiring. I have ordered to Generals Thomas and Canby all my regiments of volunteer infantry whose terms of service do not expire within two months, except three, and the terms of service of portions of those I sent expire in the spring. I have in the department the following organizations of U. S. Volunteers: Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted); Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers (one-half mounted); Seventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers (mounted); Forty-first Missouri Infantry, one-year's regiment (at Saint Louis); Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry, one-year's regiment (at Saint Louis); Fiftieth Missouri Infantry (six companies); term of service expires in February and March. Forty-third Missouri Infantry (term of service expires in August) was captured by Price, paroled, and was placed on duty again by me; Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry in Southwest Missouri (garrisoning Springfield). The balance are Missouri State Militia, whose time expires and who nearly all go out of the service by May. The rebels are making extensive preparations to commence their work so soon as the leaves come. Price's men, many of them, are coming back for that purpose, and I am confident it will require from 12,000 to 15,000 troops to hold our border. At the present rate of expiration of service I shall by the 1st of May have only between 3,000 and 4,000 men. I desire further to call your attention to the fact that, unless we take measures to secure the re-enlistment of the Missouri State Militia and the discharged volunteers, there is great danger of them going into the brush for the purpose of seeking revenge for past injuries, &amp;c., on their own account. Many are now moving their families out of the State in preparation for such a contingency. As to the draft, we obtain very few troops from it. The means of escape are so easy, and the sentiment of many of those drafted are so disloyal it almost a nullity. Unless the Government intends to replace the Missouri State Militia and Enrolled Missouri Militia with U. S. volunteers, I consider Governor Fletcher's proposition the best method to obtain troops to hold the State. The arm of service needed most is cavalry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 15, 1865.

Troops for the State of Missouri, report of General Dodge, and proposition of Governor Fletcher referred to Lieutenant-General Grant for report and opinion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 15, 1865.

Governor Fletcher and General Dodge's reports, in relation to troops required in Missouri, referred to General Halleck to transmit to Lieutenant-General Grant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

