
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., February 17, 1865.

I think it will be well to adopt the plan proposed by Governor Fletcher for the protection of Missouri the ensuing year; that is, to let the governor call out for one year the number of men General Dodge thinks will be necessary to protect the State. Men who have been in the service are worth much more than new volunteers, and infinitely more than those obtained by draft, where so many are disloyal.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW MADRID, January 31, 1865.

General EWING:

De Bussey, the robber and terror of this sub-district, was killed by one of the home guards. Name is contraband. Particulars in a letter.

HENRY SLADEK,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Kansas City, January 31, 1865.

First Lieutenant BENTON MILLER,

Commanding, Hickman Mills:

LIEUTENANT: On the receipt of this communication you will take all your available mounted men and proceed to Pleasant Hill, where you will report to Captain Goodbrake, and join with him in a combined scout, which will commence on Wednesday morning and last about five days. If you find it necessary, one of your wagons may go with you as far as Pleasant Hill. After the scout is finished you will be ordered to proceed to Saint Louis, via Warrensburg, to be mustered out, and while I do not wish your men or the citizens to know this, you may quietly so arrange your affairs that on your return from the scout the men you take with you can remain at Pleasant Hill until the balance of your company can be ordered to join you there. I inclose a rough map* which indicates the country over which the scout is to be made. On Wednesday morning (to-morrow_ a party of cavalry will move from Lexington into the Greenton Valley; cavalry from Independence toward Lisbon and scout down the River toward Wellington. Infantry moves to-day from Independence to the Seminary near Pink Hill, and to-morrow night will go secretly into the Snibar Hills in the Chapel Hill region. One party of cavalry will leave Warrensburg to-morrow morning and operate in the vicinity of Tabo, another will pass east of Columbus and operate around the east, north of Buck Knob and Wagon Knob. You are to move up to the south and a little west of Buck Knob and scour that region thoroughly, taking such course and direction from thence as circumstances may require. To avoid mishaps the following watchword will be give: Hailing party, "Who goes there?" Answer, "America. " The party hailed then asks, "Who are you?" Answer, "Dodge. " I hope you will have the chance of avenging the death of your two men. If Captain Goodbrake should not take command of the party

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

