HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., January 31, 1865.

Captain THOMAS MOSES, JR.,

Commanding Fort Larned:

The colonel commanding directs that you forward to Fort Lyon the train of Messrs. Streeter and Strickler as soon as possible, with a sufficient escort to insure its safety, under charge of a commissioned officer, holding the officer in charge of escort responsible for the safe delivery of train, cautioning him about allowing his men to straggle or plunder the train. I forward with this the muster and pay rolls of that portion of the First Colorado Cavalry now stationed at Fort Lyon. Sergeant Spicer, who arrived at your post per last check, if at the post, will take charge of them. He ought to be sent forward at once, for the paymaster may be at Lyon before he can arrive there. Fort Lyon not being in this pay district, the paymaster will start from Denver. Squadron E, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, with four howitzers and ammunition, and Squadron C, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, left here yesterday (Monday, 30th instant) for your post. If the ammunition for Fort Lyon now at your post is not wanted there, sign and send receipts for it to Lieutenant A. Helliwell, acting ordnance officer, District of Upper Arkansas, for the use of Fort Larned. Can Lieutenant Pierce be spared from Fort Larned if Lieutenant Stanton is appointed acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at that post? If so, I will forward his name for appointment as acting ordnance officer, District of Upper Arkansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARNED, KANS., January 31, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas:

SIR: Your communication of January 28, with orders to scout in the direction of the Cimarron, was received to-day. We will probably start on the 2nd of February, and will scout as far as practicable in that direction. No Indians have been in the immediate vicinity of this post since the recent snow, as we have been twelve miles out and could not have failed seeing their tracks. I would say here that Beaver Creek, where Ed. Gurrier reported the Indians were camped, runs into the Republican from the south, about 160 miles north and a little west from Fort Larned, about the same distance from Fort Riley and southwest from Fort Kearny. If the Indians are on Beaver Creek they will not be likely to come south in force until they have removed their families north of the Platte. The Kiowas and Comanches are undoubtedly to the southward. I would say that as far as my judgment goes horses would do very well on a campaign during the winter, provided they had plenty of corn. They would probably do better on the dry grass now than on the green early in the spring. Severe storms are likely to come any time till the 1st of May and would be very severe on stock. I would suggest that the scout would be more efficient with a greater number of men, and would recommend that, with your approval, the following men be detailed, viz: Private William H. Ashton, Company E; Private E. R. Lee, Company G; Private N. W. Ellsworth, Company G.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. NETTLETON,

Sergeant, Commanding Independent Scouts.

