
February 1, marched at 6 a. m. ; proceeded along the Bayou to Knox's Ferry; here left the Bayou and took the Bastrop road; directed the officer in charge of the steamer to await me at Point Pleasant, a landing about two miles from the town of Bastrop. From the best information I could obtain I was led to believe that Colonel McNeil had a force of some 800 men at Oak Ridge, and judging that the heavy rains had rendered the country below Oak Ridge toward Boeuf River impassable, and that consequently if pushed he would endeavor to go toward Monroe, I determined on sending the Third Brigade to Oak Ridge, at the same time pushing the First and Second Brigades through Bastrop, La., to a point called Great Mills, where the Oak Ridge and Monroe road crossed Boeuf Bayou, hoping by this disposition of my forces to either capture his command or at least force a fight. I also directed Colonel Shanks to send a portion of the force under his command to Monroe. February 2, remained at Bastrop, La., all day with the Fourth Illinois Cavalry and detachments of the three brigades left in charge of the pack train. Foraging details brought in a large number of horses, mules, and negroes. At 3 p. m. Colonel Funke arrived, and reported that on reaching Oak Ridge he found that McNeill's force had been greatly exaggerated, it amounting only to some sixty men, poorly armed, who, hearing of his approach, fled and scattered about in the swamps. He succeeded in taking several prisoners and capturing some very good horses and mules. February 3, detached two squadrons of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, with orders to proceed to Prairie Mer Rouge (which I was informed was the finest agricultural portion of that section of country) and burn all large quantities of forage, cotton, &amp;c. that he might find; also to bring in all serviceable animals and negroes, and to rejoin the command at Hamburg, coming up the west side of Bayou Bartholomew from Knox's Ferry for that purpose. d two miles below point Pleasant and commenced ferrying across the Bayou, using the steam-boat for that purpose. In the interim Colonel Shanks returned and reported that he had gone, as directed to Grant's Mills; found no enemy; had also sent a detachment into Monroe; found the place nearly deserted all Government property having been moved by Harrison across the Washita River. Completed the crossing of the command by 2 a. m. morning of the 4th. As soon as this was effected I burned the steam-boat and sunk here hull in a narrow part of the channel. February 4, marched at 6 a. m. in a northeasterly direction toward Hamburg, Ark. Marched twenty-eight miles and went into camp near Louisiana State line. From this point I sent a small detachment of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry with orders to proceed north along the Bayou, gather up all the stock they could find, and to rejoin me at Gaster's Ferry. February 5, marched at 6 a. m. Owing to the continuous heavy rain the country was completely flooded, and the character of the soil was such that after a few horses had passed over the road it became a perfect quicksand, while on each side of the road the land was so spouty that it afforded no footing whatever, the animals immediately miring down. Notwithstanding this I reached Hamburg, with the advance brigade. The other two brigades experienced considerable difficulty, as it became necessary for them to bridge several small streams that had been forded by the advanced brigade. They also lost several animals and some material, and were unable to reach Hamburg till the 6th. This was the most severe weather we experienced during the trip, being not only wet but also intensely cold. Several contrabands perished from cold and exposure in their wet condition. February 6, the detachment of the Fourth Illinois sent to Prairie Mer Rouge rejoined the command,

