
and reported having burned about 200,000 bushels of corn, some cotton, and brought in several horses, mules, and negroes. They also captured a few prisoners. February 7, marched at 5 a. m. and after experiencing difficulty, on account of all the small creeks and sloughs being very full, reached Collins' Mill with a part of the Third Brigade at 7 p. m. February 8, remained at Collins' all day in order to give the rear brigade an opportunity of closing up, as it has been considerably delayed by bridging streams and the wretched condition of the roads. February 9, marched at 6 a. m. through the town of Shanghai to Bayou Bartholomew; crossed the Bayou at Taylor's Ferry and went into camp at Hughes' plantation wi First Brigade, the provost guard, and the prisoners at 3 p. m. February 10, marched at 6 a. m. Crossed Bayou Mason at 11 a. m. and reached Gaines' Landing at 2 p. m. February 11, embarked the Fourth Illinois Cavalry (who had acted as provost guard during the expedition) with the prisoners captured on board the steamer Laurel Hill and the Fifth Illinois Cavalry in steamer Autocrat. As soon as these boats had returned to Gaines' Landing with coal for the remainder of the fleet, I embarked the command and returned to Memphis. Taking into consideration the exceedingly adverse circumstances under which the expedition was made, the losses, both in men and materials, are singularly light. The following is a report of these losses: Men, 1 killed, 2 captured, and 7 left sick, unable to ride; total number lost, 10. Horses, 203; mules, 49; horse equipments (sets), 20; pack-saddles, 6; carbines, 30; pistols, 38; picket ropes, 1. Our captures of stock foot up as follows: Horses of superior quality turned over to regiments, 182; horses of superior quality turned over to division quartermaster, 94 mules (serviceable) turned over to regiments and division quartermaster, 358, snowing a net gain of stock or 73 horses and 309 mules. we also brought in 440 negroes, of whom 200 went into the service. The remainder were principally women and children. During the expedition 44 prisoners were captured and a large number of deserters and refugees brought in. We also destroyed at various points large amounts of cotton, corn, and meat; also burned several mills, distilleries, and store-houses, which were in the use of the Confederate Government. I submit herewith extract from [report of] Colonel J. P. C. Shanks, commanding First Brigade, in reference to First Lieutenant Charles H. Hare, Company I, Seventh Indiana Cavalry:

On the evening of January 29, 1865, when in camp at Quindley, on Bayou Bartholomew, Private Hendrickson, of Company I, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, presented him, Lieutenant Charles H. Hare, with a $20 gold piece with the remark that he, Private Hendrickson, made him, Lieutenant Hare, a present of it; and further, that on the evening of the 31st January, 1865, in camp at Furness, said Private Hendrickson delivered to Lieutenant Hare twenty pieces of gold coin of the value of $20 each, asking Lieutenant Hare to keep it for him. Lieutenant Hare states that when camp was called the following morning he returned the twenty pieces of gold to Private Hendrickson, and that Private Hendrickson left camp that morning before the column moved, and was that day captured (I have since learned, killed.) Lieutenant Hare further states that he knew at the time he accepted the present of one piece of gold, and when he received on deposit the twenty pieces that they had been gotten by Private Hendrickson on the expedition, and had been wrongfully obtained by him. Lieutenant Sloan, Company E, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, reports to me that he saw Lieutenant Hare in possession of twenty-one pieces of gold ($20 each) four days after Private Hendrickson was lost; and since his return from the expedition Lieutenant Hare has told Major Carpenter that he had the money after Hendrickson's capture, but that it was now lost. He has kept it so concealed as to be beyond recovery. I ask that First Lieutenant Charles H. Hare, Company I, Seventh Indiana cavalry, be dismissed the service dishonorably and without pay, with an accompanying order, that the order of dismissal be read in all the cavalry camps of the division.

I heartily approve and indorse the recommendation of the brigade commander, considering that the interests of the service imperatively

