
who believed in free labor the system found at the outset no advocates. The vast thousands just out of slavery were placed be families on plantations and elsewhere. They were employed at remunerative wages, and their children have been educated in schools established for them. Order was brought out of chaos; capital was invested, and the soil was tilled. Considering all the circumstances thrown around the system, I believe it to have been successful in its time and in the objects intended by it.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. CONWAY,

Superintendent Bureau of Free Labor, Department of the Gulf.

THIBODEAUX, February 1, 1865.

(Received 11. 50 a. m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

I have just received the following telegram from Brashear City to Captain B. B. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general:

A large force of rebels came to Berwick last night and burned the small-pox hospital for negroes. It is reported also that King and Whitaker have gone into the La Fourche again with about 300 men.

C. L. HARRIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Whitaker is and has been for some time in the country between Napoleonville and Grand River, but the force at Napoleonville up to this time has not dislodged him. His total force in our front cannot exceed eighty men. I have asked Colonel Harris how large a force the rebels had, and will telegraph answer.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

Captain SPEED:

Ask General Cameron where on the Berwick side the small-pox hospital is; by whom it was occupied, and how came it there. That side of the River was ordered to be evacuated. Ask him why Whitaker cannot be caught or driven back across Grand River.

T. W. SHERMAN].

BRASHEAR, February 1, 1865.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The works at this post will be put in a state of defense before the end of the present month. The water battery has been completed over a month. The redoubt has the earth-work nearly to the full height, and would have been finished during the past month had the materials for platforms and magazines been received in time. Requisitions were made and forwarded the 3rd ultimo, but the articles only arrived last night. The infantry parapet of the connections is about one-half completed, revetted, and trimmed.

Respectfully,

W. S. LONG,

Major Ninety-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry and Engineer in Charge.

