
are, first in importance, Little Rock, Devall's Bluff, the line of railroad between the two places, and Pine Bluff. As a support to this occupation I would hold Lewisburg with a small force to observe the enemy's motions. As long as we hold Pine Bluff the enemy dare not cross the Arkansas below this point, and with Lewisburg in our possession by is forced to cross at Dardanelle or its vicinity, and thus given us timely notice of his movements. A few men at Saint Charles and the mouth of White River are well placed to prevent the boats from being fired upon by guerrillas and to furnish guards to the boats. The country between White River and the Mississippi has a few guerrillas who would be very annoying to boats plying the Mississippi were Helena abandoned. I should certainly retain a small force at that point as long as we occupy this country. I formerly held to the opinion that Fort Smith was a useful point to hold, but its utter inability to prevent Price's passage of the River when invading Missouri, or to stop its return when he passed in a short distance of that point, the fact it does not even protect the citizens of Arkansas who live one mile distant from its line of works, and the immense expense of supplying the troops stationed there, have caused me to change my opinion, and to recommend it be abandoned and the troops concentrated here. Fort Gibson is supplied from Fort Scott, and might remain with its present garrison until they have consumed their present supplies and then fall back to Fort Scott. I would recommend the turning over of Fayetteville and its troops to the Department of the Missouri. The size of the garrisons and their due proportions to hold these points, I have before given, and you have it on hand. Looking at the map, and from all the information I can glean, I think that Gaines' Landing, on the Mississippi River, would be a proper point to occupy. It is as near from there to Camden as this point is. It is near the point that ummer annoyed our boats, and is a favorite point of crossing the Mississippi River by the rebels. It threatens the enemy's communications whenever they move north of the Washita River. As to its facilities for being supplied, they are manifest.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. WHEELER,

Captain of Engineers, Chief Engineer Department of Arkansas.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 14. Little Rock, Ark., February 1, 1865.

The following organization of the infantry of the Seventh Army Corps is announced, viz:

FIRST DIVISION.

Headquarters at Little Rock. Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding.

First Brigade. --Ninth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Fortieth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Second Brigade. --Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-third U. S. Colored Infantry, One hundred and thirteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, One hundred and twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry.

