
The commissary department will, upon proper requisitions, issue rations to men recruited for these companies. As soon as sworn into the service by officers designated by district commanders they will be furnished clothing and such other articles as are allowed by the quartermaster's department.

Requisitions for arms and equipments will be made upon the State authorities, who, when they have them in store, or in the hands of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, will supply them. When they cannot meet these requisitions they will so indorse upon them, and the ordnance officer of the district or department will fill the requisition from arms and equipments turned over by the Missouri State Militia whose term of service has expired.

As soon as a sufficient number of men are recruited for a company to entitle them to a commissioned officer, as provided by General Orders, Numbers 61, War Department (Adjutant-General's Office), series of 1861, they will be placed on duty.

Commanding officers of these companies will make, through sub-district commanders, all reports required by Army Regulations and existing orders.

These companies will act solely under the orders of sub-district, district, or department commanders, as the exigencies of the service may require, and their officers will be held to a strict personal account-ability for the discipline, drill, and efficiency of the men, and for unauthorized depredations of any kind committed by them.

All efficient officers of U. S. volunteers or Missouri State Militia whose term of service is expiring, or who have been honorably discharged or mustered out, and who desire commissions in these companies, will make immediate application therefor through the proper channels, and sub-district and district commanders will indorse their approval or disapproval from their knowledge or information, stating the services of the applicant, his qualifications and ability to command implicit obedience from his men, and the reputation of his former company for discipline. The indorsement of the district inspector as to the latter, if the applicant has served in the district, will be required.

District and sub-district commanders have control of the organizations of these companies, and will give them proper attention and see that they are placed upon an efficient footing in all respects.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 27. Saint Louis, Mo., February 1, 1865.

1. Lieutenant-Colonel Malone will move the headquarters of his regiment to Pilot Knob, Mo., reporting there to Colonel Beveridge, commanding Third Sub-District for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

2. Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, will at once proceed to Bloomfield and assume the command of that post. Upon assuming the command he will order at least 350 citizens, embracing as many disloyal citizens as possible of that and surrounding neighborhoods, to report to him forthwith for the purpose of building a fort at Bloomfield. Whenever he shall have collected a sufficient number he will at once, if necessary, place them in charge of a small

