
of the order. Then your own plea of justification, "I say with a clear conscience, I have done nothing against the Federal Government. " How impotent? When this day of passion ane excitement shall have passed away, and our posterity shall look back and see the Government as it was, imposing no burden upon the people, protecting every right, and fostering every interest, enlightening and elevating the masses, affording succor and asylum to the friendless and oppressed, and shall behold it assailed by myriads of traitors aiming only to cast down and destroy, how will those then appear to them who stand back with folded arms and say with a clear conscience, "I have done nothing against the Federal Government. " Would it not be natural for them, when reflecting upon their condition, bereft of relations by a war most cruel, burdened with taxation, surrounded with the crime and immorality that war always engenders, to exclaim, "Accursed is the person and all his descendants who in such an hour and such a crisis did not rally to the support of the flag of such a Government, and at such a time sacrifice all for the common weal, or at least do something for the Government, and not be content with having done nothing against it. " The removal of the families at the time mentioned is deemed a necessary step to enable the loyal people in that section to come to their homes and remain there in quiet. Whatever is necessary to be done to enable the Government to exercise its authority and protect its subjects in all places of its dominion will be done without regard to the suffering of any particular class, or even that of a whole generation. The order will be executed with as much promptness and vigor as circumstances will allow.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, February 1, 1865.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Columbus, Nebr. Ter.:

Will be able to send horses soon. Have the Pawnees got revolvers? They should have good ones. If possible send troops to strengthen Overland Stage Line beyond Julesburg, especially vicinity of Valley Station. Can't you bring down some force from Laramie route? The great pressure is to keep stage route open.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 20. Milwaukee, Wis., February 1, 1865.

I. Captain Joseph McC. Bell, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., as member of the staff of the major-general commanding.

* * * * * *

III. Major H. von Minden, First (Hatch's) Independent Battalion, is assigned to duty as topographical engineer at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

