HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 1, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: It is my purpose in the spring to establish a complete line of small posts on the Minnesota frontier about as follows, viz: At least one, and perhaps two, between Fort Abercrombie and Fort Wadsworth, each to be garrisoned by one cavalry company. From Fort Wadsworth proceeding south, the first post to be at or near the head of the Big Sioux on Sully's route in 1856; the second at or near Lake Poinsett; the third at or near Lake Shetek; the fourth at or near Spirit Lake. These posts, of course, are temporary in their character, and only the shelter actually necessary for troops will be put up by the troops themselves and at the least possible expense to the United States. Fort Ridgely will probably be the best depot for all the troops south of Wadsworth, including Wadsworth. An officer of rank and judgment ought to be stationed at Ridgely, who should command a sub-district to include the posts at Poinsett, Shetek, and Spirit Lakes. In the same manner the commanding officer at Wadsworth should have command and general supervision of that post and nearest posts on each side of it. The same arrangement will be judicious for Abercrombie in case you establish two posts between Abercrombie and Wadsworth. You have twenty cavalry companies; six will be required for this line of small posts, exclusive of Wadsworth and Abercrombie. At Wadsworth I should think two companies of infantry and three of cavalry sufficient; at Abercrombie one company of infantry and three of cavalry; at Ridgely one of infantry and two or three of cavalry. This arrangement will leave you five cavalry companies to spare. I should think by spring it would be judicious, if it can be done, to post one company of the Veteran Reserve Corps at Ripley, and two, perhaps three, companies of cavalry, though I do not suggest anything to you in regard to the Chippewa frontier, as you probably know better than I what is needed there. I can probably send you in April or May one company of the Veteran Reserve Corps if absolutely needed. Please bear in mind in this arrangement that I wish you to send not less than six companies of cavalry with a couple of pieces of artillery to Devill's Lake as early as practicable after the grass is sufficient for animals. The companies for this service can be drawn from Abercrombie, Wadsworth (probably), and Ridgely. At all events, you can make up this force without interfering with the establishment of these small posts. The forces for Devill's Lake must go as high as possible, as they will only remain there during the summer, and even then they must move about a good deal. The expense of establishing a large post at Devil's Lake is too great to authorize, unless in case of absolute necessity; nor could such a post, with the present policy of the Government, in our relation with the English authorities in that region, exercise any sort of restraint upon End half-breeds. You understand, of course, that the object of this chain of small posts is to cover completely the Minnesota frontier at so great a distance from the outer settlements as to secure entire safety to the settlements and to cover the advance of immigration and settlement to the west and north. Of course broad trails should be at once made between these posts, and the route between them be patrolled at least once in every forty-eight hours with such care that any Indian trail which crossed them would surely be discovered, and could be rapidly followed back toward the settlements. I have given you above my general ideas on this subject,

