
and merely suggested the general course and position of this line of small posts. Of course a more intimate knowledge of the country must modify the details somewhat. I wish you to look into the matter and as soon as you can write me fully on the subject, giving me your views as to the policy of such a line of posts, as well as its location.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 1, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding Department of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa:

GENERAL: As your reports set forth that large bodies of hostile Indians are coming to the military posts established last summer on the frontier to surrender themselves to the military authorities of the United States for the purpose of securing peace, you are instructed to confer with the Indians thus surrendering themselves and to inform them that the United States will maintain peace with them simply on the basis of their good behavior and assist them in protecting themselves against hostile Indians. They will be notified that they must remain outside of an outer line of posts and in no event to come within this line even in the smallest parties. Any intrusion into the settlements even by single Indians will be regarded and treated as an act of hostility on the part of the tribe to which such Indian or Indians belong. The Indians thus giving themselves up will be permitted and encouraged at all times to establish their camps in the vicinity of any of the outer posts and to trade at the posts with persons duly authorized to trade with them. No other treaty stipulations will be made with Indians. As the Indians thus coming in and surrendering are regarded as prisoners of the United States, no white man whatever will be allowed to visit them except by special permit in each case from the district commander, and no treaties other than above specified will be suffered to be made by any person whatever. The hostile attitude occupied by all the Sioux bands for the last two years has suspended former treaties with the United States, and the payment of annuities or distribution of goods under any former treaties will not be permitted by the military commanders of districts or posts on the frontier, unless contrary orders are received from the War Department. Any claims of Indians for lands from which they are excluded by this order will be carefully considered by the commander of this military department, and by him be submitted for the action of the proper authorities at Washington. The line bans are required to remain will be a line from Fort Abercrombie through Fort Wadsworth to Fort Pierre, on the Missouri River, and from Fort Abercrombie along the line of the Cheyenne River; east and south of this line all Indians are prohibited from coming on any pretext, under the penalty of immediate hostilities with the tribes to which they belong.

Copies of this order will be furnished by district commanders to the commanding officers of all frontier posts under their jurisdiction, and its provisions will be carefully explained to all Indians who come into any of the posts to surrender themselves. District and post commanders are instructed to aid all such Indians in protecting themselves against other hostile tribes, and to direct the movements and operations of the friendly Indians with this view, but under the clear understanding

