
demand that an example should be made of any commissioned officer who so far degrades himself and the position he occupies as to countenance, in any manner whatever, pillaging or marauding. This expedition had for its object the destruction of Harrison's command. As will be seen from the intercepted dispatch from him, herewith inclosed, it could not reach him, without crossing the Washita River, at this point from one-half to three-quarters of a mile in width, and no boats of any kind in the vicinity to effect a crossing with. Desertions, furloughs to favorites, &amp;c., have already placed Harrison's command hors de combat. He cannot raise in his whole brigade 500 properly mounted and equipped cavalry and the only regiments he had that were worth anything were taken from his command and sent beyond Red River. The corn being burnt by us, and the horses and mules most thoroughly hunted up and taken possession of he cannot possibly this season or during the next year subsist anything more than a scouting party on this side of the Washita River. A force of 100 men located anywhere on the west bank of the Mississippi River can scout the country to the Washita with safety, and would be amply sufficient to protect the whole country. What may be true of the country opposite Natchez and from there to Trinity I cannot speak of with any degree of certainty. A force could operate from Natchez now to the Tensas River even better than in the country through which we passed. In and around Bastrop every white resident has from ten to fifty bales of cotton, which constitutes his entire property. If the Government would send steam-boats to Washita City, properly convoyed by gun-boast, 5,000 bales of cotton could be obtained from this class of persons, nearly all of whom desire to leave the country with their families and become loyal citizens of the United States. It is but justice to the officers and men composing the expedition to a successful termination. To brigade commanders, and through them to every officer and soldier in the division, I desire to return my thanks for their indomitable energy and perseverance, as well as their soldierly conduct.

I am captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HARRISONS' BRIGADE,Monroe, February 1, 1865

Colonel A. J. McNEILL,

Commanding Fourth Louisiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: We have just received news from Captain John C. McKowen corroborating your statement. He reports that the enemy were sixteen miles above Bastrop at 12 o'clock to-day. If this should be true, and you are cut off, collect your forces and follow them in their rear, annoying them as much as possible. We will concentrate at Columbia and if they occupy Monroe you must use your own good judgment in getting to us.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. GREEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

