
that such service for their own protection will furnish no ground for any claim for services against the United States. In conferences with Indians and when the circumstances imperatively demand it, certain articles of provisions in limited quantities may be issued to the Indians in an order of the post commander, setting forth in detail the necessity, a copy of which order will be immediately forwarded to department headquarters. It is believed, however, that all the Indians referred to can easily subsist themselves by hunting and trading at the military posts. No Indian trader will be permitted to locate himself in the camps of these Indians, but will be assigned a place for his store at or in the immediate vicinity of the military post by the post commander. All officers and soldiers are positively prohibited from trading with Indians or receiving presents of any kind from Indians or Indian traders, and any officer or soldier detected in such practices, directly or indirectly, will be placed in arrest and brought before a general court-martial. It is very desirable that all Indians on

the frontier be induced to establish their camps in the vicinity and under the supervision of the military posts, and all military commanders on the frontier will offer every proper inducement to Indians, by kind treatment, by protection from other Indians and Indian traders, to secure this result.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul.)

CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865--9. 30 p. m.

(Received 10. 15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Please order General Dana to relieve General Washburn and order him to report to General Ord for duty. General Tower need not be relieved from his present duties; if already relieved he can be returned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 2nd day of February, 1865: Mr. S. Armitage, scout, left New Orleans January 4, 1865; arrived at Alexandria January 9, at Shreveport January 11, at Jefferson January 14, and at Marshall January 16. Returned to Shreveport January 17; remained there four or five days, then returned to Alexandria about January 22, remained one day, then returned to New Orleans, via Marksville and Morganza. He makes the following statement: The department depot for provisions is at Jefferson; only a provost guard there. At Marshall there is a Government tannery, a shoe

