
issued a proclamation evidently designed to prepare the people of Louisiana to assent to the use of negroes as laborers, soldiers, and if need be, in the end, to their emancipation. The disaffection among the rebel soldiers is wide spread and increasing. They need only a head and an organization to openly bid defiance to Confederate authority in the Trans-Mississippi Department. Desertions are constant, though the deserter is treated with rigor. From three to eight executions take place at Alexandria every Friday, by command of General Buckner. A schooner with 300 bales of cotton is preparing to run out of Vermillion Bay. It will carry an agent to build or buy steamers to run the blockade on the Texas coast. This agent used to own and run the steamer Empire Parish. His family is in New Orleans. Torpedoes cannot be used in the Red River on account of the great rise and fall of the water. Informant was so told by the captain of the torpedo corps. No design is entertained of sending troops across the Mississippi River. Soldiers will not submit to the transfer. In conversation General Buckner stated to Mr. Armitage that Major-General Canby was dreaded as an able soldier and commander, and his movements were awaited with apprehension. Of Major-General Steele's merits and military talent he had a good opinion. The withdrawal of General Banks from the command of the Federal forces in the Department of the Gulf was regarded by Confederate officers with much disapprobation and regret.

A communication from Captain A. G. Fitz, Port Hudson, January 30, states that a deserter from Gauber's [Gober's] command confirms previous information in relation to Taylor being in command of all forces east of Mississippi River. His headquarters are at Summit, Miss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

BAYOU GOULA, February 2, 1865.

(Received 8. 15 p. m.)

Captain SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I drew in my cavalry yesterday to rest them. I followed Brown's band through the swamps with cavalry and infantry as long as practicable, but so far have not succeeded in making any capture. If they have taken

-----

their stay here will be made an uncomfortable one. To-day one company from Miles' plantation upon Bayou La Butte to Grand River, from thence to The Park to Plaquemine, and return by the River road to Bayou Goula.

Very respectfully,

W. SAYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

MORGANZA, February 2, 1865.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information from a trustworthy source that the rebels are preparing to cross the Atchafalaya in considerable force.

DANL. ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

