HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 2, 1865--1. 30 p. m.

Colonel JOHN MORRILL,

Sixty-fourth Illinois, Springfield:

Arrest all those men who are charged as bushwhackers and deliver them to provost-marshal at this place. General Cook says he will give you what aid you need. You being in his district, act under his advice.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 2, 1865--1. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN COOK,

Springfield:

I have telegraphed Colonel Morrill to arrest the bushwhackers whose names he has, and respectfully request that you give him such aid as necessary to carry out his order. They are all preparing to commence their work of murder as soon as leaves come, and it is our duty to take them in hand and break them up. I desire to avoid any conflict with civil authorities, and I do not think they will interfere when they see the duty we are performing. It being in your district, it is best for Colonel Morrill to act under your advice.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, Kans., February 2, 1865.

Major H. C. HAAS,

Commanding Troops in Allen, Woodson,

and Greenwood Counties, Kans.:

MAJOR: As you have now two companies under your command, you will be enabled to scout pretty thoroughly the south border of Kansas as far west as the guide meridian east. I am sending also a part of a squadron to Emporia that will co-operate with you in watching this southern border. It is indispensable to the safety of this border that cattle stealing from the Indian Nation should be stopped. Neither citizens of Kansas nor soldiers of this department have any business in the Indian country, nor will they be permitted under any pretense to bring cattle or stock of any kind from that region into or through this sub-district. You will promptly arrest any person or persons going south into that country, as they can have no business except that of engaging in this illegal and dangerous traffic, reporting at once each arrest and the facts of each particular case to these headquarters. You will be held strictly responsible for the prevention of this traffic in Allen and Woodson Counties, and in connection with the force stationed at Emporia for its prevention also in Greenwood. You cannot be too active or energetic in this matter, as there is great reason to apprehend retaliatory excursions from the neighboring Indians unless these outrages upon their property are effectually checked.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.

