HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., February 2, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Leavenworth, Kans.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit for the information of the department commander a statement of facts as they exist in my district at present. I forwarded to you some time ago, per hands of Colonel Tannatt, a history of affairs in this Territory, and also what I thought should be done in the premises to alleviate the sufferings of this people, and if possible remove the evil. I have learned indirectly that Colonel Tannatt delivered the documents, but I have had no such acknowledgment or even heard a word on the subject from department headquarters. The Indians are bold in the extreme. They have burned every ranch between Julesburg and Valley Station, and nearly all the property at the latter place, driven off the stock, both public and private, and destroyed many ranches on this side as far up as Junction. They have also destroyed about two miles of telegraph and carried off about one mile of wire. These Indians are led by white men, and have complete control of all the country outside of my district, so that I am hemmed in. I have a command of about fifty men at Valley Station, who are fighting every day. A number of Indians have been killed and quite a number of soldiers wounded. To morrow a large mail leaves (some five coaches), as also about fifty citizen teams. I furnish an escort of thirty mounted men (recruits just enlisted for the Second Colorado Cavalry) as far as Julesburg. Many citizens go along armed and ready to fight, so that it is possible all may get safely through, as there are at least 100 armed men. Captain Anderson has been to Fort Lyon and made the consolidation of the First Regiment, but, owing to the men and companies being scattered all over the country, it takes a long time to complete the organization so as to know where each man belongs, and while this is [being] done it is almost impossible to move companies from stations.

The weather has been very severe here for nearly three weeks. Thermometer 30 deg. below zero, with quite a fall of snow on the groud every means in my power to raise volunteers for three months State service, but as yet have not succeeded, owing to the factional spirit existing in the community. The legislature took the matter in hand, at my suggestion, appropriating so much money, Territorial bonds, to give the men a bounty and purchase horses to mount them on, as I have none; but the members cannot agree on the spoil likely, in their estimation, to accrue from such a proceeding, so the bill has not yet passed. I addressed the speaker of the house yesterday, informing him that unless something was done within forty-eight hours I would be compelled, much against my will, to proclaim martial law and stop all business, forcing every man to enter the ranks and open the line of communication. I have now a city organization of about 1,000 men organized into companies, so that in case of an attack here I would have something tangible to lay hold of and make a fight. I have had a great deal of trouble in this matter, as there is no concert of action, every man suspecting his fellow of some chicanery. Fort Lyon is being rapidly fortified, so that 200 men can defend it against 2,000 Indians. Militia companies are being organized all over the settled parts of the country (under penalty of being pressed into service) to defend the frontier settlements southward, and could I but get a regiment here now I could keep things in a running trim until the arrival of

