
sufficient force to make a campaign. The Indians are now determined to make it a war of extermination, and nothing short of 5,000 men can make it extermination for them. Major Wynkoop informed me from Fort Lyon that many warriors were on the headwaters of the Smoky Hill and intended attacking all the settlements, as well as Denver. Provisions, owing to the transportation line being cut off, are at an exorbitant price, as well as labor and forage. Cannot troops be sent out here immediately, or authority to raise companies, which could be easily done, for one year? The Santa Fe line has threatened to stop running on account of the Indians. Should such be the case then all is cut off.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 3, 1865--9 p. m.

(Received 10. 40 p. m.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In view of elections to be held in Tennessee, and important legislation that is expected in that State, I would submit whether it is not better that the whole State should be under one commander. If you approve this I would suggest that West Kentucky and West Tennessee be added to Thomas' command, and that General Washburn be returned to the command of the latter. While General Dana might do well in the field, I do not think him the most suitable man for the command of a department. General Washburn has been ordered to report to General Ord, was that order probably only went out to-day, it can be changed if you approved. If General Banks is not to go back to the Department of the Gulf, I would suggest some other officer than General Hurlbut for the command of that department. If the change in Thomas' command is made it would be well to add the State of Mississippi to the Department of the Gulf.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 3, 1865.

Captain J. P. FOSTER,

Commanding 3rd and 4th Districts, Mississippi Squadron,

U. S. Steamer Lafayette, off Mouth of Red River:

SIR: Steam-boats owned by persons within the rebel lines bringing products of insurrectionary districts from the Red River country to the purchasing agent in New Orleans will be permitted to continue the voyage to this city, for the purpose of discharging their cargoes. If practicable they should be convoyed down, or a small guard put on board to see that they hold no communication with the shore. If you cannot spare a force for this purpose please send them to Morganza, and the commander there will be instructed to relieve your guard and send them down with a guard from his command. These vessels should

