
not be allowed to land at any other point until they reach New Orleans, and the crews should be allowed to hold no communication with he shore. A copy of this letter will be sent to Admiral Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Mr. Cutler and General Hurlbut, with request to instruct the commanding officer at Morganza.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 3rd day of February, 1865: A report from Lieutenant L. E. Granger, Morganza, La., January 31, 1865; A report from Lieutenant L. E. Granger, Morganza, La., January 31, 1865, states that the following information has been gleaned from a deserter who arrived at the Federal lines January 28, 1865, having left Alexandria the 25th instant: General Thomas commands the post of Alexandria, at which place are stationed two brigades, all Louisiana troops, numbering about 5,000 men. There are no Texans east of Alexandria. Two brigades of cavalry are at Simsport after forage; a few are around Big Cane and Bayou Rouge. Louisiana troops are discouraged and are deserting daily, some going to Mexico, some to the Federal lines. They have not been paid for more than a year. The road from Simsport to Morganza is in excellent condition, but from Simsport to Alexandria the road is in very bad condition. During the last rise in the Red River it was feared that General Canby would make a movement in that direction, and a battery was stationed fifteen miles below Alexandria for some time. In December, 1864, informant saw about 3,000 negroes at work on fortifications at Shreveport. Walker's division was encamped at Shreveport, but was to move in a few days to Natchitoches. The First Brigade of Polignac's division, commanded by General King, is encamped fourteen miles above Camden, at Grapp's Bluff, and are throwing up fortifications at that place. Major-General Bagby, commanding all the cavalry in Buckner's district, has his headquarters at Mr. Williams' plantation, four miles in the rear of Alexandria. Informant heard nothing about any movements of troops; thinks they are not in condition to move. General Buckner has brigade drills from 8 a. m. until 4 p. m. every day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MYRON ADAMS, JR.,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

(In absence of Captain Eaton.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 33. New Orleans, February 3, 1865.

* * * * * *

3. Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Barrancas, Fla., and will be reported to the commanding

