
commanding--Forty-seventh Indiana, Twenty-first Iowa, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, Ninety-ninth Illinois. These regiments will be immediately prepared for embarkation.

By command of Brigadier-General Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Kenner, La., February 3, 1865.

Colonel SAMUEL L. GLASGOW,

Commanding Twenty-third Iowa Volunteers:

(Through Colonel Charles Black, commanding Fourth Brigade.)

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will hold your command in readiness to embark at a moment's notice for Mobile Point, Ala. Your regiment is to be assigned to a brigade now serving there. You will embark on the same steamers that carry the First Brigade, and you will be subject to General Lawler's orders until you receive notice of your permanent assignment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

I am directed by Brigadier-General Sherman to furnish you with a copy of his indorsement on your communication of February 1, forwarding reports received from commanding officer Plaquemine of cavalry reconnaissance made from that post:

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

February 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Captain Rice's report certainly shows that he made considerable effort to cut off the enemy after he arrived at Grand River on the 27th. The operations of the major part of his company, which was on Grand River on the 26th, are not stated in the report. It would be interesting to know their positions and how the fifteen men of the enemy, with twenty of our cavalry prisoners (horses and all, it is supposed, for they were captured with the prisoners) escaped into the Grossetete country on the 26th without being heard of at the time. It certainly does not infer much loyalty on the part of the inhabitants about there to allow such an operation without giving information to the Union troops. If these inhabitants still continue to allow the enemy to pass and repass this gate to the Grossetete without giving information, I recommend that hereafter they be required to do without any plantation supplies from New Orleans.

T. W. SHERMAN.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

