HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mouth of the White River, Ark., February 3, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

MAJOR: The Resolute arrived last night with two barges in tow from Little Rock all right. She was fired upon at four different points. No damage done. The officer in charge reports that the largest party of rebels he saw would not number over twelve or fifteen. After relieving all permanent details of Ninety-sixth Ohio with dismounted men of First Indiana Cavalry, and cutting those details down as much as possible, we have twenty-three dismounted men left, upon which we will have to depend for provost guard, which is absolutely necessary, and as guards for boats going up the Arkansas River. I do not think it would be safe to send boats up the Arkansas without a guard of at least twenty-five men. Two boats are now expected from Memphis for Little Rock. I will furnish the largest guard possible for them. Of the mounted men I have here it is necessary to keep them on duty as an island patrol, as a party of four jayhawkers came on the island a few nights since and robbed two citizens of clothing, money, &amp;c. As there are a large number of dismounted cavalry in the department I hope you will excuse me for suggesting that about 100 of them be sent here to be used as guards on Arkansas River boats. With their carbines and pistols they would be as effective as infantry. The Ninety-sixth Ohio are ready to go as soon as transportation can be obtained for them. The only New Orleans boat that has passed down since the order in regard to Ninety-sixth was received was crowded with troops and horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, February 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff, Ark.:

The Seventh Missouri is directed to report to Brigadier-General West at this place. They can be sent on steam-boats as you suggest.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 3, 1865--12. 15 p. m.

Major-General DANA, Memphis:

General Washburn will be relieved from duty in your department and ordered to report to Major-General Ord, on the James River, Va.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 3, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: From deserters, refugees, and others I learn that Hood's army is very nearly broken up. It is scattered all the way from Tupelo

