
to Meridian, and large numbers have been furloughed and allowed to go home. The country is full of such, and it is not supposed that they will be in any hurry to rejoin their command. Forrest is at Okolona, but his command has mostly left him. That part of it that was from West Tennessee is nearly all at home. I inclose a couple of late rebel papers.

Your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure. --From the Canton Citizen (Extra), Canton, Miss.]

LATEST BY TELEGRAPH.

Charleston, January 27, 1865. --A Yankee gun-boat got aground in Camboko [Combahee] yesterday. Our batteries opened on her and set her on fire. She burned to the water's edge. All of the crew excepting five men escaped. The prisoners who came to the city to-day report a monitor sunk off Sullivan's Island recently by a torpedo and lost nearly all on board. Only five out of a crew of 300 escaped; all the rest were drowned. Nothing important from below.

Richmond, 27th. --The Baltimore American, evening edition, of 23rd, contains very little of importance. Gold on the 21st, in New York, 200 3/4. Grant was in Washington on Saturday. A letter received in Philadelphia says Blair had full authority from Lincoln to give safe-conduct to Washington for peace commissioners from Davis. The National Intelligencer announces Blair's first visit to Richmond, and says: "We have good reasons, not to say authority, for stating that Blair goes to Richmond upon no hollow, hopeless mission, but upon one of substance, giving good hope to patriotic men that the present civil war be speedily brought to a close by negotiation. " The Herald says Seward has the most friendly relations with the manager of the Intelligencer.

Richmond, 27th. --The Forty-third Virginia Regiment unanimously adopted resolutions declaring their purpose to fight for liberty and self-government as long as the Southern Confederacy can furnish cartridges; and to every desirable offer of peace and submission made by the enemy will reply with crack of rifles and shouts of defiance. The last resolution reads: "These are our sentiments, and we call upon the people at home and the authorities to support and rally around us, and with God's blessing we will bear the Southern cross through fire and blood until each star upon it shall glow and shine forever in the firmament of nations. "

Richmond, 27th. --The most important business in the House to-day was the consideration of Senate bill to provide for the employment of free negroes and slaves on fortifications, &amp;c. Ramsey moved a proviso that said slaves shall not be armed or used as soldiers. Miles supported the amendment. He was utterly opposed to arming our slaves. In the midst of his remarks the House sustained a motion to transfer the bill to secret session, and then resolved into secret session. The Senate concurred in House joint resolution of thanks to General Williams, and passed with amendment House bill to increase the efficiency of the cavalry; also passed another bill to increase the number of acting midshipmen, with provisions which are intended to obviate the objection of the President to the bill recently vetoed. Wigfall introduced resolutions directing [sic] all laws authorizing impressment of property for use of the Army, except by military officers

