
in case of absolute necessity, which, after long debate, was adopted. Twenty-five surgeons and assistant surgeons captured at Franklin and vicinity arrived last night from Varina. Seddon continues to act as Secretary of War. The position was certainly tendered to General Breckinridge. No reliable development in relation to Blair's mission, though it is generally supposed he proposed reunion on such terms as Confederate authorities might submit.

Richmond, 28th. --Vice-President Stephens, Senator Hunter, of Virginia, and Judge Campbell, have been appointed commissioners to proceed to Washington to confer with the authorities of the United States Government on the question of peace. They will leave to-morrow.

Verona, January 26. --Major-General Forrest's scouts report great excitement in Memphis on account of recognition rumors. The English premier has notified Lincoln that he would be recognized after the 4th of March as President only of the States that voted for him. The English Government has ordered the seizure of all American vessels at Nassau. These are the reports in Memphis.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,POST AND DEFENSES OF MEMPHIS,

Memphis, Tenn., February 3, 1865--11. 30 a. m.

Captain R. G. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of West Tennessee:

SIR: I have just heard from the wood yard direct. A small squad of rebels attacked the wood train, but were repulsed. We captured one horse. No one hurt, and train safe. Also all quiet on the picket-line.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK A. KENDRICK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 8. Memphis, Tenn., February 3, 1865.

I. Having been assigned to the command of the District of West Tennessee by Special Orders, Numbers 55, current series, headquarters Department of Mississippi, I assume it from this date.

II. All existing orders will remain in full force, and in addition to the officers heretofore announced as staff officers at these headquarters are the following: Captain B. K. Roberts, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant H. C. Seymour, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant H. Arden, aide-de-camp. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo., February 3, 1865.

In compliance with orders from the War Department, dated January 30, 1865, the undersigned assumes command of the Military Division of the Missouri, embracing the Departments of the Missouri, of Kansas, and of the Northwest, headquarters Saint Louis, Mo.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

