
this side of Julesburg, thereby preventing one post from supporting the other. Colonel Livingston is between the two places with all the spare men we have in his sub-district, and will do the very best that can be done. Will you please advise me what course to pursue.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

OMAHA, February 3, 1865.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Alkali:

You have all the troops at my disposal in your sub-district. How you expect me to furnish you more I am unaware. I have ordered two companies to report at Julesburg from Laramie forthwith. They can do you no good in your present troubles. Patrol the road, keep the Indians, if possible, from interfering with coaches, trains, and telegraph, but undertake to make no expedition. General Curtis directs that we supply the post at Valley Station with troops and supplies. You will establish a post at that points as soon as practicable. As soon as Company C, First Nebraska, arrives I will start Captain Krumme to report to you with his company. The company of Pawnees will start from Columbus to Kearny to-day. I see sundry dispatches published in different papers purporting to be from you in relation to your campaign, &amp;c. All communications and information must be sent through district headquarters and save you and myself trouble in the future.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit copy of instructions of the major-general commanding to Brigadier-General Sibley, commanding District of Minnesota, relative to establishment of a line of military posts on the Minnesota frontier. * I am directed by the major-general commanding to furnish this copy for your information, and to instruct you that he wishes you to take the necessary steps for the establishment in the spring of a chain of posts within your military district, to complete the line in Minnesota, stretching from Lake Shetek or from Spirit Lake to such points on the Missouri River as you may think advisable.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 4, 1865--1. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Order to General Washburn has been countermanded. I concur with you in regard to General Dana, but it would be still worse to add the posts on the Mississippi to General Banks' command. The latter

---------------

*See p. 718.

---------------

