
is still under orders to return to his department, but I believe is now in Washington. It seems necessary that the troops on both sides of the River as high as Memphis should be under the same commander, as they must be used to prevent Kirby Smith from uniting with Hood, and therefore must operate sometimes on one bank and sometimes on the other. I have just received a communication from General Canby on this subject, and I will telegraph to General Thomas for his views. Probably the matter had better be left as it is until we hear from Thomas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[FEBRUARY 4, 1865. --For Halleck to Thomas, 2. 15 p. m., in reference to the transfer of the District of West Tennessee to the Department of the Cumberland, see Vol. XLIX, Part I.]

CITY POINT, VA., February 4, 1865--5 p. m.

(Received 7. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If General Washburn is not placed in command of West Tennessee I want him to come on to take command at Norfolk. He is one of the best administrative officers we have, and will effectually stop supplies being sent through our lines to the enemy wherever he is. We want such a man at each of the above places.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

KENNERVILLE, February 4, 1865.

(Received 11. 15 a. m.)

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Thirty-fifth Wisconsin has not yet reported here. The principal part of the Second Brigade is loaded on the cars and about to start for the Shell road. The teams started at daybreak this morning. The mud is so deep that we can scarcely move here. I will ascertain if anything has been heard of the Thirty-fifth Wisconsin.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 4, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Kenner, La.:

General Reynolds has been ordered to relieve all troops belonging to the Reserve Corps still retained in Arkansas. General Lawler was granted twenty days' leave, by paragraph 5 of special orders of yesterday.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

47 R R--VOL XLVIII, PT I

