HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., February 4, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

Colonel Harris, commanding at Brashear City, last night telegraphed me that our flag of truce having some up to Mrs. Rentrop's place, five miles and a half from Brashear, found the roads well repaired. To-day Major Shaw, commanding at Plaquemine, telegraphs that his cavalry at The Park were attacked about 12 o'clock last night by a large force, supposed to be 500 men. These facts, taken with the report of my scouts, and deserters, who say that the rebels are to attack Houma, Napoleonville, and other points, satisfies me that they have heard of our troops assembling at New Orleans for some purpose unknown, and that the demonstrations which they are now making are for the purpose of creating a diversion.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

BAYOU GOULA, February 4, 1865.

(Via Donaldsonville. Received 4. 50 p. m.)

Captain F. SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The detachment of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry sent out February 2 returned yesterday. They left Miles' plantation, upon the La Butte Bayou; crossed fifteen small bayous, over five of which they were obliged to swim their horses; made Grand Bayou with the loss of one horse; encamped at Indian Village that night. Saw no enemy and returned last evening.

W. SAYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, February 4, 1865.

Colonel W. SAYLES,

Bayou Goula:

(Care Commanding Officer Donaldsonville.)

Major Shaw, at Plaquemine, reports that Captain Rice was attacked at The Park last night by a force of the enemy. Thus far we have had 1 killed and 1 wounded. Push out as much of your cavalry as is available on the direct road to The Park, and relieve Captain Rice from the pressure, and assist him in driving the enemy back across Grand River, or well up into the Grossetete country, if possible. Major Shaw is ordered to keep up a direct communication with you and inform you of events. You will do the same for Major Shaw.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

