
themselves against rebel marauders if the powers that be will allow them to bear arms in self-defense. They think they can furnish their own families in this way, and perhaps to some extent a supply for Government troops also, in corn, forage, &amp;c. So earnest do they feel in this matter that they sent a committee to wait on General Thayer, at Fort Smith, to ask his approval of their plan, but he gave them no encouragement whatever. Last year he (General Thayer) recommended our farmers to purchase broken-down Government horses wherewith to replace those they had previously lost, and to tend their crops. The farmers acted upon his recommendation, but in every instance these horses also were taken from them so soon as they got in condition for service; nor was it possible to reclaim them. Every possible obstacle and device is thrown in the way of a man's reclaiming and getting back his property, and it is now utterly impossible to do it in any instance. We earnestly entreat Your Excellency, we implore you, to take immediate measures for our relief and for the relief of our suffering families and of obtain authority from General Reynolds for us to colonize in the manner proposed, and that we may be protected from bad men of the army of the Frontier, and to be allowed to bear arms for our own protection against all marauders and plotters against our property, our peace and security, and as in duty bound we will ever pray.

We are, governor, your fellow-citizens and obedient servants,

A. O'BRYAN,

WM. F. OWENS,

Committee on the part of the Citizens.

P. S. --We respectfully ask that we be permitted to purchase from Government a few commissary supplies till our crops are matured. We can pay for them.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 32. Little Rock, Ark., February 4, 1865.

* * * * * *

6. The detachments of the Second Kansas Cavalry at Little Rock and Lewisburg will proceed without delay to Fort Smith, reporting on arrival to the commanding officer. The two pieces of artillery and equipments in charge of detachment at Little Rock will be turned over before embarking to Lieutenant T. D. Witt, ordnance officer, and the two pieces at Lewisburg will be turned over to such officer as the commanding officer of that post may designate. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., February 4, 1865.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

(Through Brigadier-General Salomon, Commanding Post, Little Rock.)

GENERAL: By special order issued on yesterday the Ninth Iowa Cavalry Regiment is attached to your brigade. It is the design of the

