
major-general commanding that they remain on duty at Brownsville Station. Their returns will be embraced in your current brigade reports, and correspondence conducted through your headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 4, 1865--12. 18 p. m.

(Received 11th.)

Major-General DANA,

Memphis:

Order to send General Washburn to General Ord is suspended. He will remain where he is until further instructions from General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., February 12, 1865.

Official copy respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant Colonel C. T. Christensen, assistant adjutant-general, Military Division of West Mississippi, with copy of special orders from these headquarters, inclosed for the information of the major-general commanding.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 65. Memphis, Tenn., February 11, 1865.

* * * * * *

VI. The operation of Special Orders, Numbers 59, paragraph I, current series, from these headquarters, relieving Major General C. C. Washburn from duty in this department and ordering him to report to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding the Army of the James, is hereby suspended until further orders.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NATCHEZ, February 4, 1865.

[Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN:?]

MY DEAR COLONEL: In reply to your note asking me to write about General Brayman being sent over to the Vidalia side of the River, I inclose you the special order which divided the district with him. It was necessary that the next officer in rank should be on that side, in view of the Freedmen's Camp and a large number of leased plantations being on that side and immediately under his control. Besides, I asked the general the night before I left, standing near your desk, what he wished me to do with Brayman, and I think he replied, "Do what you please with him. " But reasons are coming up to me every day, apart from what I have said above, why he should not be continued on this side of the River. He had established the most merciless despotism

