
here ever heard of over these people. I will give one single instance: He seized some time in August last above 100 horses for cavalry purposes. For these horses up to this time he has had issued no vouchers. Among them was a pair of very fine carriage horses of Mrs. John Minor, who had taken the oath of allegiance and who has, I am informed, in every way conformed to it. These, instead of turning over for Government use, he put into his own private carriage and so drove them until I ordered them returned to Mrs. Minor, having about five months' use of them. I send copy of order. There is ample to try him on if thought expedient, and if not, if I am to stay, I hope he will be sent somewhere else. This note is in no sense private and you can use it officially if necessary. My kind regards to all my fellow-members of the staff and to the general and family. Mrs. D. goes down for a day or two on Monday to see Mrs. Canby, on General Thomas' boat. Is this district to be attached to the Gulf Department? If so, please write me. I am perfectly aware of your very kind friendship expressed in your last note and, believe me, it is as warmly returned as given.

Yours, very truly,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 1. Natchez, Miss., January 6, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of that portion of the District of Natchez lying west of the Mississippi River, to be designated as the Sub-District of Vidalia, with headquarters at Vidalia, La.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 17. Natchez, Miss., January 22, 1865.

* * * * * *

3. Captain L. W. Perce, assistant quartermaster, will return to Mrs. John Minor the two bay horses seized from her by military orders in July, 1864, and for which no vouchers have been given, taking proper receipts for the same.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Eastport, Miss., February 4, 1865.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you, by direction of the major-general commanding, that steamers are now here and ready to receive your division, and he desires you to embark as soon as you can, commencing to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

