
receive cordial support. Has he arrived at Saint Louis? Indians burned stage station at Julesburg on the 2nd, and are reported 1,500 strong. Livingston was advancing to relieve Julesburg, which was holding out under Captain O'Brien with fifty men and two little howitzers. Friends all well.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 4, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

I am informed at General Dodge's headquarters that Kansas and Missouri are united in the Department of the Missouri, and General Curtis assigned to the command of the Department of the Northwest, [headquarters at] Milwaukee.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 4, 1865.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL:

Draw forces from Laramie route sufficient to hold Overland Stage Route. Have continually asked for more force, but it does not come. I see General Pope is appointed to the command of a military division which covers all this region.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Numbers 9. Denver, Colonel Ter., February 4, 1865.

I. The following officers are announced as on the staff of the colonel commanding, and will be addressed and obeyed accordingly: Surg. J. F. Hamilton, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, medical director; Captain C. L. Gorton, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain W. R. Irwin, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary; Captain J. C. Anderson, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters and judge-advocate; Captain S. S. Soule, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, assistant provost-marshal-general; First Lieutenant C. C. Hawley, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, ordnance officer; First Lieutenant J. S. Maynard, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, inspector-general of district and chief of cavalry in the absence of Captain S. M. Robbins, on leave; First Lieutenant and Regt. Adjt. Ira I. Taber, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

II. All officers on duty in the quartermaster's and commissary departments, and those who have not yet forwarded their accounts, will make such reports to the chief quartermaster and commissary of this district as may be by them required.

By order of Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry:

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

