
pursuit unnecessary. Upon investigation the following facts were ascertained: That Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Kendall commanding, acting under orders from the commanding officer District of North Kansas, pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, were ordered to Council Grove Kans., in the District of the Upper Arkansas, to report to Major General James G. Blunt, commanding District of South Kansas: arrived there on the --- of January, 1865; left there on the 5th of February, 1865, for Humboldt, Kans. On the night previous to their departure eight of the enlisted men fired upon the lieutenant, severely wounding him. He drew his revolver and drove them off. He was carried into the hotel. The men shortly after returned to complete their work, but were prevented by a few soldiers of Company D, Second Cavalry of Colorado, stationed at that place for the protection of Government property stored there. Finding these men determined to protect this officer they withdrew, returning again, however, with more men, delcaring that they were going to kill him if they found him, and that they would search the town, burn the hotel and threatening the lives of the citizens, but that they would finish the job. It appears that the captain was cognizant of this and even present at the time the lieutenant was shot, making no effort to control his men. I inclose Lieutenant Wise's report. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding District.

By J. E. TAPPAN,

(In absence of colonel commanding.)

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William H. Greene, Second Colorado Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS. Fort Zarah, February 1, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to report that this morning, while eight men of my command were on fatigue duty cutting wood about three-quarters of a mile from this post on the Arkansas River, a party of Indians stole upon them and fired upon them mortally wounding one private, S. M. Dutton, of Company C, Second Colorado Cavalry. The tinctly more than 100 yards. I immediately sent Lieutenant Coy, with thirty men, in pursuit of the Indians. He was out for several hours, but could find no trace of them, except a few moccasin tracks on the sand-bar in the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. GREENE

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

