
days. The quartermaster will furnish necessary transportation. Arriving at New Orleans, they will report to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., February 5, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FRANKLIN, MO.:

SIR: You are hereby directed, by the colonel commanding, to impress any and all disloyal men and sympathizers within the limits of your command to assist the detachment at Meramec bridge in building block-houses, and to report your actions to these headquarters immediately.

By order of J. Weydemeyer, colonel Forty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding:

H. HUHN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 5, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER DISTRICT OF ROLLA, MO.:

SIR: Your attention is called to the orders of the governor of the State, and from these headquarters, in relation to raising volunteer militia for service in certain counties. In recommending officers great care must be observed, and none recommended except they are of good character, habits, &amp;c., and good disciplinarians. The frequent unauthorized depredations committed by troops must be stopped, and in the organization of these companies we must put men at the head of them who can and will control their men. Officers will be held strictly accountable for all unauthorized depredations committed by their men, no matter upon whom committed. If you have good officers under you in the Missouri state Militia whose term of service is about expiring, and who desire to take command in some of these companies, they can be assigned to duty in recruiting them, and applications can be made for their commissions. Old soldiers will, as far as possible, be selected in recommending for commissions. The men, as fast as recruited, will be rendezvoused at such point in the county as you may designate. They will be armed as provided in General Orders, Numbers 28, current series, from these headquarters. All their spare time will be occupied in drilling and perfecting themselves as soldiers. You will report weekly the progress made int eh district and sub-districts in organizing these companies.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. --You are hereby respectfully requested to furnish each sub-district commander with a copy, but no further publications whatever will be made of these instructions.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

