HEADQUARTERS, Camp Fillmore, Colo. Ter., February 5, 1865.

First Lieutenant IRA I. TABER,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Dist. of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: Having been placed in command of the troops at this station and feeling that in a measure the protection of this and the adjoining settlements from hostile Indians devolves upon me, I have the honor most respectfully to request that at least two full companies be stationed at this point at the earliest possible moment. The colonel commanding is doubtless well aware of the exposed position of this, one of the most flourishing settlements in Colorado, and the most important agricultural portion of the Territory, and I trust that in a few days we may have a sufficient number of troops stationed here to warrant protection to the settlers in the vicinity. Should there be an attack upon this settlement, in its now exposed position, by a large party of Indians, very few, if any, of the settlers would escape; and, in my opinion, such an attack is liable to be made at any hour. I understand that Richard Wooten has received authority to raise a company to be stationed here, but I fear that if this settlement gets no more protection than it now has until Richard Wooten raises, organizes and equips a company, there will be no settlement to protect.

But trusting that the colonel commanding will take such necessary steps as it is in his power to do for the protection of this portion of our Territory, I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK DUNN,

First Lieutenant, First Vol. Cav. of Colorado, Commanding Camp Fillmore.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 37. New Orleans, La., February 6, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. The commanding officer Sixth Minnesota Infantry having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, No. 27, paragraph 3, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, will report to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, by whom quarters will be assigned to the regiment during its temporary stay in this city. The commanding officer of the regiment will hold it in readiness to move at short notice.

3. Captain Charles H. Thompson, commissary of subsistence, is hereby relieved from duty as chief commissary of subsistence for the District of Natchez, and will report of the chief commissary of the military division for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., February 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 6th day of February,

