
the troops selected to remain will be those not belonging to your own command. Orders have been transmitted direct to the commanding officers of the Thirtieth Missouri and One hundred and sixty-first New York. These officers will report to you for such additional instructions as may be necessary.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Kenner, La., February 6, 1865.

Colonel LOREN KENT,Twenty-ninth Illinois Infty., Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div.:

COLONEL: You should have at least five days' rations when you leave this place. It would be well to ration the entire command to the 15th before starting. I will telegraph Captain Rockwood, commissary of subsistence to come up immediately with supplies. There are some stragglers belonging to the First Brigade who will be placed under your charge for transportation. As they are without organization, the best that can be done will be to order them to report to you, and you can put some officer in charge of them. It will not be necessary for you to commence embarking before to-morrow morning, even if the vessels arrive to-night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, No. 35. New Orleans, February 6, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. The Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. P. Grant commanding, having reported at these headquarters pursuant to paragraph 2 of Special Orders, No. 37, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, will be furnished quarters at the Camp of Distribution in this city by the commander thereof.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, February 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Thibodeaux:

You report of the movements of Major Davis' force has been received. * General Sherman wishes to know if he is to understand that there is a practicable road crossing the canal and leading to the lower portion of Bayou Saint Vincent; or, in other words, if the enemy can pass from Bayou Grand to Labadieville without passing in the vicinity of Napoleonville.

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 78.

---------------

