
JANUARY 29-FEBRUARY 7, 1865. - Scouts from Bayou Goula to Grand River, La., with skirmish (January 30) at Richland Plantation.

Report of Colonel Willard Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION.

Bayou Goula, February 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the expedition under my command, which reached this place January 27, 1865, and found on my arrival a detachment of the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, under command of Major William A. Hatch:

On the evening of the same day a scouting party was sent out, under the command of Major Hatch, who thoroughly explored the country for seven miles back and returned without discovering the enemy. On the 29th ultimo I sent out a cavalry force to the rear of a brule south of Thompson's back plantation and east of Mr. Randolph's plantation. Here a guerrilla camp was discovered and broken up, and a house, the haunt of these men, and 200 bushels of corn were burned. This was rendered necessary from the fact that the camp was so far in the swamp rendered necessary from the fact that the camp was so far in the swamp that the corn could not be brought out without great labor. Then the party moved south from Richland plantation, driving a party of twenty or more guerrillas, commanded by one Brown, a Confederate captain, to another camp on a small plantation owned by Alexander Ambreaux. Here they disappeared in the swamp, where it was entirely impracticable to follow them. Our party then retired two miles, to the Richland plantation, posted pickets, and encamped. During the night the guerrillas attempted to break through our pickets, were fired upon, and retreated with one man severely wounded. On the following morning a small Infantry force was sent to their assistance, when the guerrillas were again driven into the swamps and scattered in every direction. The Infantry pursued some of the stragglers to the rear of Mrs. E. J. Randolph's back plantation, but were unsuccessful in overtaking them. Our wreturned to camp at this place, successful only in breaking up the guerrilla haunts and destroying their camps. Immediately after their return two companies of cavalry were sent out, one to the said swamp and the other to Mrs. Randolph's back plantation for the purpose of intercepting and cutting of any of their band lurking about there. After remaining two days they were ordered into camp. February 2, a company of cavalry was sent out, proceeding from Andrew Mills' plantation, on Bayou La butte, for the purpose of examining the roads and scouting for the enemy in the direction of Grand River. This road is crossed by fifteen small bayous, which were very high in consequence of the overflowing of Grand River, and there being no bridges they swam five of them, filled with logs and cypress roots. It required the greatest care and labor on the part of both officers and men to cross them without drowning or disabling the horses. They were, however, effected with the loss of only one horse. Upon reaching the river they learned that Captain Brown had made the river a day or two before by the way of Lake Long. As the water was breaking through the levee in many places and sweeping across the road, we were unable to proceed farther down the river. The force then moved toward Indian Village and encamped near there, and the next morning started for camp, reaching here about 3 p. m. From that time till the 5th instant, in consequence of incessant rains and the impracticable roads, we remained in camp to rest both men and horses. February 5, I received a dispatch from Major Shaw, commanding at Plaquemine containing the information that Captain Rice, Thirty-first

