
Brigade, and temporarily assigned to the First Brigade. Colonel Ziegler will report in person to Colonel F. M. Crandall, commanding First Brigade, for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 6, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

A first-rate general officer, experienced in Indian warfare, is needed to command troops on Overland route from Leavenworth to Laramie - one who can make the dispositions necessary to secure safety, and who can remain there permanently. If Brigadier General W. L. Elliott can be spared I would prefer him to any other. Some one who is active and knows he is about is absolutely needed. Please answer if Elliott can come.

JOHN. POPE,Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 6, 1865-3. 50 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

You will perceive from the papers sent you by mail, that General Connor thinks with two additional regiments he can guard the overland Mail Route as far east as the Big Blue. This arrangement is desired by the Overland Mail Company, and favorably considered by General Grant. District and department lines can be arranged to suit. Read the papers and then give us your views.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1865-11. 10 a. m.

(Received 1. 15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I will be glad to have the two regiments of rebel deserters from Rock Island to post on the Overland route, if experienced and suitable officers can be appointed. Please ask authority for me to make appointments for these regiments from veteran officers now out of service or in service in this division.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 6, 1865-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis:

The Secretary of War authorized you to take the two regiments of enlisted rebel deserters at Rock Island and to appoint provisionally

