
are repairing telegraph lines; Julesburg is therefore relieved. It was surrounded by Indians for several days and held by Captain O'Brien and one company. What are my orders? I want to get ready to obey promptly.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

You are ordered to the command of the Department of the Northwest, headquarters at Milwaukee, where I wish to meet you by Wednesday, 15th. General Dodge will reach Leaven worth to-morrow with War Department order. Please confer fully with him about affairs in Kansas Department.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

General Dodge left this morning for Fort Leavenworth with the orders. General Pope says you will take such staff officers with you as you desire. He will telegraph you to-day.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., February 6, 1865.

Lieutenant WISE,Second Colorado Cavalry:

The colonel commanding has received information that Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, now at Council Grove, Kans., are in a partial state of mutiny, having shot one of their officers. He directs that you proceed without delay to Council Grove, investigate the affair, arresting all the guilty parties, sending them to Fort Riley for trial. From information received at these headquarters the captain and nearly the whole company are implicated. Therefore, if necessary, arrest the whole company and the captain, taking with you sufficient men to carry out these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF COLORADO, No. 10. Denver, February 6, 1865.

I. In view of the threatening attitude of the Plains Indians and the ravages they are committing on the citizens and Territory, as also the cutting off our lines of communication, the scarcity of troops in this district, and the impracticability of expecting re-enforcements from the General Government until the opening of spring, I respectfully call upon your honor, as the acting executive of this Territory, for 365

