
mounted men for ninety days' service, unless sooner discharged, in companies of sixty, under a competent field officer, to open the Overland route as far as Julesburg, and keep the same open, that business may run on in the usual channel, and that the firesides and lives of this people may be spared from the merciless visitations of the inhuman savages who swear eternal vengeance on all white men.

II. To insure a prompt response to your call, and that all classes of men may feel the importance of this step, and the imperative necessity which demands such action martial law is hereby proclaimed throughout this district, to take effect on the 8th instant, and all labor and business is suspended until the number of men called for be organized and placed under my command, to operate in conjunction with the troops now holding the Indians in check. Each man should come provided with a horse, at least two blankets, and, if possible, a revolver. All other arms and accouterments, including saddles and bridles, camp equipage, forage, rations, ammunition, &amp;c., I will issue in behalf of the Government.

III. While I regret the existence of a state of affairs which demands action of this kind, I earnestly call upon all men to drop private animosities and strife and join hands together in a work of humanity which will redound to the honor and glory of Colorado. If horses cannot be procured voluntarily I will be compelled to press them into service wherever found. Horses furnished for service will be appraised by a board hereinafter appointed, who will give the owner a certificate of appraisement, so that in case of loss or injury remuneration may be claimed and obtained.

IV. As soon as a county has furnished the quota of men and horses apportioned by the acting chief executive, martial law will be suspended in that county and business again resumed.

V. The assistant provost-marshal-general of the district will take such steps as will insure a faithful execution of this order. To him and such deputies as he may appoint is intrusted the work of seeing that all houses of business, drinking saloons, places of amusement, &c., be kept closed, except between the hours of 2 and 3 each afternoon; this refers only to merchandising. Drug stores, eating saloons, hotels, butcher stalls, and bakeries will be allowed to continue their business, but saloons of hotels must be kept closed until martial law is suspended and the civil officers again invited to resume their duties.

VI. The following are the officers and citizens appointed to appraise the horses furnished for service under paragraph III of this order: 1. Captain C. L. Gorton, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers; 2. Mr. W. G. Long, master of transportation, Denver; 3. Mr. John Cree, Denver City.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 7, 1865.

(Via New York and Cairo. Received 13th).

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

The Secretary of War wishes you to give to General A. J. Smith's command, with such troops as you may see fit to add, the designation of an army corps. Numbers thirteen and sixteen are vacant. Telegraph the organization for confirmation by the President.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

