
others. Captured eight of their horses, equipments, and two Sharps carbines and one revolver. They scoured the country thoroughly and broke up two important guerrilla haunts. Families who harbored bushmen were discovered. A special report will be made in their case.

JOHN. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Topeka, February 7, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I have just met a delegation from Southwestern Kansas, who present a bad condition of affairs in that locality. The same party communicates to you a full statement of facts as respected to me, in consideration of which, general, I have the honor to address you this communication. In my opinion, the whole difficulty arises from the cattle stealing carried on in the Indian country south of that locality by parties who claim to have permits or passes from the military authorities or Indian agents for that purpose. I believe that by sending a small force, commanded by an officer of undoubted character, to that locality with instructions to arrest all parties engaged in the business and by revoking all permits and passes given to parties either by Indian agents or officers in the army it would remedy existing difficulties and prevent future trouble in that locality.

I have the honor, general, as ever, to remain, your most obedient servant,

S. J. CRAWFORD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, No. 11. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 7, 1865.

The following just received, is published for the information of this department: * Pursuant to the foregoing orders of the War Department, which attaches the Department of Kansas to that of the Missouri and transfers Major-General Curtis to the Department of the Northwest, the general relinquishes this command and directs all officers and soldiers heretofore belonging to this department to report to Major General G. M. Dodge, commander of the Department of the Missouri, headquarters at this place. In parting with the officers, soldiers, and citizens with whom he has been associated for over a year of thrilling interest to our country, the general desires to tender them his hearty thanks for their cordial obedience and hearty co-operation in carrying out the orders and duties incident to the trials of the times we have shared together. He will remember with gratitude his cordial reception and the many distinguished expressions of approbation he has received. The organization of a division of two departments will secure a convenient concentration of forces, which will more effectually suppress Indian hostilities, and the general therefore congratulates the department in the peace and quiet prosperity generally prevailing in the department and the frontier settlements in a prospect for greater security from savage barbarities. The new commanders associated and succeeding in the new organizations are distinguished for their gallantry

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 11, p. 686.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

