
now stationed. I was going to suggest to the general the propriety of my giving up these posts next spring. Troops at the Big Sioux Falls, communicating with Lake Shetek, ought to the protection enough to all settlers. The country between the Big Sioux Falls and Spirit Lake is a high, rolling prairie, devoid of timber, and almost 100 miles across. There is no point on this line where you could establish a post. I have been at Lake Shetek and also at Lake Benton. If I recollect rightly, Benton is a much more eligible point for a post than Lake Shetek, on account of timber. If the positions of the two posts at Big Sioux Falls and Fire Steel Creek with the approval of the major-general commanding the department, I should be glad to know it as soon as possible, that I may make the necessary arrangements to locate them early in spring. I would again request permission to alter the shape of Fort Randall. The buildings, store-houses, stables, &amp;c., are so scattered it takes a guard of about forty-five men to post the necessary sentinels. It is more like a village than a military post.

With much respect your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, No. 29. City Point, Va., February 8, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier General B. H. Grierson, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to these headquarters for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 39. New Orleans, La., February 8, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. Brigadier General James R. Slack, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, First Division, of the Reserve Corps, and will report accordingly without delay to Major General Gordon Granger, at Fort Gaines, Ala.

5. The First Louisiana Cavalry, the Second Illinois Cavalry, the Second New York Cavalry, and the Thirty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry are hereby formed into a separate brigade, and Brigadier General Thomas J. Lucas, U. S. Volunteers, assigned to the command of the came. The regimental commanders will report at once by letter through these headquarters to General Lucas and the troops will be held in readiness to move upon short notice. They will be armed with Sharps carbine and the saber, out only the non-commissioned officers will be permitted to carry the revolver. All other arms, of whatsoever description, will be turned in to the ordnance department.

*		*		*		*		*		*

8. Captain Frank Eno, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at headquarters Department of the Missouri and will proceed to this city and report to the assistant adjutant-general of the division for assignment to other duty.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

