HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 8th day of February, 1865: J. C. Stanely left Galveston, Tex., in November, 1864, and Houston, Tex., December 13, 1864; crossed the Rio Grande December 25, 1864. He had been acting master on the Harriet Lane, Bayou City, and Island City. He states the Fort Jackson, on Pelican Island, has five guns - three caseate 32-pounders, one en barrette 8-inch, and one en barrette 32-pounder. Fort Point has seven guns - four guns caseate, one 8-inch, two 32-pounders, one Parrott rifle; three guns en barrette - one 32-pounder, two rifles, made from the shaft of the gun-boat Westfield. Fort Magruder has five guns- one 11-inch, two 32-pounders, two 24-pounders. South Battery has six guns, as he thinks - two rifled 32-pounders, one 8-inch smooth-bore; caliber of others unknown, probably 24-pounders. Redoubt No. 1 has three guns- two 32-pounders, one 24-pounders. Redoubt No. 2 has two guns - one 8-inch, one 32-pounder. Two other works are going up near the railroad, one mile and a quarter one mile and a half from the east end of the railroad bridge, intended to mount three guns each; there are two light batteries, each of four guns. Informant estimates the total number of troops at Galveston at 2,800; the greater part of the mounted troops have been dismounted on account of scarcity of forage; states there is only one gun-boat at Galveston, the Bayou City, mounting three guns, one rifled and two howitzers. He thinks the Diana has been disarmed. At Brazos is the John F. Carr, two guns; at Sabine Pass is the Josiah H. Bell, three guns. The obstructions in Galveston Bay are placed at each and of Pelican Spit, and consist of spikes and torpedoes. Informant understands the positions of torpedoes. A communication from Major George Webster, Pass Machac, La., February 6, states it is rumored a Confederate force of 400 or 500 has entered East Louisiana near the Tangipahoa for the purpose of arresting deserters from the rebel army.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div., of West Mississippi.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 62. Washington, February 8, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

34. By direction of the President the following-named officers are hereby relieved from duty with the Seventh Army Corps, with rank and pay of Lieutenant-colonel, by assignment, under act of July 17, 1862, to take effect February 6, 1865: Major William D. Green, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers; Captain George O. Sokalski, Second U. S. Cavalry.

35. By direction of the President Major John Levering, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty with the Seventh Army Corps and the Department of Arkansas as assistant adjutant-general, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under act of July, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

