
who infest and in fact hold almost undisputed possession of the country from the La Fourche to Grand Lake. If we pursue them with cavalry they take to their canoes and small boats. If we undertake to cut them off with a gun-boat they run into a chain of smaller bayous where a gun-boat cannot follow them. The only plan left by which we can insure success is to gather together what small boats we can at Bayou Boeuf and build enough more to carry, if need be, a force of 125 picked men, and then purse and fight them in their own say. In this they may at first have the advantage of experience, but we would at once have the advantage in situation; for it we overpowered, them in numbers they would be obliged to retreat by the way of Guard River, where we could have a gun-boat stationed at Micheltre's place, which would cut them off; or should they try Grand Lake as a line of retreat they would be at the mercy of the navy there. I have looked at this plan for weeks from every standpoint, and if it strikes General Sherman as favorably as it does myself I would like to carry it into execution. I think the construction of the boats wold involve but little expense, as we captured at Offutt's Mills lumber sawed by the rebels on purpose for the construction of just such boats as they use and such as we would use. To make this armada still more efficient the telegraph office at Tigerville should be moved to Bayou Boeuf, so as to give us the more rapid communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., February 8, 1865 - 2 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

In answer to your telegram of January 21 I recommend that the following posts be occupied in this department. The minimum force of all arms necessary for the defense of the posts is about as stated below: Little Rock, 9,000; Pine Bluff, 2,000; Saint Charles, 600; Brownsville and railroad, 1,500; Devall's Bluff, 2,000; Lewisburg, 1,500; mouth of White River, 600; total, in round numbers, 17,000. Helena at present has no military importance, but I would leave there one colored regiment and a battery to protect colored laborers on plantations, and would transfer the remainder of the garrison, say 2,000, to Gaines' Landing, and establish a post there. Gaines' Landing has been a crossing place for the rebels, and is the most convenient place for a cavalry depot, if the 5,000 dismounted cavalry in this department are furnished with horses. Also, transfer the garrison of Fort Smith and its dependencies to Gaines' Landing, where they can be conveniently subsisted and held ready for service at any point. These dispositions would give, with the present force in the department, a movable column of about 8,000, which might act out of the department, and for movements that would themselves protect the posts. The movable column might be increased to about 12,000. We suppose the cavalry mounted. By reducing the garrisons below the proper limit a movable force of 3,000 has been formed, which is now en route to the Department of the Gulf, under orders from General Canby, Military Division of West Mississippi. Detail statements are forwarded by mail.

J. J. REYNOLDS,Major-General.

