SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, No. 35. Little Rock, Ark., February 8, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

7. Major T. J. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will without delay report in person to these headquarters for orders.

8. Captain W. S. Whitten, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will without delay report in person to these headquarters for orders

*		*		*		*		*		*

10. The commanding officer of the Fifty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry will without delay make proper details from his command to relieve the detachments of the Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry now stationed on the line of the U. S. military railroad. On being relieved the detachments of the Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry will rejoin their regiment without delay.

*		*		*		*		*		*

14. Brigadier General James C. Veatch will relieve Brigadier General E. A. Carr in command of the Detached Brigade of the Seventh Army Corps, and will carry out the instructions contained in paragraph 5, Special Orders, No. 29, current series, from these headquarters.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., February 8, 1865.

Captain NOBLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Little Rock:

Two squadrons of the First Iowa Cavalry left this place on the Rose Hambleton at 5 p. m. en route for Memphis.

WM. THOMPSON,

Colonel First Iowa Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, No. 13. Vicksburg, Miss., February 8, 1865.

I. Colonel H. Scofield, commanding Second Brigade, will cause the remainder of his command to embark at once, with their camp and garrison equipage, transportation, &amp;c., on board the steamer Olive Branch and proceed to New Orleans.

II. Colonel F. M. Crandall, commanding First Brigade, will embark with his command, with their camp and garrison equipage, transportation, &c., without delay on board the steamers White Could and Joseph Pierce and proceed to New Orleans. On arriving at New Orleans he will report to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. The First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, being en route for New Orleans, Captain T. F. Purnell, assistant quartermaster, will remain at this place for the purpose of finishing up the business of his office. As soon as this duty is completed be will rejoin the command at New Orleans.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

