HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, On Board Brilliant, February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you draw rations for your command to include the 20th of February; that you coal your boats and proceed immediately to Memphis, Tenn., where you will endeavor to have all men of your command now on detached service at that place returned to duty with their regiments. From Memphis you will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., and await further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM G. MEAD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., February 8, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have examined as carefully as possible into the state of affairs along the Overland routes and in the settled region of Colorado Territory and have talked freely with men occupied and interested in that region and in freighting to it. I have also carefully examined the paper of General Connor which you inclosed. In all arrangements for defense against Indians it is, of course, very desirable to accommodate matters as far as reasonable to the wishes of the people most interested, both to give them confidence in the plans and purpose of the Government and to preclude them from any captions complaints afterward. I found on all hands much confidence reposed in General Governor, and a very strong and general wish that he should be placed in charge of the protection arrangements for the whole region in question. I myself am of the opinion that he is the best available man from all I can learn of him, and in reply to your request for my views I would respectfully suggest that a Department of the Plains be constituted to be commanded by General Connor, with headquarters at Denver City. The boundaries of this department I suggest as follows: Along a line drawn south from the Missouri River at mouth of Niobrara River to its intersection with the southern boundary of Kansas; thence west along that line and its continuation, the southern line of Colorado, to the western boundary of Colorado Territory; thence north to include the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains; thence eastward to the place of beginning. To this department should be added the present military district commanded by General Connor. If this arrangement be made it should be made at once, as I feel it will give immediate confidence to the great trains of emigrants and of supplies for the mining regions which will at once set forward. Unless theseugh this spring there will be immense suffering among the inhabitants of the Colorado and Idaho mining regions. With the two regiments of rebel deserters from Rock Island and other disposable forces I can place enough troops at once this new department to assure safety. It seems to me that this arrangement will accomplish the purpose. There are plenty of troops in the Department of Kansas for these objects. As the large mass of business in the Department of the Missouri is in Missouri itself, I have the honor to request that the

