
Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche. LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., February 4, 1865.

On the 29th ultimo I heard of a party of guerrillas in the neighborhood of Labadieville and this side of Napoleonville stealing horses. Finding telegraphic communication was interrupted with Napoleonville, I sent Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, after them from this place. They tracked a few of them to Lake Verret, where they escaped in a small boat, exchanging shots as they went, one man of our party being wounded; the damage to them unknown. A full report from Captain Alexander, commanding the expedition, has been sent you. On the 30th ultimo Major Davis, commanding at Napoleonville, heard of their main force. (See telegram, marked A, inclosed). I telegraphed him to pursue them. (See telegram, marked B.) A full history of what then transpired please find in the inclosed telegrams, reports, letters, and orders in their order from A to I, inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans, La.

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, February 7, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have given orders for pickets to be established beyond Napoleonville upon a road practicable for horses, and over which Major Davis says these guerrillas succeeded in getting between Napoleonville and Thibodeaux. This road, which is from two to four miles from La Fourche BAYOU, not having been guarded as it should have been, is the cause of the whole affair at Labadieville. It is a road of which I was not until yesterday aware, and which was not reported after the reconnaissances made last summer with the view of getting a correct topography of the country.

T. W. S.

[Inclosure A.]

NAPOLEONVILLE, LA., January 30, 1865

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We had an engagement to-day with the Confederates between here and Lake Verret, commencing about 10 a. m. and lasting about an hour. Confederate force reported upward of sixty. Will have more particulars soon.

GEORGE R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding Post.

