
GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 32. Saint Louis, Mo., February 8, 1865.

I. The Department of Kansas having been merged into the Department of the Missouri, by General Orders, No. 11, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, I assume command of the district of country heretofore comprised in the Department of Kansas.

II. All orders now in force will be obeyed, and all officers on duty in former Department of Kansas will remain on their present duty until otherwise ordered.

III. District commanders in former Department of Kansas will make their reports to the assistant adjutant-general, Fort Leavenworth.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 39. Fort Leavenworth, February 8, 1865.

1. The following companies of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry will be relieved from duty at the posts where they are now stationed and will immediately join their regiments at this post, viz: Company A, at Lawrence, Kans. ; Company C at Topeka.

2. Colonel Joseph A. Potter, depot quartermaster, will fit out a pack train of 400 to 500 mules and have them ready to move on Monday, the 13th instant. Men skilled in such service will be selected as drivers and superintendents. All the employees will be armed and thoroughly organized under a competent superintendent.

3. Lieutenant B. S. Bassett, Third Kansas Battery, will proceed to Little Rock, Ark., to join his command, transportation to be charged against him.

4. Company D, Sixteenth Kansas, will immediately be relieved from duty at Council Grove, Kans., and proceed to Fort Kearny, by way of Fort Riley, reporting to commanding officer post of Fort Kearny on their arrival.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

JOHN WILLIAMS,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

SIR: I have the report that General Reynolds has moved from Little Rock and has gone south, but I cannot get reliable information. I suppose if he has moved that there is no use of my going on south; but give me orders what you want me to do an I will obey them, let them be what they are.

Yours, truly,

A. H. GLENN.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 8, 1865-4. 58 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I will start to-morrow and try to be at Milwaukee on the 15th. Please order the following officers and soldiers to join me at that place. They

