
Cimarron route, and so on alternately. The merchants and others who wish to send trains in after goods can assemble their trains at such points near Fort Union as may be desired by them, so as to have the protection of these periodical escorts, if such be their wish. Arrangements will be made with Major-General Curtis, commanding the Department of Kansas, so as to send these companies back from Fort Larned at such times as may best promote the interests and safety of all who may have trains the road coming in this direction.

By command of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Wingate, N. Mex., February 8, 1865.

Captain BEN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe., N. Mex:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the department commander that in compliance with his communication of January 20, 1865, I started the Navajo interpreter for this post and two Navajo runners on the 26th of the same month, to inform the Navajoes yet in the Navajo country that they must come in at once, that they may be sent to their reservation in time to plant the coming season. The three went direct to the camp of Manuelito and his band (the only Indians, "Ricos," that are yet back). The interpreter delivered the message sent by me. Manuelito answered that he would not leave his country; that he was doing no harm to any one, and he intended to die there; that he was not stealing, neither would he allow thieves with his party; that he could always be found; that head no fears and did not intend to run away. Also, that he intended to plant at Canon Bonito this season. the interpreter told him that I had told him to inform them that they would not be allowed to raise any grain in their own country, and if they did not come in peaceably they would be brought in; that probably a campaign would start against them early in the spring unless they came in before. He said he wanted to die where he was, but also said he wanted to see a Navajo called Armijo, that was not at the Bosque. If he reported favorably he thought he would then go. The interpreter says there are from 400 to 600 horses and from 2,000 to 3,000 sheep owned by that band; that there are six called "Ricos," that there are from twenty to thirty warriors, not more, and from 60 to 100 old and young, all told. Manuelito told the interpreter that the only Indians that were stealing were a small party of about twenty warriors, and sixty to eighty souls all told, that had been near the headwaters of Red River, but that they were now below the road tort Whipple, and offered to conduct a party to where they are, if a party should be sent. There have lately come from the Coconino Mountains three rancherios, say thirty souls. One of these Indians was about the largest stock owner in the Navajo country, but Utes cleaned him out, leaving him only six horses. This party are on their way tho this post, and will probably be here in about ten days. Manuelito, and also this Indian, says there are none left where these came from Orin that part of the country. There are about forty at Queletes, about twenty miles from Fort Canby, that are poor. One of the Indians that went from here has a brother with them, and went to them to bring them in if possible. If they come they will all be here in ten or twelve days. This will only leave Manuelito and the party at Red River. Manuelito

