
assured the interpreter that the Indians mentioned are the only ones left back except three families (about twenty persons) that are in Canon de Chelly, and taking the largest calculation of them makes only 270, say 300, that have not come in, and fifty now at the post. I believe this statement to be the most reliable of any that has been made relating to the Navajoes yet to got to the reservation. It also agrees with the statements of Navajoes and Zunis. Manuelito told the interpreter that Captain Hargrove's sheep, Lieutenant Dowlin's mules, and the sheep stolen from Limitar were taken by the party now on Red River, and that he had sent me notice through the Zunis of the party that went to the River that I sent Captain Hodt to intercept, and that there were eleven of them, six under can Indian known as Cabesa Blanca, and five in another party, only four of which returned, one having been killed. this is the party Captain Hodt saw the trail of. The other party probably went farther south and had not returned, that Manuelito knew of, when the interpreter was with him. The Zunis exaggerated the number, having reported it to be about sixty. Manuelito appears to be well informed of the whereabouts and doings of the Navajoes yet back. He also says that only six have returned the reservation to that country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,Commanding District of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa:

GENERAL: You will please proceed immediately to Rock Island, Ill., and organize and inspect the two regiments of rebel deserters lately selected from the military prison at that place. Authority has been sent me (copy inclosed*) to appoint the officers for these regiments, and you will please send me without delay a list of officers of regiments under you command of tw' service. I send you a list, furnished me by General Dodge, of Iowa officers discharged from service whom he knows to be first-are officers. Send for them and see what they are and how they will answer. I have two officers, one of whom I wish appointed a major and one lieutenant-colonel. I will designate them in the proper time. Please attend to this as soon as possible, as I wish to send these regiments at once to that plains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT, Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Iowa:

COLONEL: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to state that affairs at this post continue the same as in my last letter of the 2nd instant. I received on the 4th instant by some

---------------

*See Halleck to Pope, p. 760.

---------------

