
Indian scouts I employed two communications from Captain Moreland, commanding Fort Berthold. He is of the opinion he will soon be attacked by the bands of Santees, Yanktonnais, Blackfeet, Unepapas, and Minneconjous, now collected below his post to the number of several thousand. He states he has fifty-five men, no ammunition for his artillery, and requests that I send him 100 men and ammunition (without sending me the caliber of his guns). I have written him in return (see inclosed copy of letter to him). By Two Bear's young men I am in communication very often with the camp above. Yesterday, from two Indians whom I sent as spies to Medicine Bear camp, I learn that there is now a ware element and a peace element in the camp. The latter is in the majority, and no overt act has been committed at Fort Berthold. Some Indians came into camp while were there, reporting they had left a train of forty sleigh loads, which would be in to trade in four days, owned by the same agents which had been there before. As I have said before, we have more to fear from the influence of these traders than any natural disposition of the Indians. Another report of a scheme one of these traders had tried to induce the Indians to join in viz, to seize the garrison of Fort Berthold by treachery, drawing the garrison outside for peace purposes unarmed, and surprising them; but the fact of Captain Moreland being the general's selection is sufficient guarantee to insure the post against capture by this means. I do not really think the post in danger at present, or I should re-enforce it, and wish to obey strictly the general's orders of acting on the defensive, unless a necessity obliges me to act upon my own judgment and the interests of the service. An Indian just in from above reports the camp below Berthold breaking up and a great portion of them coming down this way, thus strengthening me in my first opinion. I am anxiously expecting an answer from the general commanding in regard to my request to break up these Red River trading agents.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT RICE, DAK. TER., February 5, 1865.

Captain A. B. MORELAND,

Commanding Fort Berthold, Dak. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: Your favors of the 16th of December and two of 31st ultimo were received yesterday with your mail for below. Nothing new except an order in regard to trade, which I think has long been needed. I have received a message from Medicine Bear, who makes assurances of good will and says the majority of the camp below you is for peace, and all to be feared from them is small war parties of young men, which he cannot control. Taking this and other information into consideration, I deem it best to wait for some overt act of theirs before commencing a movement which might be construed into a commencement of hostilities which at this time might be injudicious. I think if you will look well at the matter you will think as I do. I am ready at five minutes' notice to send you help in five days. You forgot, captain, to send me the caliber of your guns. It would be impossible for me to send you any artillery, as mine is all heavy; also to obtain transportation for subsistence for men for over ten days; but that might be arranged afterward. Please keep me posted, captain, but

50 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

