
whatever cost. I am in communication (by Indian scouts) almost daily with the camp below you. The fact of your mail having passed through that camp unmolested is proof of some change in their feeling. It may be treachery, but as the men I employed were in the camp several days, and only heard expressions of peace and weariness of the late war, I think you have not much to fear, if you are careful. Of course it is needless for me to caution you. You should know your position well, and I shall await anxiously your next communication, or if I hear threatening news, shall act. Medicine Bear complains that his young men go out in the night to the Ree village and trade with your traders for all they want to make war with, and he cannot control them and wishes it could be stopped.

Trusting I shall hear from you soon, I remain, yours, truly,

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel, First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

CITY PONT, VA., February 9, 1865-10 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I have ordered General Grierson to Canby to command his cavalry. I think he could not have known Averell or he would not have applied for him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 9, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

I have ordered General Grierson to report to you to take chief command of your cavalry operating from Mobile Bay. I do not mean to fasten on you commanders against your judgment or wishes, but you applied for Averell, I supposed for that service. I have no faith in him, and cannot point to a single success of his except in his reports. Grierson, on the country, has been a most successful cavalry commander. He set the first example in making long raids by going through from Memphis to Baton Rouge. His raid this winter on to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad was most important in its results and most successfully executed. I do not think I could have sent you a better man than Grierson to command your cavalry on an expedition to the interior of Alabama. Unless you go yourself I am afraid your other troops will not be so well commanded. What is wanted is a commander who will not be afraid to cut loose from his base of supplies, and who will make the best use of the resources of the country. An army the size of the one you will have can always get some place where they can be supplied, if they should fail to reach the point started for.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

PADUCAH, KY., February 9, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

All the infantry of Major General A. J. Smith's command, and also the division of cavalry, have left Eastport and are now on their way to

