HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Brigadier General E. A. Carr was assigned to the command of the Detached Brigade, Seventh Army Corps, and left this post for New Orleans on the 6th instant with the distinct understanding between him and myself, at an interview in my office, that he would proceed direct to New Orleans and prepare for the arrival of his command, which is getting off by regiments as transportation can be procured. A party of officers and ladies went to Devall's Bluff the same afternoon to attend an entertainment given on board the steamer Rowena at Devall's Bluff. General Carr was drunk on the railroad going to the Bluff, carried liquor with him from Little Rock, was drunk on the steamboat, and returned to Little Rock drunk. He behaved in a very unbecoming manner going, returning, and while at the Bluff. He was under orders at the time and it was generally known that he was under orders for important service. I have ordered Brigadier General J. C. Veatch to relieve General Carr in the command of the detachment Seventh Corps. General Veatch leaves to-day for New Orleans. General Carr is now unassigned. He has been a long time this department. His habits, in my opinion, are bad and his influence detrimental to the best interests of the service. I respectfully request that the major-general commanding the military division will assign him to duty out of this department. The Arkansas River is again in boating condition. One steamer has been sent to Fort Smith with supplies and two more start to-day. Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey has been ordered to relieve Brigadier-General Thayer at Fort Smith and leaves to-day for that post. I have had full conferences with Brigadier-General Bussey and am satisfied he will use every endeavor to carry out at Fort Smith the wishes of the major-general commanding the military division.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, February 9, 1865-11 a. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to submit the following report from Colonel William Thompson, First Iowa Cavalry: He reports that several negroes just arrived from Camden say that at the time our advance reached Chambersville there were 2,000 men in Camden; that they took up the pontoon bridge on the Ouachita, fell back, and formed a line of battle five miles below Camden, and were to retreat as soon as we began to cross the River.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, February 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON, Pine Bluff, Ark.:

The Seventh Missouri Cavalry Regiment is expected at Little Rock, as directed in dispatch of 3rd instant. Has the command embarked?

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

