
PINE BLUFF, ARK., February 9, 1865.

Major J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers left here for Little Rock yesterday morning, with the exception of a small detachment, which was left in charge of their camp and garrison equipage.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, February 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,Pine Bluff:

The First Iowa Cavalry should move first. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois as soon thereafter as possible.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE, Fort Gibson, C. N., February 9, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I have forwarded reports to you of the condition of this command and of the Indian people dependent on it. As spring as rapidly approaching and steps must be taken for the necessities then to be met, I refer the following matter to you: Here, besides the soldiers, there is a large camp of Indian refugees, nearly all of whom are at least partially civilized. They have been subsisted by trains from Leavenworth and Fort Scott. So far as it is possible to make them self-subsisting for the ensuing season requires effort, both as a question of economy and humanity. The command here consists, as our reports will show, of about 2,000 men on paper, four-fifths of which may be considered effective. No part of the command here is mounted; I have not even horsemen for picket duty. I have to employ a few scouts to watch my front and flanks an drive in beef. Of course it will be evident that it is impossible for such a force of footmen to defend the refugees while raising a crop. The Creeks have been and are clamoring at the Department of the Interior to be sent to their homes, which are south of the Arkansas River, where they would be exposed and scattered over a large tract of country, and which is, in the present condition of affairs, out of the question. In conversation with their head chief, Sands, who is an able man, he desires to occupy lands across the Verdigris, yet in their own country, and not to exceed in distance fifteen miles from this post. Cherokees and those of other tribes are located on this side. If one-half of this force, say 1,000 men, were mounted by April 16, when there will be grass, they could be protected. The plan I had matured for the approaching season was as follows: To get 1,000 horses by the middle of April to mount the companies best officered that could take care of them; to get the four new howitzers, with horses for the old howitzer company; "requisitions" have been sent. I designed by the 20th of April to take the mounted men and the

