
[Inclosure B.]

THIBODEAUX, LA., January 30, 1865.

Major DAVIS,

Napoleonville:

Pursue the guerrillas. Chase them out if possible. You can have re-enforcements from this place if necessary.

By command of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]

NAPOLEONVILLE, January 30, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will start immediately with about sixty men, leaving a competent officer in command here with about 125 dismounted men and twenty-five mounted to protect this place, including the Infantry.

G. R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,January 31, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of La Fourche:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to instructions received by telegram, I scouted the country on the east side of Lake Verret and to the brule, on the Texas road, last night, and found no guerrillas. The only report that I was able to obtain was that there was a fight there yesterday for some time, and it was reported that quite a number were engaged . I started some upon my way back near Foley's plantation. They passed through Beasley's plantation. After pursuing them some distance, it being very dark, I returned to this post. Early this morning I sent out a few mounted men on the Canal road and some to Paincourtville, with orders to proceed as far as Grand Bayou and then through the brule, this side of Grand Bayou and the lake to the Canal road. I hear that some twenty-two were on the plantation of Doctor Ford, on Bayou La Fourche, this a. m. and that the men sent out by my are only a few miles behind them. They have in their party of guerrillas the horses belonging to Messrs. Cox and Foley, some ten or twelve in number, and seven or eight mules belonging to Doctor Ford.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding Regiment and Post.

[Inclosure E.]

NAPOLEONVILLE, LA., January 31, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Sayles has just returned, and reports the guerrilla party to be commanded by Whitaker. Followed him to and beyond Bayou Grand; could not overtake him. Our horses are too inferior to move rapidly.

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding Post

