
howitzers and move rapidly on Boggy, Towson, and Washita, where the enemy have the military organization by which they have foothold in the nation. I should like, in addition, to have one battalion of white cavalry, but, if necessary, could do without them. Unless the enemy can maintain their military organizations in the country, they lose everything. Attack is the best defense. Their Indian troops are mostly furloughed until May, and if we do not attack them they will attack us. If successfully, their Texas force would be driven over Red River, their organization for the spring prevented, and not only definite results obtained for peace in the Indian Nation, but they would be crippled for the ensuing season. In any event the mounted troops could cover the refugees and defend them from the mounted raids of the enemy. The infantry could garrison Fort Gibson (where there is a strong work) and protect their supplies. Communications have been sent in reference to the "muster out" of the Indian command. If it be not mustered out until the expiration of its term of service the above programme would cover the term. I ought, however, to have some more troops, as I have to defend my supply line to Fort Scott or Leavenworth. If the plan of campaign is approved steps would have to be taken at once to get the horses. Nearly a year ago Lieutenant-General Grant authorized me to mount as many of my men as I deemed advisable. The difficulty lay in getting the horses. Horses of a smaller size might do, but they ought to be stout and hardy, and at least as good as those used by the enemy. I could have company commanders make the requisitions, but unless steps are taken immediately to have the supply at Saint Louis, Leavenworth, or some other point, and the requisitions honored there, it will be too late, and another season will be lost.

Submitting the above to your consideration, and urging an early reply, if it meets your approval, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT SMITH, ARK., February 9, 1865.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: At a meeting of the loyal citizens of this city and vicinity held this day, at this place, the following preamble and resolutions were passed with unanimity:

Whereas the loyal people of this city and vicinity are now, and have been for some time past, to a considerable degree destitute of the necessaries of life, from various causes, chief among which is the appropriation for the use of the army of corn, wheat, beef, &amp;c., and the want of protection against guerrillas and other lawless persons in carrying on farming operations; and

Whereas we conceive it to be not only the duty, but also the interest of Government to assist the truly loyal in retaining their foothold in the country, and thereby contributing largely to the restoration of obedience to the laws of the United States, and an early resumption of agriculture, trade, and commerce; and

Whereas Western Arkansas has always signalized herself conspicuously in her attachment to the Union by the rallying of thousands of her sons to the standard of liberty, and by the sacrifice of hundreds of others who fell victims to rebel tyranny and implacability, simply for adhering to the cause of the Government of their choice:

Be is resolved, That a memorial be forthwith addressed to the President of the United States, setting forth the claims of the loyal people in these parts for temporary and speedy succor in the days of their adversity, to wit, either to cause sufficient supplies to be brought to this place, so as to allow citizens to purchase from the commissary stores, without curtailing the rations of the troops, or to order supplies

