
to be shipped here on Government account, independent of the army, to be sold to the citizens under the superintendence of persons of known loyalty and integrity, and at a rate fully reimbursing Government for the amount laid out.

Resolved further, That a committee of three be appointed by the chair to prepare the memorial in accordance with the tenor of the above preamble and resolutions, and that it be submitted to the committee on resolutions and the president of the meeting, and signed by them and the secretary, on behalf of the meeting, and forwarded with all possible dispatch to its destination.

The undersigned, in behalf and by authority of the loyal citizens of this place, would earnestly and respectfully submit to your favorable consideration the subject set forth in the first resolution, and a speedy action thereon. There are about 2,000 persons in this place and vicinity who need assistance for three of four months, until a crop can be made; and as planting time will soon have arrived, and the navigation of the Arkansas River is unreliable except in spring, it is apparent that help, if extended to us at all, just come soon. Thousands are awaiting your decision with the greatest anxiety, and will have to leave and and abandon their all if not succored in time. Besides the necessaries of life, some seeds are also needed for planting purpose, say 1,000 bushels of corn and oats (to be used partially for feeding working stock); 75 bushels Hungarian grass seed; 100 barrels of Irish potatoes, button onions, &amp;c. These articles, if not donated to the farmers, would also be purchased readily, so that in no instance Government would be at the loss of the expenses incurred.

WM. H. BYERS,

President of Meeting.

JAMES EDMONDSON,

Secretary.

V. DELL,

Chairman.

ASA CLARK,

CHARLES MILOR,

JOHN HOLLOMAN,

H. POPE,

JOHN HOWARD,

JOHN LUCY,

Committee.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. FRONTIER DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Fort Smith, February 10, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded and approved.

JOHN M. THAYER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

I can freely indorse the within statements and recommend a favorable response to the same.

JOHN EDWARDS,

Brigadier-General.

[Third indorsement.]

I earnestly urge prompt action, in accordance with the pressing need of the suffering people of the State.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Governor of Arkansas.

