
FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 9, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

Following dispatch received from General Mitchell:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Omaha, February 9, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

The telegraph line from Lodge Pole Creek, twenty-five miles west of Julesburg, on Laramie route, is destroyed for fifteen miles. Poles cut down and destroyed on the Denver line beyond Julesburg. For the first fifty miles the telegraph is destroyed about ten miles. New poles are on the way from Cottonwood to repair the lines. We are compelled to haul poles from 130 to 145 miles. Every means in my power is used to have the line fixed. All the available troops I have at my disposal are in the vicinity of Julesburg, except small garrisons at posts required to be kept up on the Denver route. My district only extends to Julesburg. I have sent troops, howitzer, under the direction of Major-General Curtis, up that route fifty miles since the outbreak and find everything destroyed. The Overland stage has been running try-weekly as far as Julesburg; no farther. We have no communication with Denver, and have not had since the last outbreak. Neither can I communicate with Fort Laramie in consequence of the lines being down. I have been traversing the country constantly on and adjacent to the mail and telegraph lines during the past four months, sending guards of the stage, and when deemed necessary mounted guards and patrols on all dangerous portions of the road through my district. This plan succeeded until an overpowering force attacked Julesburg and drove the troops inside of their works, and burnt the stage and telegraph station, destroying a large amount of stores for both companies. The Overland stage cannot run through until they can provide supplies for stock from Julesburg to the Junction, where Overland stage leaves Denver route, everything belonging to stage company, citizens, and Government being entirely destroyed. The Indian village are unknown to us. From the best information I have I believe them to be on Powder River. I know certainly there is a large village there. There has been no squaws in the country to my knowledge since last fall. The tribes engaged are the Cheyennes, Arapahos, Kiowas, Brules and Ogalalla Sioux, a portion of the Blackfeet, and a large portion of what is known as the Missouri River Sioux, the same Indians General Sully made the campaign against last summer. Less than from 3,000 to 5,000 additional troops will be totally unable to punish the Indians. One column will never be able to overtaken them unless they are willing to give battle. I think three columns of men, 1,000 strong each, with ample garrisons on the Overland mail and telegraph lines, well mounted and supplied, can clean out the country of all hostile Indians if done before grass comes. After that time, in my judgment, it will take twice that number of men. In addition to the troubles west I would not be surprised and day to hear of an outbreak in the north part of my district. I am informed by Indiaere is a large encampment of Indians on the Running Water that are ready to engage in the war against the whites. Among them are some of the Yanktonnais. I am perfectly helpless so far as soldiers are concerned if such a demonstration should be made. I have one company of soldiers only to guard that whole country. They are stationed at Dakota City and Saint James. I have just completed the organization of a company of Pawnee Indians, by authority of the War Department. They are all ready for the field, except horses. Will your order horses purchased or will I have it done? They are on their way to Fort Kearny on foot.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,Brigadier-General.

I am pushing out supplies. You are aware what troops are at Randall and that vicinity that can be used in North Nebraska. Will the troops at Sioux City be under my orders?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 9, 1865.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The following dispatch just been received from Colonel Livingston:

FORT RANKIN, NEAR JULESBURG.

Major General G. M. DODGE:

In reply to your inquiries I would respectfully state as follows: In the early part of January last indications of large parties of Indians moving westward on Republican

