
[River] were reported by the scouts sent to gain information of their movements. On January 7 they had crossed South Fork of Platte River twenty-three miles west of this post; camped with their families, forming a camp of about, as near as learned, 400 lodges, containing eight warriors each, many lodges being thirty robes in size. They at once commenced the work of destruction along the road west as far as Junction Station, 100 miles from here, and attacked this post. A desperate fight there repulsed them. Their forces in this fight were not less than 2,000 men, armed with breach-loading carbines and rifles. A desperate attempt on their part to burn the Overland stage station near this post was made at this time, but was frustrated by the gallantry of Captain N. J. O'Brien, Company F, Seventh Iowa Cavalry. Every ranch and stage station from Junction Station to this place, including the station one mile east of this post, is burned, and the charred remains of every inmate who failed to escape tell of the brutality they were subjected to. I telegraphed Hon. Samuel H. Elbert, acting governor of Colorado, early in January of the state of things. The troops of Colorado have been withdrawn from Valley fifty miles west of here. I sunrise to concentrate around Denver. The telegraph line to Salt Lake and the Denver branch line are destroyed for a distance of nearly ten miles on the northern route, and in different points throughout 100 miles along the Denver road. I am hauling poles and repairing the Salt Lake line with all the expedition I can. I have secured 450 poles at Cottonwood, which I expect here Friday morning. They are marching night and day on this duty. Meantime my troops are digging holes for poles and repairing such portions of line as admit of that course. I have but 360 troops, but so long as human endurance holds out we will work night and day to get communication perfect with the west. My opinion is that the Indians engaged in this war are the Cheyennes, Ogalalla Sioux, and Brule Sioux. They have gone northward toward Horse Creek, beyond Fort Laramie. This trail leads in that direction, but they are slow in marching, feeling audacious and indifferent to every effort from the small body of troops in this district. I saw their signals to-day, probably those of small war parties, on the North Platte. Feel assured, general, that this is no trifling Indian war. You will hear of continued murders and robberies as long as the road is so poorly protected by troops. No stages run farther west than Cottonwood. I have prevailed on agents of the stage company to move their stations close to our forts for protection. General Mitchell, commanding district, pursued these same Indians last month, through fearfully cold and stormy weather, but they reached and crossed the Platte before we struck their trail and escaped us. My district extends only this war west, but I am working in Colorado and Western Sub-District of Nebraska. No spies can be used now, owing to numerous small war parties being met everywhere in this country. I predict that if more troops are not sent into this district immediately this road will be stripped of every ranch and white man on it, the military posts alone excepted. Should these Indians swing around by L'eau-qui-court River and strike the Omaha road below Kearny, where settlements are numerous, infinite mischief will result to the settlers. What we need is troops, supplies for them, and a vigorous camping against these hostile Indians. They must be put on the defensive instead of us. No difficulty can arise in finding them. Over 2,000 stolen cattle accompany them. I will keep the lines open for communication for Leavenworth for any further information.

Respectfully,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding Eastern Sub-District.

I have ordered one regiment to Julesburg. They will start on Monday.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 9, 1865.

(Received 1. 15 p. m.)

Major General JOHN POPE:

What decision did you come to as to headquarters Department of the Missouri.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

