
(acting under orders from the commanding officer District of South Kansas), and having passed out of the limits of this district, Lieutenant Wise deemed farther pursuit unnecessary. Upon investigation the following facts were ascertained: That Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Kendall commanding, acting under orders from the commanding officer of the District of Norther Kansas, pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, were ordered to Council Grove, Kans. (in the District of Upper Arkansas), to report to Major General James G. Blunt, commanding District of South Kansas; arrived there on the -- of January; left there on the 5th of February for Humboldt, Kans. On the night previous to their departure eight of the enlisted men fired upon the lieutenant, severely wounding him. He drew his revolver and drove them off. He was carried into the hotel. The men shortly after returned to complete their work, but were prevented by a few soldiers of Company D, Second Colorado Cavalry (stationed at that place for the protection of Government property stored there). Finding these men determined to protect this officer they withdrew, returning again, however, with more, declaring that they were going to kill him if they found him, and that they would search the town, burn the hotel, and threatening the lives of the citizens but that they would finish the job. It appears that the captain was cognizant of this, and even present at the time the lieutenant was shot, making no effort to control his men. I inclose Lieutenant Wise's report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of the colonel commanding district.)

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 22, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, commanding District of Nebraska, Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., with instructions to arrest and bring these parties before court-martial.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

D. G. SWAIM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY TROOPS, DIST. OF NEBRASKA, Fort Kearny, March 30, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Connor for his action on the arrival of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT RILEY, KANS., February 9, 1865.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance to instructions received from headquarters District of Upper Arkansas, I proceeded to Council Grove to ascertain the facts about the shooting of

