
[Inclosure F.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Napoleonville, La., February 1, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that upon the 31st ultimo Captain Sayles in command of forty men, went upon a scout for Whitaker's gang, pursuant to instructions from me. He went the most direct route to Grand Bayou and with all possible dispatch. He found upon arriving there that they had crossed about one hour previous. He had no instructions to cross Grand Bayou, and did not. He returned to this post and reported, and I immediately telegraphed you regarding the same. In consideration that the horses he had with him (they were the best at this post) had been upon a scout to Lake Verret, in the vicinity of Bayou Saint Vincent, the previous day, and had also been upon a scout to Lake Verret the previous night (not returning until between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning) and not very good even in the best shape, and that the gang he was pursuing were mounted upon good and fresh horses, many of them of the best stock the country affords, it was not thought that a further pursuit would lessen the distance between the two parties. When he left in the morning I was quite confident that he would intercept them at or near Grand Bayou in case they attempted to cross, and I accordingly gave him orders to proceed to the Bayou only, and I then believed that Whitaker would be found in the brule this side. I would further state that I feel as deeply mortified at the escape of these thieves as any one possibly can, and endeavored to do all that my instructions and position as commander of the post demanded with that which I had to do with. From the time this party made its appearance upon Bayou La Fourche, I have had small scouting parties out in every direction. I have been myself and have sent my best officers. On the 30th ultimo Captain Bicknell with a small force was sent in one direction and Captain Sayles in another. The evening of the same day I went myself to Lake Verret. Up to this time they (the gang) had not crossed the Canal road with I remained upon that road nearly all night, my men being at different places. When I was returning some of them said they saw one or two mounted men. They went for them and went into the woods and found nothing. I returned to camp, and early in the a. m. sent out Captain Sayles. He carried out the instructions given him, and of course is free from censure. My scouts and scouting parties have been sent out secretly. Had I gone with the captain to Grand Bayou I should have crossed and made further pursuit. My command has not been idle, although it has not accomplished that which was expected.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Post Napoleonville.

[Inclosure G.]

THIBODEAUX, LA., February 1, 1865.

Major GEORGE R. DAVIS,

Commanding, Napoleonville:

The general commanding directs me to say that you report of the scout toward Grand Bayou in pursuit of Whitaker's gang is very unsatisfactory. It is rather strange and much to be regretted that you should

