
V. The Department of the Gulf will embrace the states of Louisiana and Texas.

VI. Other military districts on the Gulf of Mexico will report direct to the commanding general oft he military division.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 10, 1865- 3. 15 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Kenner, La.:

Your report of the troops that have left your post has not yet been received. There is now transportation at Hickory Landing, on Lake Pontchartrain, for about 2,200 men, and the commanding general directs that such of the following- named regiments as have not already been sent, aor for which steamers are ready at Kenner, be sent to Mobile Bay, via the lake, viz: Twenty- third Iowa, Seventy- sixth Illinois, Twenty- ninth Illinois, Thirtieth Missouri, and One hundred and sixty- first New York. More sea transportation with capacity for 1,200 infantry will be sent in tow or three days.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KENNERVILLE, February 10, 1865.

(Received 6. 40 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The following regiments and batteries have left, viz: One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, Twenty- fourth Indiana, and Thirty- fourth Iowa, of General Andrews' brigade; Forty- seventh Indiana, Twenty- first Iowa, Twenty- ninth Wisconsin, and Ninety- ninth Illinois, of General Lawler's brigade; Eighth Illinois, Eleventh Illinois and Forty- sixth Illinois, of General Dennis' brigade, and the Fourth and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries. Transportation is required of the following- named regiments; Thirty- seventh Illinois, Twentieth Iowa, and Ninety- sixth Ohio, of colonel Black's brigade; Twenty- ninth Illinois, Thirtieth Missouri, and One hundred and sixty- first New York, of the Third Brigade, First Division, Colonel L. Kent commanding, and Twenty- third Iowa, Twenty- eighth Illinois, and Seventy- sixth Illinois, unassigned. The First Indiana and Seventeenth Ohio Batteries are awaiting orders int he city. The Second Connecticut and part of the Second Massachusetts are at Greenville. The Twenty- First New York and one section of the Second Massachusetts are at Morganza, under orders for Greenville. The Twenty- sixth new York and Fifteenth Massachusetts are here.

Very respectfully,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT I

