HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Kenner, La., February 10, 1865.

Colonel LOREN KENT,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you hold your command in readiness to move to- morrow morning at daylight to Hocus Landing, on Lake Pontchartrain, where you will find vessels to carry you to Mobile point, Ala. You will go by rail to the Shell road, and march thence to the lake. Major McEntee, chief quartermaster, has gone to the city to make the necessary arrangements for railroad transportation. The Twenty- third Iowa will accompany you, and if there should be sufficient water transportation the Seventy- sixth Illinois will go also. Your wagons will be sent by the River road without any load, and should be got off as early as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, February 10, 1865.

(Received 8. 30 a. m.)

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am en route with four regiments from Vicksburg. From all I can learn I would prefer to camp at Carrollton instead of Kennerville. I will expect your orders by the time the Pierce arrives at Baton Ruge, Plaquemine, or Kennerville. On board is the Forty- eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, over 700 strong.

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 6. New Orleans, February 10, 1865.

The general commanding tenders his thanks to Captain W. I. Allen, Thirty- First Massachusetts Volunteers, and the battalion of mounted infantry under his command, for their uniform good conduct since occupying their present position, and particularly for the unusual success which has thus far attended their operations in capturing the noted guerrilla leader and desperado, King, and at various times large numbers of guerrilla bands infesting that region, thus promoting security and good order upon that frontier, with the excitement of a good judgment that led to no unnecessary bloodshed.

By command of Brigadier- General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, February 10, 1865.

Colonel J. G. CLARK,

Commanding Post, Thibodeaux:

The general commanding directs that you send Lieutenant Pomponeau, First Louisiana Cavalry, with twenty- five men of his company mounted, armed, and equipped, with three days' rations in haversacks

