
and as much forage as necessary, to make a reconnaissance in the Brule Saint Vincent country, for the purpose of surprising and capturing any rebel recruiting parties that may be in that section of country, and to gain any information of contemplated raids. Lieutenant Pomponeau will be authorized to bring in with him any recruits who may desire to join the U. S. service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, February 10, 1865.

(Via Donaldsonville.)

Colonel SAYLES,

Bayou Gula:

Send Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry back to Bonnet Carre. Send two companies Third Rhode Island Cavalry to Plaquemine via the road, and the other three to Hermitage plantation, with a field officer. The Iberville can take the Eightieth to Bonnet Carre and return for the three companies for Hermitage, after which she will take on board the companies of the Thirty- First Massachusetts at the Hermitage and bring them to Carrollton. Give these orders to the captain of the Iberville. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

BAYOU GOULA, February 10, 1865.

Received 6 p. m.)

Captain F. SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Am sending out scouting parties in different directions. I have sent two companies of cavalry and one of infantry toward Grand Bayou this morning, having heard that there was a party of rebels in that direction. Our pickets arrested a soldier in the Second Louisiana Cavalry last night attempting to steal in town. He was armed with bowie knife and revolver.

Respectfully,

W. SAYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., February 10, 1865.

Colonel C. L. HARRIS,

Commanding post, Brashear;

The general commanding directs that you immediately send the Cornie with 100 men, armed and equipped, with three days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition, to Lake Verret. You will also send on the Cornie, if possible, a howitzer with a party to man it. The Cornie will proceed via Flat Lake, Bayou Long, down Bayou Magaselle into Lake Verret, and lay off the saw- mill and the shell bank for the purpose of watching the movements and capturing, if possible, a force of the

