
enemy said to be now infesting the Brule Texas region, but which will be driven ut, and it is expected will retreat that way. he Cornie will remain at the point indicated fifteen or twenty hours and then return. In order to make the movement a success great celerity is required.

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., February 10, 1865.

OFFICER Commanding RECONNAISSANCE TOWARD TAKE VERRET:

You will at once proceed with Company-, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, and Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, to the Shell Bank, on Lake Verret, near Bayou Blue, for the purpose of intercepting and capturing, if possible, a force of the enemy said to be somewhere in that vicinity. On arriving at that place, if you can learn nothing of their whereabouts you will at once proceed to Napoleonville, via Texas Brule and te road running along the canal, and report to the commanding officer at Napoleonville. Should you find the enemy you will pursue them as far as Lake Verret or Grand River. Great care will be taken not to fire into a party from the Third Rode Island Cavalry which has been started out from Napoleonville in pursuit of the same force of the enemy. You will take three days' rations, forty rounds o ammunition, and such forage as you can carry. The commanding officer will be held responsible that no plundering is allowed. By command of Brigadier- General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 42. New Orleans, February 10, 1865.

I. In obedience to orders from headquarters Miliary Division of West Mississippi, the battalion of the Thirty- First Massachusetts Mounted Infantry will immediately concentrate at Carrolton and report to Brigadier-General Lucas.

II. Colonel Sayles will detach two companies of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, now at Bayou Gula, to take post at Plaquemine and relieve the detachment of the Thirty- First Massachusetts now there. The remaining three companies of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry at Bayou Goula will, under a field officer of the regiment, take post at Hermitage plantation and relieve the Thirty- First Massachusetts Mounted Infantry. Captain Allen, or the office there in command, will turn over to said field officer all instructions and orders and all the information in his possession in regard to the country.

III. Major Shaw will detach a platoon of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry to relieve the company of the Thirty- First Massachusetts opposite Plaquemine.

IV. The battalion of the Eightieth Colored Infantry now at Bayou Goula will immediately return to its station.

V. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation to carry this order into immediate effect.

By command of Brigadier- General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.

