
Fourth and Fifth Illinois Cavalry on steamers Laurel Hill and Autocrat, and desire that the greatest expedition be used in returning them, as I cannot move until they reach me. The command have, in the fourteen days of their absence, passed through Oak Ridge, Monroe, Bastrop, Hamburg, Collins', and Shanghai; have failed to provoke a skirmish even from the enemy. They have captured 45 prisoners, 20 deserters, 1 steamer the Barkman, which I burned after crossing my troops with it), 6 ferry- boats on Bayou Bartholomew, and about 300 horses and mules, many of them the very best. They have marched 300 miles, and made 4 ferries; have built two miles and a half of bridges, and this with a total loss of 1 man accidentally wounded, 1 man leg broken, 30 men sick, and 30 horses and mules disabled and abandoned. To describe the roads, the poverty of the people, or the sufferings of my command during this terrible march would be impossible. I think twenty negroes died in one day from exposure, and it is not exaggeration to say that at one time one- half of a regiment might be seen dismounted, struggling with their horses, every one of wich was mired and down. No squad of men, much less an army, can live anywhere we have been. The people have neither seed, corn, nor bread, or the mills to grind the corn in if they had it, as I burned them whenever found. Practically, the line now and hereafter of the Confederates is the Ouachita. Colonel McNeill's force of 800 men, at Oak Ridge, dwindled from that number to fifty, who scattered at our approach promiscuously through the woods, McNeill being last heard rom in an impassable swamp with four men and a nigger. The nigger deserted, as did probably the others. I have taken from these people the mules with which they would raise a crop the coming year, and burned every surplus grain of corn, and cannot imagine that one company of cavalry can obtain subsistence for more than thirty days in the whole country. On the receipt of brigade commander's reports I will immediately furnish you a more full and satisfactory report. *

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, COMMANDING Expedition.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 10, 1865.

(Received 5. 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Headquarters Army, Washington, D. C.:

Following dispatch just received from General Dodge:

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 100, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Will have telegraph open to Denver and Salt Lake by Sunday. Am ready to protect Overland mail through.

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General.

JOHN POPE,

Major- General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 68.

---------------

