
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 10, 1865- 2. 24 p. m.

Major- General DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans:

The Secretary of War authorizes you to raise two companies of Indian guides, to be mustered into service in usual form, for one year, or until sooner discharged. You will provisionally appoint the officers as soon as companies are raised, and send to the Adjutant-General a list of names of offices so appointed, for commission by the President. Those you require to be mounted will be supplied with Indian ponies by the quartermaster's department.

H. W . HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., February 10, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo:

GENERAL: I deem it inexpedient to make the proposed exchange of the Second Missouri Cavalry for the FIRST and Seventh Regiments as suggested in your indorsement of the 20th ultimo.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major- General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 10, 1865.

Major J. W . BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall have to remain here several days. If there are any papers that need my attention send them through by special messenger; any dispatches forward them by telegraph.

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 41. Fort Leavenworth, February 10, 1865.

* * * * * *

VI. The commanding officers at Fort Riley and Fort Kearny will halt all trains going west at those points and organize the persons accompanying them into companies for the protection of the train. A competent person will be selected as captain and placed in charge of the t rain and organization.

VII. All persons accompanying the train must be armed, and as soon as teams enough are concentrated to organize a company of 100 or more armed men they will be sent forward in charge of the captain appointed, who will be held responsible for holding the organization and train together for its security, &c., Under no circumstances will teams be allowed to straggle along the road, or go forward except under a thorough organization as above prescribed. The office in charge of the train will endeavor to camp as near military posts as possible, and any insubordination on the part of any person accompanying the train, refusal to obey orders, &c., will be reported att eh first military post, the commanding officer of which will immediately cause the arrest and punishment oft he parties.

