
VIII. All Government trains passing Forts Kearny and Riley will be strongly guarded, and citizen trains will be allowed to accompany them. In such cases the commanding officer oft he escort will be placed in charge of the entire train. The commanding officers of all posts are commanded to give all aid in their power to trains crossing the plains and to see that this order is complied with.

IX. Government trains and troops will obtain forage from the depots to Forts Kearny and Riley from citizens on the route, in all cases giving their proper receipts to the citizens and making the proper returns to the depot quartermaster, that no delay or trouble may ensue in issuing the proper vouchers.

X. At all times the Overland mail will be so protected as to insure its safety, escorts running from one military post to another. Breaks in the telegraph line must be immediately reported and repaired. Sudden dashes of Indians is no cause for stopping or turning back of mails, as the moment the Indians are driven off they can be pushed through. The mail stations through the country where Indian difficulties exist should be placed within protecting distance of military posts.

XI. Trains returning will be organized, as above prescribed, at some post near Denver to be selected by Colonel Moonlight, commanding district of Colorado.

By order of Major- General Dodge;

JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 10, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the district at this time very quiet and harmonious. The counties of Jackson and La Fayette are the only localities troubled with bushwhackers. My efforts against the enemy have been mainly directed to these counties. My available force has been actively employed there for the last fifteen days and these efforts have been quite successful. Several bushwhackers have been killed, horses captured, and bands hotly chased, giving them no rest or security. The great trouble heretofore in pursuing these parties has been their facilities for crossing the Missouri River on the ice at any point. The breaking up oft he ice will very materially interfere with their plans and make their points of escapement rather snares for entrapping them. The available cavalry of this post are now operating in La Fayette and I am hopeful of either destroying or expelling the few bushmen of that county during this month. The sending beyond our lines families and friends of these outlaws will greatly advance the success of our efforts. I shall make recommendations for their deportation as fast as I can collect evidence justifying such action. My force is growing weaker every week in consequence of the mustering out of the Missouri State Militia. I am therefore going about the organization of the volunteer militia companies authorized by Governor Fletcher with all possible energy. I hope in a very short time to have them ready for service. In addition thereto I am preparing local organizations in counties not included in General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters State of Missouri. The construction of block- houses and

