
stockades is progressing well and will probably all be completed by the time our militia and local forces are organized, so that they can be defended and guarded. I hope to be able to forward by my next report the rolls of the disloyal citizens of the district, classified, the accomplishment of which is no small task. The troubles at Booneville with discharged soldiers and citizens have calmed down and the city is tranquil. The manifestation of a resolution on the part oft e military authorities to put down predatory bands of thieves has greatly relieved the people and these outrages are growing less frequent than they were fifteen days ago. Circular of January 19, 1865, from your headquarters, was will timed and will have a most salutary effect. I have laid a special injunction on commanding officers to enforce it. The important intimate military relations existing between this and the Southwest District have induced correspondence between General Sanborn and myself, and it affords me great pleasure to mention the cordiality of feeling and concurrence of sentiment and views between us. It is his opinion that the military telegraph line, at one period of the war running direct from this district to Springfield, should be at once rebuilt. With this I fully concur. The great delay in communicating between here and Springfield, via Saint Louis, has often been attended with most serious consequences. Especially was this the case in the fall of 1863, when Shelby made so bold a raid through the Southwestern and Central Districts. The habitual passing from that to this district of guerrillas and raiding parties renders the speediest transmission of information of the utmost importance. This matter is most earnestly recommended to the consideration of the major- general commanding. I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, February 10, 1865.

Captain MEREDITH,

Commanding, Lexington, Mo:

I start scut from here this evening to appear to - morrow morning in the vicinity of Sni Hills and to scout La Fayette County for five days. You will co- operate with this scout with all your available force. Look well to Greenton Valley and vicinity of Wellington.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, February 10, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City:

I start scut from here at 5 p. m. to- day to appear to- morrow morning in vicinity of Sni Hills to scut La Fayette County five days. Co- operate with this scout as far as possible.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

