
allow this gang of thieves to come almost within sight of your camp, steal quite a number of horses and mules from the plantations above and below you, and then allow them to escape with their plunder, your force following them only to Grand Bayou. They should have been pursued to Grand River, where, if closely followed, they would have been compelled to abandon their stolen stock. You will forward a report of your last day's proceedings.

By command of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure H.]

FEBRUARY 2, 1865

Major DAVIS,

Napoleonville:

The general commanding desires a written report from Captain Sayles of his expedition toward Grand Bayou in pursuit of the guerrillas, together with a copy of all orders and instructions given him in reference to said expedition.

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure I.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La. February 4, 1865.

Major DAVIS,

Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Post Napoleonville:

Captain Sayles' report of his scout to Grand Bayou came to hand direct without indorsement from you. It would be sent back, calling attention to paragraph 451, Revised Army Regulations, were it not that too much time has been already taken up and the reports required from the general commanding the district too long delayed in waiting for this report. From this report it would seem that you allowed Captain Sayles to start out on this important scout without any written instructions, and verbally ordering him no farther than Grand Bayou. He should have had written instructions, and should have been ordered to proceed as far as Grand River, where he would, without doubt have retaken all the stock and stolen property, and a portion, if not all, of the force he was pursuing as it would have been impossible for them to have succeeded in crossing Grand River in time to avoid capture, having only about an hour the advantage of the pursuing party at Grand Bayou. He should also have had orders to take a sufficient supply of rations and ammunition to have enabled him to make the expedition. Grand River is considered our line, and if the force stationed at Napoleonville fail in clearing the country in the vicinity of that place, lying between Bayou La Fourche and Grand River, of these roving bands of guerrillas, they fail in the object for which they are stationed at that point. The peace and quiet of the people, the protection of their lives and property, and the safety of the levees depend very much upon the vigilance and watchfulness of the commander and force stationed at Napoleonville.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

6 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

