HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 10, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Commanding Fourth Sub- District, Kansas City, Mo. ;

COLONEL: The protection of the line of travel and mail between here and Independence seems to be a necessity to some extent. The superintendent of the mail line (Roberts, of Independence), in answer to an inquiry as to how many troops were necessary to protect his coaches, answered that they should extend from Holden to Big Blue, about fifteen men to each party, and it would take from six to seven parties. There should also be a company stationed near Lee's, half way between here, Independence, and Pleasant Hill; also fifteen men at Big Blue Ferry. From which it will be seen that he requires 173 men, 100 of which must be cavalry. This is modest. Now, I am anxious to protect this line, but I cannot do it at the sacrifice of every other interest of the district. I have sent you all the cavalry I can possibly spare, and you will so dispose of the cavalry and infantry at your command as to give the largest possible protection to this interest between Pleasant Hill and Independence, and have him call at you headquarters and arrange this matter as satisfactorily as possible. If an escort between Holden and Pleasant Hill be necessary, I will try to provide for it in this subdistrict. my own opinion is that it would be exceedingly hazardous to undertake to guard the stage. The escort would be bushwhacked and heavy squads would concentrate on the escort and destroy it. The most effectual way to protect the line would be to keep it scouted, troops continually passing along it, and the worst places watched.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.

CASSVILLE, MO., February 10, 1865.

Brigadier- General SANBORN:

I have been at Camp Walker and Spavianw. There are not more than ten or twelve rebels in any squad in the southwest that I can hear of. If you want me to go to Neosho and west of there, notify me here. It was cold; I returned back.

J. B. HICKOCK.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 10, 1865.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Fort Scott:

Order Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, now en route from Council Grove to Humboldt, to proceed without delay to Fort Kearny, via Fort Riley. You will communicate this order to the commanding office of the company by the quickest possible means, and report to these headquarters when the company will start for Fort Kearny.

By order of Major- General Dodge:

JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

