
PINE BLUFF, ARK., February 11, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Seventh Army Corp., Little Rock:

The One hundred and twenty- sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry and all of the First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, with the exception of four squadrons, have left this post for their respective destinations.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 11, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo:

In connection with your telegrams of the 8th and 9th instant, relative to recruiting for the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Cavalry, I am directed to refer you to the letter* of June 10, 1864, to General Rosecrans, under which the regiments should have been organized. That letter did not authorize continuous recruitment from the Missouri State Militia, but contemplated that upon its receipt the entire number of men willing to re- enlist should be ascertained, and they immediately there- after discharge and re- enlisted; all further r e- enlistments then to cease. At this date no further re- enlistments from the Missouri State Militia for the two regiments in question can be authorized, but this will be authority for the superintendent of recruiting service to receive recruits from civil life and thus complete the organizations. Recruits must enlist under existing regulations for one, two, or three years, as they may elect, and for general service wherever required. Please acknowledge this. Let me know present strength of the regiments, respectively, and at what date they will be completed under the conditions herein.

By command:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, February 11, 1865- 11 a. m.

Major-General POPE:

Following dispatch received:

FORT RANKIN.

Major- General DODGE:

My scouts from west report that Lieutenant Colonel Collins, with 200 men Eleventh Ohio and Company D, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, fought Indians from 4th to 9th instant at Mud Springs. Indians at one time charged our forces in face of artillery, and were very nearly successful; 2. 000 warriors engaged in fight. our loss 2 killed and 11 wounded; supposed 40 Indians were killed. Beauvais' and Creighton's herds driven off. Indians crossed at Rush Creek, going north.

Following from Captain Wilcox, Seventh Iowa, is received from pole Creek Crossing:

"Telegraph poles all gone for fifteen miles, and one- third wire either gone or so inextricably tangled as to be useless. Seven hundred lodges crossed Pole Creek six miles below Pole Creek Crossing. I go on to repair lines and open circuit. Harris killed and Sergeant Clark, Company D, Seventh Iowa, wounded in Mud Creek battle. I have directed that poles be cut in two and split, so as to continue repairs and replace missing poles. "

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 294.

---------------

