SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 42. Fort Leavenworth, February 11, 1865.

1. Lieutenant Robinson, engineer corps, is placed in charge of forts and redoubts building in former Department of Kansas. He will make his reports to the chief engineer of department at Saint Louis. Commanding officers of posts and quartermasters will furnish derails and transportation required to complete the works.

2. Captain Reyben A. Hill, Company K, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Loyn, Colo. Ter., and will report with his command without delay to the commanding officer Fort union, N. Mex.

* * * * * *

4. The commanding officer at Fort Riley will station an officer at Council Grove, to organize trains passing on old Santa Fe road, as prescribed in Special Orders, Numbers 41, from these headquarters.

* * * * *

9. The Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, with the detachment of the Fifteenth Kansas in charge of howitzers, will proceed on Monday en route to Julesburg and report to Colonel Livingston, commanding at that point On their arrival at Fort Kearny they will report by telegraph to Brigadier-General Mitchell, at Omaha, under whose orders they will be on arrival there; but no delay will be made at that point. Commanding officer oft he Sixteenth will be in charge of pack- mile train and wagon train, the wagon train to take forty days' rations for the use of his command. On arrival at Julesburg the wagon train will be returned to this depot. Between Forts Leavenworth and Kearny the command will procure forage from citizens on the route, proper receipts given, and report made to depot quartermaster. The regiment will press forward as fast as possible, at the same time having in view the good condition of the animals. The pack mule train will be turned over as Colonel Livingston or General Mitchell may direct after arriving at its destination. A copy of telegram is attached designating the road upon which forage may be procured.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OFT HE MISSOURI, Numbers 42. Saint Louis, Mo., February 11, 1865.

* * * * *

10. Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported upon expiration of leave of absence, will report for assignment to duty to rig. General C. B. Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, at Macon, Mo.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

General G. M . DODGE:

I would take military road to Lancaster, thence to Hiawatha; thence up Big Nemaha, say twenty- five miles; thence over to head of Little

52 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT I

