
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Thomas W. Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY H, THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,

Napoleonville, La., February 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor t make the following report to my scout to Grand Bayou o the 31st of January, 1865:

I left this place on the morning of the 31st of January, in command of about forty men, pursuant to instructions from Major Davis, to capture a party of guerrillas that are supposed to be in the brule, this side of Grand Bayou. I took the most direct way to Grand Bayou to cut them off in case they attempted to cross. I went upon the gallop until within about one mile and a half of Grand Bayou, when it became so muddy that I could not possibly go faster than a walk, and even at that pace some of the horses got stuck in the mud and had not the strength to get out, and consequently had to be left behind. Upon arriving at the Bayou I heard they had crossed three-quarters of an hour before, and were making off as fast as possible. Having no instructions to cross Grand Bayou, and knowing they had so much start at that place, and that it would take some time for me to cross (the only means by swimming), I scouted around in the vicinity; found a mule that they had left behind (which has since been returned to Doctor Ford, from whom it was taken), and then returned through the brule to see if any were still lurking behind. I came to camp and reported to Major Davis.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

THOMAS W. SAYLES.

Captain Company H, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

My orders were verbal, communicated to me by Major Davis in person, and are as follows: To take what men I wanted and be sure and get the best horses; proceed to Grand Bayou with all possible dispatch and make an effort to capture some guerrillas, which he thought would be found lurking in the brule this side of the Bayou; intercept them at Grand Bayou if they attempted to cross.

Respectfully,

THOMAS W. SAYLES,

Captain, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John H. Alexander, First Louisiana Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY K, FIRST LOUISIANA CAVALRY, Thibodeaux, La., February 1, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following as a report of the movements of my command while out in search of guerrillas.

On Sunday night I proceeded to Labadieville, where I was informed the rebels had gone to Lake Verret and would be found near Bayou Planton. I then marched to within one mile of the lake, and halted until daylight. I then moved down to the lake. When within a short distance of the Shell Bank we were discovered by their picket and

