HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., February 11, 1865- 8. 30 p. m.

Major C. S. Charlot,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of telegram from commanding office at Fort Riley ordering the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry to Fort Kearny. I have relieved that portion of the regiment on duty at this post (864 men) and ordered Colonel Plumb to proceed to FORT Kearny in compliance with that order. Two companies are on duty at Fort Larned. The regiment is greatly in need of horses, and as I have no other cavalry here and no mules, it is impossible for me to mount the regiment as directed by the general's telegram. Taking this regiment out of the district, together with the Third Wisconsin Cavalry and Ninth Wisconsin Battery, ordered out some time since, leaves the district with less than 600 men for duty, and but poorly mounted. The two companies at Fort Larned I have not relieved yet. Owing to the distance from here it would be impossible to get them here in time to accompany the regiment on the march to Fort Kearny. They are notified to be ready to start, but if they are taken away it will be impossible for me to keep communication open between the States and New Mexico. I send Lieutenant Tappan to FORT Leavenworth to consult with the general commanding and inform him of the condition of the troops of this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., February 12, 1865.

Major- General CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: You will perceive from general orders just issued that the Department of Mississippi is limited to that part of the State on the River; that the Department of the Gulf is limited to Louisiana and Texas; that Missouri is placed in General Pope's military division; Tennessee, and such parts of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi as may be occupied by General Thomas' command. The posts of Memphis, Columbus, &amp;c., will, however, still obey such orders for movements as you may issue for the movement of troops in the defense of the Mississippi River. The posts in West Florida, South Alabama, and South Mississippi will report direct to you, as you requested. General Grant thinks that if you do not take the field yourself, A. J. Smith or Steele should be assigned to the command of the expedition. Granger might be given the general command of the Gulf posts east of New Orleans. I rather think A. J. Smith is the best man for active operations in the field. Active and energetic staff officers will be required to organize and supply the army of operation. General Thomas will remount his cavalry and organize his army for a southern movement as early as the season will permit. General Grierson has been selected by General Grant to command the cavalry of your expedition. He has orders to report to you for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

