HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 12, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that Brigadier Gens. George L. Andrews and C. C. Andrews may be appointed major- generals of volunteers. The services, character, and qualifications of these officers, have impressed me so favorably that I make this recommendation in the hope that by their promotion I may be able to assign them to more important commands than they are entitled to by their present rank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 70. ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE Washington, February 12, 1865.

1. By direction of the President, Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, U. S . Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank in the Military Division of West Mississippi. He will proceed without delay to New Orleans, La., and report in person to Major- General Canby, commanding, for assignment to the command of the cavalry in the Military Division of West Mississippi organized for operations in the field.

2. Major General A. McD. McCook, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, for assignment to the command of the District of Helena, Ark., to relieve Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers, General Buford upon being relieved will at once repair to Rock Island, Ill., and report by letter to the Adjutant-General oft he Army for orders.

* * * * *

By command of lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 43. New Orleans, La., February 12, 1865.

1. The following named regiments are hereby relieved from duty in the city of New Orleans and will be sent to Dauphin Island, Ala., to report on arrival to Major General Gordon Granger, U. S . Volunteers, viz: Seventh Vermont Infantry, Seventy- seventh Illinois Infantry, Ninety- First Illinois Infantry. The commanding general Department of the Gulf will issue the necessary orders.

2. The troops composing the District of West Florida and South Alabama, and the additional forces now being collected within the limits of that command, are hereby designated for service in the field and will, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 7, series of 1864, from these headquarters, "report direct to the major- general commanding the division in all that relates to their organization, discipline, equipment, and movements. These reports will be in addition to the customary reports to the headquarters of the command from which these troops are or may be drawn, which will be continued while they are serving within the limits of those commands. "

