
3. The following organization of the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi is hereby announced:

First Division: First Brigade- Forty- seventh Indiana Infantry, Twenty- ninth Wisconsin Infantry, Twenty- First Iowa Infantry, Ninety- ninth Illinois Infantry; Second Brigade- Eighth Illinois Infantry, Fort- sixth Illinois Infantry, Eleventh Illinois Infantry; Third Brigade- Twenty- ninth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and sixty- First New York Infantry, Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, Twenty- third Wisconsin Infantry; light artillery- Fourth Massachusetts Battery, Seventh Massachusetts Battery.

Second Division: First Brigade- Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, Nineteenth Iowas Infantry, Ninety- fourth Illinois Infantry, Twenty- third Iowa Infantry, Sixtieth Indiana Infantry; Second Brigade- Ninety- seventh Illinois Infantry, Twenty- fourth Indiana Infantry, Sixty- ninth Indiana Infantry, Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry; Third Brigade- One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry, Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Thirty- fourth Iowa Infantry, Eighty- third Ohio Infantry, Thirty- seventh Illinois Infantry; light artillery- Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, Second Connecticut Battery.

Third Division: FIRST Brigade- Twenty- eighth Illinois Infantry, Thirty- fifth Wisconsin Infantry, Ninety- sixth Ohio Infantry, Seventy- seventh Illinois Infantry; Second Brigade- Seventh Vermont Infantry, Twenty ninth Iowa Infantry, Ninety- first Illinois Infantry, Fiftieth Indiana Infantry; Third Brigade- Thirty- third Iowa Infantry, Twenty- eighth Wisconsin Infantry, Twenty- seventh Wisconsin Infantry, Seventy- seventh Ohio Infantry; light artillery- Twenty- First New York Battery, Twenty- sixth New York Battery.

4. Lieutenant Colonel L. H. Whittlesey, Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as assistant provost- marshal- general of the division, and will report, to Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, for assignment to duty as assistant inspector- general of the forces under his command.

5. Captain Henry M. Lazelle, Eighth U. S . Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant inspector- general of U. S. forces at Kenner, La., and is appointed assistant provost- marshal- general of this division. He will report accordingly to the provost- marshal- general without delay.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KENNERVILLE, LA., February 12, 1865.

(Received 8. 20 p. .)

Major General F. STEELE, or

Colonel CHRISTENSEN:

The Belvidere and Peabody will take the Twenty- ninth Illinois, Thirty- seventh Illinois, and Twentieth Iowa, together with the remaining six companies oft he Seventy- sixth Illinois and the transportation of Lawler's brigade, which the Nathaniel P. Banks could not carry. This will leave at this post the Fifteenth Massachusetts and Twenty- sixth New York Batteries and the Ninety- sixth Ohio Infantry.

J. F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAGE

