SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 46. New Orleans, La., February 12, 1865.

So much of paragraph 1 of Special Orders, Numbers 44, current series, from these headquarters as directed the Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers to take post at Camp Parapet is hereby revoked. Colonel Holbrook will hold his regiment in readiness to immediately take the field. The Sixth Minnesota Volunteers will retain their present quarters until the Seventh Vermont moves. They will, however, relieve their guards to- morrow at guard mounting.

By command of Brigadier- General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Post Napoleonville, February 12, 1865.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following statement: The roads about this place are mostly plantation roads running out from Bayou La Fourche at right angles. There is one main road on all plantations running back to their sugar house and cabins. All the roads are connected by another that passes in rear of the plantations. Then there are a great many cross- roads. This map is too contracted to represent anything except the general lay oft he land and general position. They Bayou Saint Vincent road, as represented upon this map, is incorrect. This road, instead of leading direct to Lake Verret, as represented upon the map, leads direct to lake Verret, as represented upon the map, leads directly to Grand Bayou (near the mouth). The road follows the bayou until within about two miles of Grand Bayou, when it strikes off at right angles direct to the lake. The road leading from Bayou Saint Vincent to the lower fork of the Doctor Ford road passes through the plantations of Whiteman, Pugh, Colonel Pugh, and others. This is not the only road. It is not necessary for cavalry to pass upon any oft he main roads; they can pass from plantation to plantation in the rear or through the center. In the woods and swamps cavalry can pass in many places upon the oak ridges on the bank of the bayous. Almost all small bayous have a ridge on one side or the other. Above Paincourtville there are two roads represented upon the map leading direct to Grand Bayou. It is easy, however, to pass in a dozen places between these tow points through plantations back to Brule Olivia, situated between these two roads, and then to pass to either of the main roads. A column of cavalry can pass fro Grand Bayou at Doctor Ford's to Labadieville, four or five miles in rear of Napoleonville. It is easy to ford Bayou Saint Vincent or the canal. I have marked out a few roads upon the map pursuant to orders. The cavalry at this post has passed upon all of them. Mounted men can, with a guide and very little trouble, pass, if it is necessary, in almost any direction excepting in the deep swamps, which are at present quite full of water.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. R. DAVIS,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding post.

