
the blowing of the long whistle all the boats will swing from shore into the stream and proceed in the order required, keeping within signal distance of each other.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel L. F. Hubbard, commanding Second Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Heath, commanding Third Brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, February 12, 1865- 10. 35 a. m.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

Colonel Risdon, commanding at Saint Charles, reports a rebel force of about 400 cavalry near Red post, north of the Arkansas River. The force is probably less than this number. Keep advised of their movement if possible. General McGinnis will be advised.

By command of Major- General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, February 12, 1865.

Major LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The country between the Arkansas River and White River is infested by small bands, mostly guerrillas. If they were all consolidated they would not amount to 200 men. I am laying down my pontoon bridge, and when completed I thought of scouring the country between Bayou Meto and the Arkansas, their principal rendezvous. if a preconcerted movement could be made from Brownsville, Saint Charles, and the mouth of White River at the same time I think they could be entirely broken up. In case a movement of this kind should be made, the cavalry from this post should scout between Bayou Meto and the River north of this post and to the mouth of Bayou Meto. The cavalry from Brownsville should at the same time scour the country between Bayou Meto and Wabbaseca Bayou. The cavalry from Saint Charles could cross the prairie in the night and scout up and down the north side of Bayou Meto, to intercept the enemy in case they should attempt an escape by swimming that bayou. The cavalry from the mouth of the River could scout up the north side of the Arkansas by Arkansas Post to the mouth of Bayou Meto, and up the same. I think it very necessary that these bands should be destroyed. The country is very favorable for their operations, and if they are allowed to accumulate in numbers they will very probably give us much announce.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

