
FORT RANKIN, February 12, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

Following just received fro you. * Can I do anything for you! I have 250 troops on Laramie line and 150 at this post.

R. R. LIVINGSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 12, 1865.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding at Fort Summer, N. Mex:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find Special Order, Numbers 477, series of 1864,+ from the headquarters of the Army, ordering you to report in person without delay to the commanding general Army of the Cumberland for assignment to duty. I regret very deeply on my own account, and on account of the public service in this department, that you have been ordered away. From the delicate state of your health when I saw you early in January last it may be possible that until the weather moderates you will not be able to travel. In this case please let me know what you desire to do. I f you are able to go you can at once make your arrangements and proceed to Fort union or come to Santa Fe. You cannot, of course, leave until the court is over for the trial of Captain Morton, which will not, it is presumed, last over a day or two after you receive their letter. I feel very sorry to have you go, general, and I shall always remember you and the efficient and zealous service you have rendered here with pleasure and gratitude.

Very sincerely, your friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 13, 1865.

(Received March 7.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: A copy of your letter to the Secretary of War pointing out the prejudice to the service which will necessarily follow the opening of trade with the States in rebellion has been submitted to me. You will perceive that paragraph IV of executive orders of September 24, 1864, leaves a wide discretion to military commands in the matter of trade with these States. Entertaining the same views expressed in your letter, I have put a stop to supplies going out through Norfolk, Va., to Lee's army. In this I have been sustained by the President and the Secretary of War, eliciting from the latter the inclosed telegraphic dispatch. + Under this authority I authorize you to restrict trade and the bringing out of Suthern products within the limits of your command as you think will best secure the interests of the public service. I have always believed that entire non- intercourse with " people in rebellion" would prove the most speedy way to bring about a permanent peace. This view has been expressed by me officially over and over again. I know that people who do not serve with armies in the field naturally think the more trade we have the better able we will be to support

---------------

*Embodied in Dodge to Livingston, 11th, p. 821.

+See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 443.

++ Not found as an inclosure, but see Stanton to Grant, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 445.

---------------

