
before we could reach them they embarked in a sail fishing boat, staying long enough to fire a volley at our advance guard (wounding Sergeant Pelletier and one horse). Bayou Planton being between us, pursuit was not practicable. When they left the Shell Bank they made for the upper end of the lake. After searching for their boats on the edge of the lake, and satisfying myself that none were left, I came back to the Brule Labadie and went to the Lake or Bayou Coopee Caries, but found nothing but signs of where they had been the night before. I then came back nearer Labadieville and halted until yesterday morning, when I again started for the lake, crossing the direct road. When near Foley's plantation I was informed they were immediately in front of us on Bayou Blue. When we got in rear of the plantation we could not trace them any place, but found where they were preparing a landing place at the mouth of Bayou Blue. Being unable to find where they had gone, and not being supplied with rations sufficient to justify another day's delay, I returned crossing the roads leading to the points I had previously visited. I am satisfied that they have not yet taken the horses away, and do not think they can if the Canal road to the lake is guarded. I would have gone to the lake by that route if I could have been satisfied that they had gone that way. Their number I should judge to be about thirty. They halted on Hymel's plantation and fed themselves and horses, I was informed by the negroes, on Saturday night. The casualties of the expedition were as follows: Orderly Sergt. Emile Pelletier wounm, and one horse wounded in the neck.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. ALEXANDER,

Captain, Commanding Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., February 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Second indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

February 3, 1865.

This report is in its general tenor unsatisfactory. It appears that a raid had been made on Labadieville by a mounted force of the enemy. This force must have arrived from some landing place on the lower portion of Lake Verret, or else it must have come by the way of Napoleonville, which can hardly be presumed, inasmuch as there is a mounted force at that place to guard the passage. The number of roads on which this mounted force could operate are so few in number and of so short an extent, together with the fact that the horses had, in order to escape, to be embarked at no point on the lake above the canal (see topography of the country), and therefore within certain well-defined limits (see again the topography of the country) that the failure to capture at least the horses is inexcusable. I desire to do no one injustice, but to me the whole thing is unsatisfactory.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Department of the Gulf.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

