
the expenses of Government. Speculators who have trade permits,

universally a worse class of people with an army than the worst rebels, falling within our lines, do all they can to stimulate this opinion. Make your own orders governing this matter, basing them upon paragraph V of executive orders of September 24, 1864, and upon the authority here given. It may be well for you to authorize a certain mount of trade within our lines, and also the bringing out of Southern products in rear of positions permanently held by us. This, however, I do not direct.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 13, 1865.

(Received 11. 10 p. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of the 7th has just been received. I have given corps organization to the reserve force of the division, 18,000 effective infantry, and will make up General A. J. Smith's forces to the same strength. This, with a proper proportion of artillery, will make an efficient and manageable corps. The details of organization will be reported for the approval of the president. Can I employ Major General W. . F Smith if General Gillmore should not return.!

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 13, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I was anxious to have Steele as a corps commander, but the rank determines the question, and Granger is more active in organization and administration than Steele, and this last is an important feature in the present instance, where the troops have been gathered up hastily from three different departments. I would like to get rid of two or three brigadiers, very god brigade commanders, but in the way of more competent division commanders.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General.

[FEBRUARY 13, 1865. - For Halleck to Thomas, 2. 30 p. m. in reference to territorial limits of the command of Generals Thomas and Canby, see Vol. XLIX, Part I.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 44. New Orleans, La., February 13, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S . Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson, and will report without delay to these headquarters for assignment to duty in the field.

