
5. Captain Richard Penney, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the District of Vicksburg, and will proceed without delay to this city and report for orders to the chief quartermaster of the division.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 13th day of February, 1865; A communication from Lieutenant L. E. Granger, Morganza, February 6, 1865, states that during a recent expedition under Colonel Chrysler, of the Second New York Cavalry, five prisoners were captured, from whom he gathers that Colonel Scott is in comma; and of three regiments of Louisiana cavalry, well mounted, well armed, and well clothed. one of the prisoners states that plenty of supplies are obtained from Baton Rouge. Men belonging to Scott's command have been in Baton Rouge with cotton, which they sold. Another prisoner states that in conversation with Collins, commanding a guerrilla party, after has attack upon the pickets at Morganza, Rollins said he had taken no negro prisoners, but had captured two white prisoners, whom he had sent to Alexandria. A communication from Lieutenant J. M. Reeds, Hannibal, Mo., February 2, 1865, states that there are strong indications of trouble in Missouri during the coming season. Thinks that bushwhackers are gathering in Illinois and Iowa to invade the State. Recommends that detectives be sent to those States, particularly to cities in Illinois on the Mississippi River. A communication from Major George Webster, pass Manchac, La., February 12, mentions a rumor to the effect that a regiment of Arkansas troops is at Liberty, Miss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T . CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major- general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi that the advance of General Thomas' army has arrived at this place and is going into camp. Three thousand have arrived. Three thousand will be down to- night and balance to- morrow, in the opinion of the commanding officer, Colonel Moore. I inclose you a slip from rebel paper.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

