
9. Colonel F. A. Starring, assistant provost- marshal- general, Department of the Gulf, will take charge of the provost- marshal- general's office until further orders.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint louis, Mo., February 13, 1865.

Major G en. J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark:

GENERAL: There is a deep- seated but very natural anxiety through- out this State on the subject of Sterling Price's movements, and there seems a conviction on the part of the people that he proposes to make another raid into Missouri this spring with a larger force than last year. Of course as you are much nearer to his present position, you have much better means of information concerning these matters than we, and I would be greatly obliged to you therefore if you will keep me advised of anything important concerning such a movement toward Missouri as frequently as you think necessary. I will be glad also if you will instruct the commanding office at Fort Smith to communicate with me by telegraph and send my all the information on the subject referred to which he may acquire. It is believed impossible for Price to make any movement toward Missouri without its being known long in advance by spies or other means of information at your command in Arkansas, and we shall therefore trust largely to you for timely information on the subject. I would be glad also to k ow, if not inconsistence with orders, what are the forces at Fort Smith and Little Rock, and how much opposition you could make to any movement of the enemy in force toward Missouri. As all of their organized force which can be devoted to an invasion of this State are now south of Arkansas River, they must cross that stream in the face of the forces under your command in any movement north, and of course it is very desirable that I should know at as early a moment as possible after such a movement is begun precisely the amount of opposition it will meet on Arkansas or White River.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS. Numbers 9. Little Rock, Ark., February 13, 1865.

Captain Gustave Stange, Light Battery E, Second Missouri Artillery Volunteers, is, at his own request, hereby relieved from duty as chief of artillery of this division and will resume command of his battery. In relieving Captain Stane the brigadier-general commanding bears cheerful testimony to his worth as an officer and a gentleman, and desires to assure him that his prompt and careful execution of every trust will be held in grateful remembrance.

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

53 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT I

