HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, February 13, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT,

Denver:

Send me full report of matters in your district. Where are you troops stationed! What are you doing! What Indians are near you or on your part of the line!

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

DENVER, February 13, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri, Fort Leavenworth, Kans:

Stations of troops: Fort Lyon, escorting stages and protecting Santa Fe route; Camp Fillmore, on Arkansas River, protecting settlements; Fort Garland, on Arkansas River, in south part o Territory; at Denver, provost guard; at Living Spring (forty miles from Denver), protecting Overland route; at junction (100 miles), at Valley Station, (160 miles), a few escorting trains and coaches. Aggregate for duty, 460. Indians near Junction, m Valley Station, and 100 miles eastward, about 15,000 on headwaters of Smoky Hill. Am raising militia force by sheer force. On hand: Subsistence plenty; quartermaster's department, no clothing or blankets; destitute of transportation; not a dollar in money. Fort Collins, two companies; Camp Latham detachments, seventy miles from Denver, not in my district. Junction and Valley Stations, &amp;c., not in my district. I am expected to protect these points on Overland route with no troops, while they are in General Mitchell's district with troops. no depredations committed in my district; all in General Mitchell's. This people look to me for opening route; look to me for everything. Send me men and means. You shall not have to complain of inactivity or imbecility. Indians are desperate; threaten Southern line, which also looks to me for help; . Mail leaves Thursday. Have written you complete history of affairs. *

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, February 13, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri, Fort Leavenworth, Kans:

GENERAL: Th condition of military affairs in this Territory for the last three months has caused quite a stir at home and a very great commotion abroad, and justly so. To enable you to properly appreciate the wants and necessities of this people, so as to apply a remedy, to arrive at a desirable conclusion as to the causes of existing hostilities on the part of the Indians, to define my position as district commander, and to lay before you the many difficulties and embarrassments which I have had to contend against since assuming command, as well as to inform you of the steps taken and the means provided for carrying out the behests of the Government and protection of this Territory, I deem it my duty, First duty, to give you a concise history of events which may be relied upon for present information and future guidance. Had

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

