
JANUARY 31, 1865. - Expedition from Morganza to new Roads, La.

Report of Colonel Morgan H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND NEAR YORK VETERAN CAVALRY,Morganza, La., January 31, 1865.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the recent scout:

In compliance with orders from headquarters U. S. Forces at this post, I marched my command at 2 a. m. as follows: Two squads, under command of Major Fassett, to New Roads by the lower river and the cut-off; three squadrons, in command of Major Van Voast, to Waterloo, with orders to send one squadron under Captain Sanford, up False River to the dyke opposite New Roads. I followed one hour after with one squadron to hold all the cut-off roads from the river road leading to False River. Sabers were ordered to be left, behind, and all arrived as ordered at the different posts before daylight. The rain was falling in torrents. As the gray morning was creeping through the mist the alarm was sounded upon each door, "The Yankees are coming. " At Waterloo the trap was empty, as a gun-boat lay within a few yards of the town. At New Roads 5 were in and 5 were taken, and 3 horses and equipments and 5 revolvers. They tried hard to escape. Some burrowed themselves under the houses previously prepared. The Captain came very near escaping. He lay under a house covered with a gray blanket, and then covered with dirt and sand. One of the boys looked under, cocked his carbine, and said, "Come out; its no use trying to hide. Come out of I'll send a blue pill through you," when the Captain raised up his head and politely but earnestly remarked, "Don't shoot. " I send you the names and rank, and the prisoners under guard: Captain G. H. Miller, Fifth Louisiana Cavalry; First Lieutenant Bondman, Fifth Louisiana Cavalry: Charles Mouram, Scott's cavalry; Alphonse Mouram, West's battalion; E. Sanchez, Second Louisiana Cavalry; one of Ratliff's scouts. They are all active and intelligent men. The officers were Major Prime's main support, and their loss to him will be great. Prime the redoubtable major of the Fifth Louisiana Cavalry, had left the day before for Grossetete. All returned to camp at 1 p. m., being out eleven hours. Casualties none. Lieutenant Collins and eighteen men visited West Baton Rouge, and returned to the up river and Williamsport on the 25th. Ratliff is on his old ground on Maringouin Bayou, with four picket-posts on the Fordoche. Stillwell is at Rosedale and Prime on False River.

Hoping to present you Major Prime in a short time I remain, your obedient servant,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Colonel.

Lieutenant O. A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 31, 1865. - Skirmish near Oxford, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant William F. Goble, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Assistant Provost-Marshal.

OLATHE, KANS., February 1, 1865.

Two houses were burned in Aubrey last night. Doctor Bell's house was one burning yesterday morning. That Vaughn had his gang

