
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 7, 1865.

Honorable SMAUEL H. ELBERT:

SIR: As matters now stand in this district (having in a manner no troops), there is great danger of being overrun by the Indians. Troops could at the present time be raised bette4r than at any other time, and now is the time we require them. Will you, as acting governor, communicate with the authorities onthe subject (the governor being in Washington) to obtain this authority! It is of immense iportance to the Territory and their only way to receive speedy relief fromthe danger surrounding and prevent starvation. I submit this for your consideration and action, and my name may be used by you in this connection in your dispatches.

Very respectfully, our obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., January 8, 1865.

Honorable S. H. ELBERT,

Secretary and Acting Governor:

SIR: Owing to the depredations of Indians were are at present with out from telegraphic communications with the east, and therefore beyond the reach of immediate support from any quarters, leaving us to our- selves to act in the premises. Should the troubles continue I will be constrained to call on the able- bodied men to muster of the protection of the line of transportation. If you have any special views on the subject I would be pleased to have them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 9, 1865.

SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Colorado City, Colo. Ter:

GENTLEMEN: Learning that the legislative body of Colorado Territory is now in session, I respectfully suggest for your consideration the propriety of immediately reorganizing the militia law. Your country is in a manner isolated from the balance of the Federal Government, on which you depend for supplies. Your line of transportation is now inoperative, and it devolves upon you, the representatives of the people, to take a step in a direction that will insure you at least an active and efficient militia force to guard over your interests. As matters now stand, the militia must be called out sooner or later, and I make these suggestions that there may be no misunderstanding between the civil and military Gentlemen, pardon my intrusion; I mean it for you good.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

