
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 17, 1865.

Honorable s. H. ELBERT,

Acting Governor Colorado Territory:

SIR: By reason of the scarcity of troops in this district our natural enemies, the Indians, have possessed themselves of our lines of communication. They have burned ranches, killed innocent women and children, destroyed Government property wherever it was found, driven off the stage stock, killed the drivers and passengers traveling on the coaches; in short, they are making it a war of extermination. We may look in vain for such timely military assistance as will protect the lives and property of settlers, nor can we hope for an eastern communication this winter unless the citizens of the Territory band themselves together in a military organization and spring to arms at you call as chief executive. The blood of the innocent and unoffending martyrs cries aloud for vengeance, and starvation stares in the face the living. You nor I cannot longer remain inactive and be considered guiltless. You nor I cannot longer remain inactive and be considered guiltless. it devolves upon the militia as matters now stand to open the Overland route and keep it open until troops can be had from the east to make war on these savages of the plains until there remains not a vestige of their originality. on behalf of the General Government (and on my own responsibility, trusting to the justice of the cause for my own protection) I will furnish carbides to the first mounted and accepted company and rifled weapons of improved pattern to all the balance; also rations for the same as U. S . troops, an forage for the animals, with the proper allowance of transportation, and also horse equipments. My scouts inform me that the Indians' spies are now prowling around the very skirts of this place, so that in addition to your call for militia for field service the city companies should at once be placed on a war footing, having daily drills, with appointed places of rendezvous, that we may pping.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 25, 1865.

D. H. NICHOLS,

Chairman of Committee on Military Affairs:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday, from Golden City, making inquiries as to the number of troops in this district, and the disposition made of them. I will cheerfully give you the desired information. At Fort Lyon, which has lately been placed in my district, there are about 300 men. The mustering officer, Captain J. C. Anderson, has but returned after completing the organization of the First Regiment by consolidating it into six maximum companies. About forty men are at Fort Garland, but these now will be increased to 100. About forty men are at Camp Fillmore, but these will be increased to 100 also, as companies will be stationed together at posts so remote. One company will be stationed here, of 100 men, in place of the stragglers now doing duty. One company will be divided and stationed at Bijou Basin and Living Springs. This leaves only two companies at Fort Lyon. . In addition to these there are about seventy- five recruits of te Second Colorado. Part of them are now

