
at or near Junction and the balance will join in a few days. There are about sixty men now at Valley Station, but these must be changed, owing to the new organization. There are about 500, all told, for duty scattered from Fort Lyon, via Garland, m Fillmore, Denver and en route to Valley Station, a distance of about 450 miles. The committee will see from this that so widely spread are the troops that even in a case of emergency it would not be possible to get together more than 200 men in thirty- six hours.

Trusting this may be of service to you in your proceedings, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, January 31, 1865.

SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Golden City:

SIR: I have been looking eagerly and waiting patently for the passage of the bill which was designed to relieve the people of this Territory from the ravages oft he Indians. That bill was introduced at my suggestion as the most feasible of all plans to raise troops rapidly and voluntarily for the opening of the Overland route and the keeping of it open until succor could arrive from the States. The Indians are every day becoming more desperate, and to- day there stands not a ranch out of the many that were between Valley Station and Julesburg, and but very few on this side, and all since the introduction of that bill. I trusted implicitly in the patriotism and fidelity of the legislature, and that their wisdom and judgment would at once foresee the necessity of taking steps to defend their homes, the little ones, and the property of the people whom they represent. Am I mistaken! Od forbid! Yet every indication of late seems to blight my fondest hopes. I cannot longer await the action of your honorable body, for this night's dispatches from Junction inform me that about 3,000 Indians are marching up the Platte on both sides. Unless the legislature within forty- eight hours does something to relieve suffering humanity and save this country from ruin and devastation, I will be compelled, much against my will, to proclaim martial law, shut up all houses of business, and force every man able to bear arms into the ranks and send them out to protect their brethren, kill off the Indians, and establish permanent communication with the east. I cannot quietly look on and perform my duty to this people, my country, and my duty to this people, my country, and my of. I have weighed this matter well in my own mind, and what I have stated is my firm resolve, with a lingering hope that your honorable body will yet and immediately save this Territory form destruction and themselves from the indignation of an infuriated people.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, February 4, 1865.

Honorable SPEAKER HOUSE O REPRESENTATIVES,

Golden City, Colo. Ter:

DEAR SIR: I send this communication by special messenger and respectfully ask that an answer to this, as well as that of January 31

