
in my estimation it will be of great assistance and good. I am more than sorry that I have now no other alternative but to proclaim martial law and suspend all business until a sufficient number of men (mounted) are had to open the Overland route and protect the frontier settlers of the Territory. When I modified martial law as it existed under the former district commander I never expected to be compelled to restore it with renewed severity.

Accept my thanks for your courtesy, and believe me, with esteem and respect, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT RANKIN, February 13, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

No portion of my district includes any portion of Colorado, as I understand it. I will put a part of a squadron at or near Harlow's ranch. Do you expect me to take charge as far as far as Junction!

LIVINGSTON.

DENVER, February 13, 1865.

Colonel LIVINGSTON,

Fort Rankin:

The entire line from Julesburg to this side Junction is not in my district. Have called for 360 mounted militia to open route to Julesburg. Expect help and co- operation from you as far as valley Station at least. Have only about 100 volunteers on line. No more to send at present.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 6. Milwaukee, Wis., February 13, 1865.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 11, current series, of the War Department, the undersigned assumes command of the Department of the Northwest.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 14, 1865- 7 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

If General Reynolds has not already been authorized to change the garrisons of his department as suggested in his dispatch of the 8th instant, it will be well to notify him to carry out his won suggestions as soon as he can.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[FEBRUARY 14, 1865- For Grant to Thomas, 1 p. m. and Thomas to Grant, 8 p. m., in reference to co-operation between Canby and Thomas in Alabama, see Vol. XLIX, Part I.]

