SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL, DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 45. New Orleans, La., February 14, 1865.

1. Captain Oliver P. Gooding, Tenth U. S. Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as an inspecting officer with the U. S . forces at Kenner, La., and will report at these headquarters for assignment to other duty.

2. Brigadier General William A. Pile, U. S . Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf, and will report in person at these headquarters for assignment to duty in the field.

* * * * *

6. The following- named batteries, comprising the siege train, now preparing for active service in the field, are hereby relieved from duty in New Orleans and will report direct to Brigadier- General Totten, chief of artillery and ordnance, at these headquarters, viz: Companies B, C\, H, I, K, L, M, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, and the Eighteenth New York Battery. General Totten will prepare and hold his command in readiness for movement at any moment. As soon as transportation can be conveniently provided Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Hays, commanding First Indiana Heavy Artillery, with his regimental staff, will report to Brigadier- General Totten for duty with the siege train.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, February 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with the orders oft he major- general commanding, I have placed an officer in charge of the bureau of the provost- marshal- general of the department. Colonel F. A. Starring, Seventy- second Illinois Volunteers, assistant provost- marshal- general, will assume the duties this morning.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 42. New Orleans, February 14, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The Ninety- First Illinois Volunteers having been transferred to the Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Day, of that regiment, is hereby relieved from the duties assigned to him in extract 9, of Special Orders, Numbers 39, current series, from these headquarters. Lieutenant Colonel S. W. Anderson, Ninety- third U. S. Colored Infantry, is appointed a commissioner to examine and report upon such questions concerning abandoned and confiscated houses as may from time to time be referred to him. He will report in person at these headquarters without delay.

* * * * *

