
loyal citizens who reside in the vicinity of the posts of your command that there are several hundred families within the above limits who have the will and are very desirous to cultivate their lands, and many if not all, of whom must, without assistance from the Government, be either rendered entirely destitute or be force d to leave the State. These people further represent that they can protect themselves against guerrillas and robbers if encouraged by the U. S. authorities so to do. Therefore you will authorize Captain George E. Miller to raise a company of 100 men,, and on the roll being presented to and approved by you they will be permitted to bear arms. Other companies may be formed, if you deem proper, after the first one shall have been filled up. These companies are to be composed of men whose occupation is farming and not soldiering . The organization herein authorized will be officered by the governor of Arkansas. They are for local defense against guerrillas and other outlaws, and for the protection of their own members and others engaged in agriculture. They will receive no pay or subsistence from the Government for such services. The commanding officers of companies will act under the advice and general direction of the commanding officer at Fort Smith. You are authorized to sell for cash, and at 50 per cent. advance on cost, subsistence stores and corn to loyal families in the vicinity of the posts in your command, provided such families are engaged in farming. This indulgence is expected to aid them until they can make a crop. Oats in limited quantities may also be included in these sales. Families that are not engaged in any occupation whereby they do, m or very soon will, support themselves will be sent as fast as opportunity offers to Little Rock, The number of destitute persons fed in the vicinity of the posts of your command must be as small as possible, and the issue of provisions to such persons will cease entirely at the earliest moment practicable. The total number of persons who will probable require the assistance herein provided for, it is represented, will not, at the outside, exceed 1,000. Civil officers of the State of Arkansas will receive your encouragement and protection.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 14, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

Two divisions of General Thomas' army have arrived. General McArthur, commanding one, arrived last night and thinks that the other division and General A. J. Smith will be down to- night. I inclose you two rebel papers.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 1 4, 1865- 12. 30 p. m.

(Received 2. 40 p. m.)

Major- General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Yours of yesterday about provost- marshal system received. As part of the same subject, let me say I am now pressed in regard to a pending

