
Hence, with the present force at the two places named, Forts Smith and Gibson, we can expect but little in the way of intercepting any force at the Arkansas River that design making a raid into this State. I have written Colonel Phillips, commanding at Fort Gibson, requesting him to furnish us promptly with any information he may obtain of movements of rebel troops moving north with the view of crossing the Arkansas River, especially west of Fort Gibson, and I have also arranged for sending scouts from the southwest settlements of Kansas for the same purpose. With the few troops at present in this district it is impossible for me to send into that locality sufficient number of men to resist any considerable force of the enemy without abandoning other important posts. It is not probable that any movement of the enemy, such as I have referred to, will be attempted until there is sufficient grass to subsist their animals, but in view of the prospective danger from that source I would suggest the propriety a force on the southern border of this State with as little delay as possible when there is reason to believe that it is required. I will keep you promptly advised of all information I can obtain relative to the enemy's movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI

Saint Louis, February 23, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major General John Pope, commanding Military Division of the Missouri, for information.

G. M. DODGE,Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,

Paola, Kans., February 14, 1865.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding at Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: I have information from various sources that leads me to suspect that the enemy contemplate making a raid from the vicinity of Red River, Tex., across the Arkansas, and thence into the southwestern settlements of this State, as soon as there is sufficient grass to subsist their stock. I have but very few troops in my command at present, and cannot keep a large force in the Neosho Valley without abandoning other important posts, hence I shall have to rely upon concentrating a force to meet the danger when it is threatened. With this view I have to request that you keep me promptly advised of any information you may obtain relative to movements of the enemy from the northern border of Texas in this direction. Dispatches can be sent to Fort Scott and telegraphed, and also to Fort Smith, as I am now in telegraphic communication with the latter place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

