
OMAHA, NEBR. TER., February 14, 1865.

Major-General DODGE, Fort Leavenworth:

Scouts returned I sent from Columbus up the Loup Fork report seeing a large trail going north fifty-seven miles northwest of Columbus. From the direction taken by those Indians that fought Collins at Mud Springs, and from report of scouts from their trail, I am satisfied the Indians are heading for Running Water or the Missouri River. My scouts sent to the Running Water have not yet returned. I have some apprehension for their safety. I find it almost impossible to procure men for this service in consequence of non-payment. My assistant quartermaster has not been furnished any money to pay quartermaster's men or for any other purpose since I have been in command of this district. Some of this class of men have ben laboring for twelve months without receiving a single dollar for their services. The result is they are compelled to desert our service to make a living for their families. Cannot this to some extent be remedied?

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, February 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Omaha:

The troops are on the road. Meet them at Kearny, but make such arrangements as will insure prompt forwarding of corn from Omaha. As soon as troops reach Kearny be ready to push right out against the Indians, and follow them until they are entirely broken up and so chastised that they will not return. I don't want any such outrages as were committed by Covington. I think if we could get hold of a lot of them as hostages it would be a good idea. Instruct Colonel Livingston to telegraph me daily of matters around Julesburg.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT RANKIN, February 14, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

System guarding coaches east Julesburg is one station at each post; one intermediate statio with permanent guard of twenty men. Posts are twenty-five to thirty-five miles apart, giving short relays for mounted escorts. If same plan is adopted west no trouble to run coaches. Urge Mr. Reynolds to put them on. General Dodge anxious to open line. I send fifty men to Harlow's, twenty-five miles west of this post, to-morrow. Recruits from Second Cavalry leave here to-morrow for [sic].

LIVINGSTON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., February 15, 1865-10 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I shall be much obliged if you will keep me advised of the time your cavalry expedition will start from Vicksburg, as I wish to co-operate by sending a force into Alabama and Mississippi.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

