
[FEBRUARY 15, 1865-For Grant to Thomas, 3. 30 p. m., and Thomas to Grant, 10 p. m., in reference to expedition into Alabama to co-operate with forces in Military Division of West Mississippi, see Vol. XLIX, Part I.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 46. New Orleans, La., February 15, 1865.

* * * *

6. Captain S. S. Rockwood, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the U. S. forces at Kennerville, La., and will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., and relieve Captain John R. Thompson, commissary of subsistence of volunteers. Captain Thompson will, upon being relieved, proceed to this city and report to the chief commissary of subsistence of the division for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 15th day of February, 1865: John H. Collins, who has during the past month visited Summit, Liberty, Woodville, General Hodge's headquarters at Beaver Creek and Bayou Sara, states that Colonel Scott has furloughed his command to rendezvous at Summit. This furlough has already expired. His rolls carry 4,200 names. When pursuing General Davidson he had about 1,400 men. At the time the furlough was granted he had 500 or 600. Informant thinks it doubtful if more than 500 of these men can be reassemble. Colonel Scott and Colonel Wingfield are now in arrest for furloughing their respective commands without authority. The former is now at home, about nine miles from Bayou Sara. His command comprises the First Louisiana Cavalry, Third Louisiana Cavalry, probably Colonel Gober's cavalry. Colonel Powers' regiment numbers 480 men, headquarters at Whitestown, eight miles from Woodville, on Clinton road. It pickets Bayou Sara and Fort Adams roads. Colonel Griffith's regiment of cavalry numbers 200 men. They are at the same station. A communication from Lieutenant L. E. Granger, Morganza, La., February 12, states he has received information that the rebels have succeeded in raising the guns of the sunken gun-boats, and say they are now prepared to sink any transport going up Red River after cotton. Twenty enlisted men of Hood's army, furloughed for ninety days by General Dick Taylor, crossed the River one mile from the gun-boat at Tunica Bend on a raft last week.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

