
lessees of plantations, some of whom are as bad as the enemy. The freedmen's department, numbering 5,000, I have endeavored to make self-supporting, but have been defeated in it by dishonest men, one of whom is now on trial. These cares and the climate have made my state such as to require rest. I have been nobly seconded by my staff officers, especially Captain T. C. Meatyard, assistant adjutant-general, who requires a change as much as I. I have positive evidence of corruption at headquarters during my absence in September. The most guilty party, Lieutenant Snow, of the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general during my absence, had resigned before I got my information or I should have tried him. I now ask that you will order me to report with Captain Meatyard, assistant adjutant-general, to Major-General Canby, at New Orleans, for another field of service, and on my arrival there I doubt not he will give us the respite required. I would ask for a change in your department, but I do not think it would be in your power to give me a more useful or desirable place than this, whereas General Canby might give me the opportunity of a few weeks court-martial, or other duties, or send me to the Atlantic coast by sea. I would be equally content with orders for us to report in person to the Adjutant-General in Washington for assignment to other duties. I have hesitated long in making this application, as I feel as happy in serving under your command as any officer in the service. I beg leave to suggest to you this post requires an experienced and firm officer. This letter will be handed to you by Captain D. P. Allen, commissary of subsistence, who will explain my views more fully as I have communicated them to him. I beg of you an early reply, that I may have a few days to set my house in order.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., February 15, 1865.

Major J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout on the north side of the River captured Captain Lightfoot and Lieutenant Graham, two notorious guerrillas. I should like to retain them and have them tried here by a military commission, for the murder, last summer, of a number of unarmed negroes on the Haskell plantation. Lieutenant Reeder, Third C. S. Infantry, was captured two days since. He will be sent up on first boat.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., February 15, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I respectfully ask that one regiment of infantry, well officered, be ordered here from Little Rock, from which I can detach officers to fill various important positions on the staff. I cannot find officers here who can be relied upon. All who are competent are implicated in alleged speculations, &amp;c. As soon as notified that a regiment has been

