
ordered from Little Rock, I will order one from here to supply the place. This course should be continued fro time to time until three or four regiments are moved from here and their places supplied with regiments from Little Rock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CURUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, February 15, 1865-9. 40 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The larger portion of the rebel forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department appears to be concentrated at and in the vicinity of Washington, Ark., 200 miles southeast of Fort Smith. The cavalry corps which the rebels claimed to be 9,000 strong is all under the command of Fagan. The whole is sunder Magruder. Their army is said to be under good discipline. The conscripts and other recruits from Missouri have been forcibly dismounted and compelled to serve in the infantry. Most of their best horses died of starvation. The road from the Arkansas to Red River is lined with dead animals. Their best officers acknowledge the raid a total failure. They say they have no intention or thought of attempting another, and will be satisfied with maintaining their present lines. Maclean, Price's assistant adjutant-general, was killed recently in a fight with Lieutenant-Colonel Wood. If another raid into Missouri is attempted Price will not command it, as his last was so disastrous that he is now without command. I arrived here on the 12th from Little Rock and relieved General Thayer. Will keep you informed of all movements of the enemy in this part of the country.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 15, 1865-12. 25 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Please ascertain whether General Fisk's administration is as good as it might be, and answer me.

A. LINCOLN.

(Forwarded to Major-General Pope, at Milwaukee, Wis., at 5. 30 p. m.)

SAINT LOUIS, February 15, 1865-11. 12 a. m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

Dispatch received from General Halleck. Secretary of War does not approve of new department. Thinks General Dodge will be able properly to defend mail route.

JOS MCC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

