HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, February 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

I think it very important that the troops at Sioux City and Fort Randall should move across the country to Fort Laramie at the same time to move from Julesburg and up Wood River. Colonel Collins has had another fight north of the Platte, and the Indians went north. We lost 3 killed and 22 wounded. Colonel Moonlight reports a force of Indians north of Valley Station and a very large force on the headwaters of Smoky Hill Fork, 100 miles east of Denver. Routes all open. Indians that fought Collins crossed Loup Fork sixty miles north of Columbus and appear to be making for Running Water of the Missouri River.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

February 15, 1865-9. 35 a. m.

Major General D. M. DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

I informed General Pope of what you had done and wished. He said he intended sending you both the Rock Island regiments. He is now in Milwaukee; will return by the 23rd instant.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 46. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 15, 1865.

* * * *

3. There being troops enough in the District of Nebraska to form a brigade, as required by General Orders, Numbers 251, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, series 1864,* it is hereby announced a separate brigade.

4. The District of Colorado will consist of the Territory of Colorado, excepting the post at Julesburg.

5. All troops at posts in the District of Colorado as now formed will report to Colonel Moonlight, commanding District of Colorado.

6. In opening communications, repairing telegraph, and escorting trains in movements against the Indians, and in re-enforcing, if necessary, posts that are attacked or in danger, no attention will be paid to district lines. Commanders of districts, sub-district, and posts in all cases will give all aid in their power to one another, having in view only the safety of the country and benefit of the service. As soon as the emergency has passed that requires troops to move out of the limit of their districts they will return to their proper stations.

By order of Major-General Dodge:

J. WILLANS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 596.

---------------

