
When she came in hailing distance I ordered her to come to anchor or I would fire into her. She immediately came to. I went on board and found that the guerrillas had been on board and robbed the crew of all their money and clothes; then they demanded of the Captain $1,000, or they would burn his schooner. The Captain not having the money convenient could not give them to money. If I had not just been in time the schooner would have been burned. I went in pursuit of them, but lost track of them entirely, but was informed that they had gone to Bayou La Combe. I sent a colored man by name of St. John to Mrs. Cooper's to ascertain if they had damaged any of her property. He returned at 3 a. m. February 1, 1865, and stated that they had been there, but did not disturb anything, but took a man by the name of Johnson who was in her employ. She was well protected by armed citizens from Pearl River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL GALLAGHER,

First Lieutenant 74th U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Company A.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. HALL,

Commanding Fort Pike, La.

FEBRUARY 1-5, 1865. - Scout from Warrensburg to Wagon Knob, Big Grove, Greenton, and Texas Prairie, Mo.

Report of Captain Milton Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo. February 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you that, in compliance with proper orders, I started from Camp Grover on the morning of the 1st of February 1865, with thirty-eight men for five days' scout. I moved in the direction of Columbus, and near that place I divided my force and sent eighteen men, under command of Lieutenant Phillips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, to the vicinity of Renick Mills, to camp in that vicinity and on the 2nd to meet me near Wagon Knob. I with twenty men, moved in the direction of Wagon Knob and camped on the head of James' Branch. On the 2nd instant I met Lieutenant Phillips near Wagon Knob. I there divided the force as before and sent Lieutenant Phillips to scout in the vicinity of Buck Knob, and to meet me at a certain point south of Wagon Knob. I went through the head of Big Grove and passed on to near the head of Tabo Creek and camped. On the morning of the 3rd instant I divided my force again and sent eight men with Sergeant Kelly, Company L, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, to scout through the head of the Big Grove and meet me near the Wagon Knob. I, with ten men, moved in the direction of Greenton and Tucker's Mill. Near that place I visited the house of the bushwhacker Rider and found his family to consist of his wife Alice and six children; one boy ten years old, one boy nine years old, one boy seven years old, one girl six years old, one girl four years old, and one girl two years old. I went from there to Texas Prairie and visited the family of Welch. He and two sons are in the brush. I found his wife Mary and four children; one boy twelve years old, one girl ten years old, one boy seven years old, and one boy five years old. I then started in the direction of Chapel Hill and soon found a trail of two guerrillas. I followed them until late in the evening, and came up with them at one Widow Cobb's, in the south edge of Texas Prairie. They were just about ready to leave when I came in sight. I charged

