
PILOT KNOB, February 15, 1865.

Captain LEEPER, Patterson, Mo.:

It is reported from Centerville that about 200 rebs are gathering in Oregon County for a raid. Learn the truth in regard to this and report as soon as you can.

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., February 15, 1865.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report as follows in regard to the progress in the construction of block-houses and stockades in the District of Central Missouri: the work at the Osage for the block-house at the east end of the bridge, about half of the timbers are delivered on the ground, the cellar completed, and ready for the walls. The block-house at the west end of the bridge is up to the square of the second story, and will be completed in ten days, if lumber for roofing and floors can be had, for which requisitions have been made. The block-house at the La Mine bridge has not progressed so rapidly as might be wished, for various reasons; one is the difficulty in getting tools at the commencement, another a change of commands at the station since the work commenced. the timbers are being got out, in which the citizens are rendering assistance. The late fall of rain will delay the work for a few days at this point. At Sedalia, for the stockade at that place about 280 sticks of timber have been delivered on the ground. The commander at that station informs me that for the want of men he is unable to prosecute the work as rapidly as he would wish, and that in the last ten days he has been delayed in consequence of the appraisement of horses belonging to the men and in sending men home with private horses. He has not called on the citizens for assistance. At Marshall the timbers for a stockade are all cut and half of them delivered on the ground. I saw the commanding officer of that station yesterday (the 14th instant). He informs me that the work is progressing as rapidly as it can with force at his command in connection with his other duties, such as scouting, foraging, &amp;c. He has called upon the citizens to assist in the work, and says that it is almost impossible to gt any assistance from them. At Warrensburg nothing has been done, and the reason given for not doing anything at that place is as follows: The commander of the post says he has no authority to take timber. He also says that he has made requisition on the quartermaster for timber, and that he does not wish to incur the responsibility in taking timber. I received a communication from the chief engineer, Department of the Missouri, in regard to works at Kansas City (a copy of which is herewith inclosed). I have visited these posts and stations near twice each week since I have been assigned to this duty. I have urged upon the commanders of posts and stations your desires, directions, and wishes in regard to prosecuting these works with energy to completion. is I know not what to do. Any instructions you may have that will enable me to cause the work to progress more rapidly I will endeavor to carry out to the best of my ability.

Colonel, I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

D. DALE,

Major, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia,

Superintending Construction of Block-House and Stations,

District of Central Missouri.

