
month of January, 1865: Companies A, E, F, H, I, and K, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, near Cottonwood Springs, Nebr. Ter. ; Company C, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter. ; Company G, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter. ; Companies A, B, C, F, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, near Cottonwood Springs, Nebr. Ter., Company E, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Columbus, Nebr. Ter. ; Companies A and C, First Battalion Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, near Cottonwood Springs; Company B, First Battalion Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, Dakota City; Company D, First Battalion Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, Omaha City, Nebr. Ter. ; Companies A, D, I, L, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, Fort Laramie; Company H, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, Camp Mitchell (near Scott's Bluff); Company C, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, Fremont's Orchard, Colo. Ter. ; Companies B and F, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, Camp Collins.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. I. MCKENNY,

Major and Inspector-General, Department of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, February 15, 1865.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley:

COLONEL: The Third Wisconsin has been ordered to return to you, with the exception of that portion used for a courier line. The two companies at For Larned will be allowed to remain until I can send troops to relieve them. I shall send you horses to mount all your cavalry, and will replace those at the posts with infantry, so that all our mounted force can be used against the Indians, the infantry doing the escort and post duty. I desire you to be prepared as soon as you receive horses to move out into the country between the Platte and Arkansas Rivers and break up the band of Indians said to be located there. I hope that I shall be able to move you within thirty days, as I desire to have you move at the same time the movement is made on the North Platte. The Indians that went north after the Covington fight have crossed both Plates and are now some sixty miles north of the North Platte. The Indians must be punished, the women and children captured and held as hostages. I do not consider such fights as Covington's to be of any benefit in quelling Indian disturbances or of any credit to our service. The courier line from Lawrence to Riley I desire kept up and dispatches run through promptly. You will by good scouts keep fully posted in regard to the location of the enemy either south, west, or north of you, and also keep me posted. I shall leave here this week for Saint Louis, where any special dispatch or news will reach m. e All returns and reports will be sent as usual to Fort Leavenworth, but any news relative to the enemy will be telegraphed me at Saint Louis. The posts at Larned, Zarah, &amp;c., should be protected by works, and I shall instruct the quartermaster to endeavor to get lumber enough for roofing buildings for our stores. Troops can make comfortable quarters out of earth and can be covered in the same manner. Special Orders, Nos. 41 and 42, which prescribe the manner of crossing the plains, will be promptly and efficiently carried out, and a good officer at the proper time should be placed at Council Grove. I desire,

