
January, 1865, came to Santa Fe, en route to the old Navajo country. I had a talk with them, in the presence of Governor Connelly and Don Jose Manuel Gallegos. it was to this effect:

They were to go out into the old Navajo country and tell the Navajoes still remaining there that they must come in at once and go to the reservation; that this is the last warning they will have; that if they come in now their stock shall remain as their own; but if within five weeks from the time of the notice they are not at Fort Wingate the door will be shut, and we will then fight them, the people will fight them, and the Utes will fight them, and they will be destroyed. In this case their blood will be on their own hands, not on ours, as they have had fair warning. These Navajoes whom I send out as delegates with this warning are then to return to Santa Fe, and thence to Bosque Redondo, without waiting for any others.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 16, 1865.

(Via Cairo and New York.)

Major-General CANBY, New Orleans:

General Grant directs that you will receive all Union prisoners delivered to you on the Mississippi River or at Mobile. The former will be sent to Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, and the latter to that place or to Annapolis, Md., as may be most convenient for your means of transportation.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 47. New Orleans, La., February 16, 1865.

1. Captain Robert G. Curtis, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Mississippi, and will proceed without delay to this city, and report for duty to Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers.

2. Captain Clarence H. Dyer, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

3. Captain William W. Cantine, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as chief commissary of the troops now stationed and being collected within the limits of the District of West Florida and South Alabama. He will report accordingly to Major General Gordon Granger.

* * * *

6. Second Lieutenant C. H. Townsend, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers, aide-de-camp to Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby permitted to accompany the general to his new station in the Army of the James.

7. Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as provost-marshal-general, Department of Arkansas, and will proceed without delay to this city en route to join his regiment in the Reserve Corps.

* * * *

9. Captain James E. Harrison, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with the orders of the War Department

55 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

