
is hereby assigned to duty as special inspector of cavalry of the Military Division of West Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 16th day of February, 1865: Mr. H. C. Gardner, a refugee from Texas, states that there is a ford one mile and a half in length across Galveston Bay, half a mile north of Caronkaway Point. Has at ordinary high tide two and a half to three feet of water and in the channel four. The bottom is good, except in the channel, where it is of soft mud. The channel is about 150 yards wide. Information describes route from the west end of the ford to Houston, which is about fifty miles distant. Dr. F. Stevens has been surgeon on gun-boats Bayou City. Left Glaveston December 27, 1865; states the total number of troops in Galveston and vicinity does not exceed 1,500 men. Makes the following statement in regard to the fortifications of Galveston: Almost all the works are dismantled and the guns sent to Virginia Point. Fort Point had five guns; now has one. The others are wooden. Fort Jackson had three 32-pounder, two small guns from gun-boat Westfield. Fort Magruder has one rifle, one mortar, and two smooth-bores. South Battery has only one gun left. There are two brass 12-pounders about the middle of the bridge. All the other works are mounted, if at all, with wooden guns. Thinks Galveston will be evacuated. The bridge is nearly worn out. Heard General Walker complain about the useless expense of fortifying the city. No gun-boats are now left in the bay. Mr. E. S. Murray left Mobile January 22; had been conscripted in the rebel army. States there is a great scarcity of food in Mobile. States one-half of Hood's army, in number about 5,000, passed through Mobile on the way to Augusta on the 19th or 20th of January. Informant states the number of troops in Mobile and vicinity, which does not materially differ from previous reports. Lieutenant G. G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, reports by telegraph that he has learned from a scout that there are from 400 to 500 Federal prisoners confined at Meridian, Miss. They are reported in a destitute condition. A communication from the same officer of the 12th instant states that Scott's command is reported at Canton, Miss. General Gardner has been relieved from command for drunkenness, and General Forrest succeeds him. States that refugees and deserters universally agree in asserting there is a general sentiment in favor of "peace on any terms" through the rebel States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

