
instructed, or it neglected its duty. In Brigadier-General Sherman's view the pickets on the canal are entirely secondary in importance, provided the passage back of the plantation to which Kittredge's lane leads is properly guarded.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 16, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: It is now reasonably certain that no more draft will be made in the forces of the department. It remains to us to put those now within the command on the best possible footing. I wish you to proceed at once to cause the cavalry to be organized into brigades, cutting all unnecessary staff appointments down to the minimum. Compel line and field officers to remain with their commands, and to use their best endeavors to bring them into efficiency. As soon as the weather and the state of the ground admit, send a brigade to Morganza as permanent part of the garrison to cover the Atchafalaya country. The infantry and artillery within your limits will require similar action, and, in short, I expect much of your limits will require similar action, and, in short, I expect much of your time for awhile to be given to inspection and correction by personal attention. Strict attention to duties will be required, especially in colored regiments. It will be well for you to notice specially the condition of the Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry at Port Hudson, and give me your judgment about the practicability of making if effective.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 16, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

GENERAL: In obedience to instructions from headquarters Department of the Gulf, the major-general commanding directs that the Fourteenth New York Cavalry be ordered to report to Brigadier-General Ullmann for duty at Morganza. As this regiment will relieve the Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry in that district, they will take with them their camp and garrison equipage and stores of all kinds. You will please give the necessary orders in the premises.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 16, 1865.

Brigadier General D. ULLMANN,

Morganza, La.:

The idea of using Kennerville as a camping-ground for the troops coming from General Thomas is abandoned in consequence of the recent

