
on them. My animal being faster than those of my men, I alone was able to get in easy range of them. I wounded one of them.mselves by reaching some scattering brush, and the dusk of the evening prevented us from getting both of them. I camped that night in that vicinity, and next morning passed Buck Knob and joined Lieutenant Phillips and Sergeant Kelly south of Wagon Knob. Being satisfied that there were more bushwhackers in the direction of Tucker's Mill, I moved my whole force under cover of the Wagon Knob and concealed my horses and left a guard with them. I divided my men into three parties-nine men with myself, nine men with Lieutenant Phillips, and eight men with Sergeant Kelly, Company L, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry-and moved in the direction of Tucker's Mill, myself in the center, Lieutenant Phillips on my right, and Kelly on my left. After proceeding some two miles I came upon a trail of six bushwhackers and followed them about three miles in the thick brush and completely surprised them, and fired a volley int them at a distance of about forty paces while they were standing in a close circle around a small fire. What damage was done them I am unable to state, but am satisfied that several of them were wounded. I captured all of their horses and equipments six in number, and tow Sharps carbines. The brush being very thick I was unable to follow them after they were dismounted. I camped that night, the 4th, near Wagon Knob, and on the 5th returned to camp with all of my captured property.

I am, Captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURRIS,

Captain Company I, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Captain A. R. CONKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.

FEBRUARY 1-5, 1865. - Scout from Warrensburg to Tabo Creek, Dover, Oaklin Church, and Davis' Creek, Mo.

Report of Captain George T. Hamblin, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. COMPANY I, SEVENTH CAV. MO. STATE MILITIA.

Camp Grover, near Warrensburg, Mo., February 5, 1865.

COLONEL: In obedience to Special Orders, No. -, headquarters of District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo., I have the honor to report:

On the 1st day of February 1865, I left Warrensburg, Mo., in charge of Lieutenant Crain and forty-eight enlisted men of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and proceeded on the Lexington road as far as Mound Prairie Church. Thence I proceeded in a northeast direction to Tabo Creek, distant eight miles from Mound Prairie Church, where I camped for the night. On the morning of the 2nd I moved down the creek, having out skirmishers. I scouted the brush thoroughly for the enemy. I had gone but a short distance when my advance came upon three guerrillas, whereupon the guerrillas and my advance exchanged several shots. I moved rapidly forward and gave chase after the retreating guerrillas. I, with eight of my men, pursued them some eight miles, whereupon I gave up the chase and returned to where I first started the guerrillas and found that the command had moved to other localities. I then proceeded in the direc-

