
these transactions, said to be made in the adjoining State, is genuine; as, indeed, there could be no security for it. I desire that either the provisions of orders be carried out and respect to them secured at the military posts on the Kansas border, or that other steps be taken to correct the evil.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel Third Indian Regiment, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OHIO CITY, KANSAS, January 12, 1865.

Lieutenant JOHN CHESS,

Fort Gibson:

DEAR SIR: For nearly six months one R. Lombard, a half-breed Quapaw Indian, has been incarcerated in the military prison of Fort Gibson. I would be much obliged if you would see the commander of the post and inform me the charges against him. His family is in a bad condition and needs him much. I am sure he was enticed to the Cherokee country by whites, who, I understand, have been released, and other Indians who accompanied him have been released. Why he is thus kept is more than I can see. The order of General Curtis, at any rate, makes it no military crime to obtain cattle from that country. I wish you would give me all the particulars of his offenses, trial, and condemnation. He may have been kept there without a trial, as thousands of privates and citizens have been, without charges or trial, merely at the pleasure of the commander. I hardly think, from what I know of the commander of that post, that this can be true. If possible, I hope he will be released. I do not see how the interests of the military service or the Government can be subserved by so long an imprisonment, and I know the effect on the Indians is decidedly bad and will militate against the Government unless there is the best of cause. Please see the commander and let me hear from you.

Yours, truly,

P. P. ELDER,

U. S. Neosho Indian Agent.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE SOUTHERN SUPERINTENDENCY INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Leavenworth, Kans., September 22, 1865.

ALEXANDER HAMILTON, Esq.,

Humboldt, Kans.:

SIR: By authority in my vested a superintendent of Indian affairs, I hereby authorize and permit you to purchase cattle of the Indians within the Indian Territory under all the rules, restrictions, and liabilities prescribed by the U. S. laws regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and in addition thereto, in consequence of the vast amount of illicit and unlawful trade now carried on within said Territory, I hereby prescribe the following additional regulations, from which you will in no wise deviate: For all stock purchased you will take bill of sale describing particularly the quality of the same, their number and ages, whether steers, cows, calves, heifers, or bulls, and the price paid for the same, the payment of which to be attested by two competent witnesses. The bills of sale must be signed by the Indians of whom you purchase, and approved by the chiefs or head

