
transmit a copy of it, herewith inclosed, and beg to remark that no infantry is to disembark at Vicksburg, but that it will proceed down the river, as ordered by General Thomas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, February 3, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Vicksburg:

The commanding officer of the cavalry forces now on their way from General Thomas will, when he arrives off Vicksburg, be instructed to disembark at that place, and to be immediately prepared for active operations in the field. Please give him all necessary facilities.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 16, 1865.

Captain J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: For the information of the major-general commanding the department I have the honor to report that troops from General Thomas' army are still arriving from above. No dispatches have been received from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi excepting the one (of which you have already been informed) directing the troops to disembark at this place. Major General A. J. Smith left for Morganza last evening to communicate by telegraph with Major-General Canby.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 16, 1865.

Major E. B. MEATYARD,

Commanding Post of Davis' Bend, Miss.:

MAJOR: You will with the least possible delay organize every white or colored [man] within the limits of your command into the militia organization, appointing such officers either from those now in the army or civilians as will, in your judgment, best promote the efficiency of the organizations, reporting your action to these headquarters, and also the number of arms, accouterments, &amp;c., that will be required to equip them. All the troops now at Davis' Bend belonging to the Sixty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry will be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

