
6. 30 train to-morrow morning, the 17th instant, to Alton, Ill., and report to Brigadier-General Stone for escort duty. This duty done, they will rejoin their command at Benton Barracks. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Major Fiftieth Missouri Vols. and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 16, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Inform Governor Fletcher and General Dodge that the governor's proposition as to the new regiments has been referred to Lieutenant-General Grant, and I go to City Point to see him about it.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 16, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Commanding at Lexington, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say that Captain Burris is ordered to Lexington with his company. Captain Burris will take charge of the recruitment of the company of militia for La Fayette County. This will give you three companies at Lexington, and it is expected with this force that you will keep scouting parties actively going all the time in La Fayette County. But few troops are needed to garrison the place; the balance, infantry and cavalry, must be kept moving. Send out your scouts under commissioned officers, with positive instructions to be vigilant and energetic. Now is the time to destroy the bands of guerrillas in that country. Instruct your scouting parties that no unauthorized depredations on the rights and property of peaceful citizens will be tolerated. The officer in charge will be held responsible for the deportment of the command. Special pains will be taken to see that each man is provided before leaving camp with the required number of rations. Prompt and full reports of the result of each scout will be forwarded to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. WARD,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MACON, MO., February 16, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

During my late trip eastward I was compelled to leave unfinished a very important item of business in consequence of detention of travel on account of snow. My leave of absence was expiring, and I hastened back to my command without closing my business, deeming it better to return here for a few days and snug up affairs in the district and go

