
again than to secure an extension of my leave. I desire to go to Ohio and Michigan next week. Can probably adjust my business, which is in connection with the settlement of my farther's estate, and return within ten days. I have, therefore, the honor to request that a ten days' leave from the 20th be granted me, ad that you advise me by telegraph on receipt of this if it is practicable to grant it, that I may advise my friends by telegraph that I will meet them. The district and business of my headquarters are in a good condition. The volunteer militia companies are filling up.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 34. Macon, Mo., February 16, 1865.

* * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel John Pinger, commanding Sub-District of Saint Joseph, Mo., will immediately detail one company of infantry, with officers complete, to report to commanding officer of the post at Macon, Mo., for duty without delay. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Macon, Mo., February 16, 1865.

Colonel JOHN PINGER,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

COLONEL: In acknowledgment and reply to your favor of the 8th instant, touching assessments on rebels for the benefit of suffering loyalists who have been plundered by bushwhackers, I would say that at present I am prohibited from making such assessments. The War Department has directed that assessments without special authority be not permitted. The principle of assessments I believe to be right, but it is difficult to carry out. We can hardly lay finger upon a rebel that he cannot procure the signature of loyal men asking that leniency be shown to the villain. We cannot even hang known bushwhacking, murderous citizens of Saint Joseph, for many besiege the President for [sic] or orders in commutation of sentence, &amp;c. We must struggle on and do the best we can. I hope for a more peaceful and quiet year than last, but to secure it every loyal man must stand shoulder to shoulder with his neighbor and show an unbroken front against the enemies of the country. You will at once give me full written report of the condition of affairs in your sub-district, by counties. What is being done under Governor Fletcher's General Orders, Numbers 3?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

