
tion of Dover, where I found the command. It being late in the day I camped for the night. Distance traveled on the second day, twenty-five miles. On the morning of the 3rd I received information that some four or five guerrillas had been seen lurking around in the neighborhood of the Widow Jay's farm, some four miles east of Dover on the Waverly road. I moved on the morning of the 3rd in search of the above-reported guerrillas. After arriving at the place I made a thorough search for them, but was unsuccessful. I then proceeded to the hose of Mrs. Jay, where I found one Savage revolver and a small lot of ammunition. I then moved with the command to Tabo Creek. I then proceeded up the creek some five miles above Dover, scouting the brush thoroughly in search of the enemy. It being late in the day, I stopped to feed. Not long after the command had stopped an accident happened to one of the enlisted men of my command, causing me to camp for the night. Distance traveled on third day, twenty miles. On the morning of the 4th I moved up on the west side of Tabo some nine miles, scouting the brush thoroughly in search of the enemy. Thence I moved across the creek in an easterly direction some eight or ten miles in the vicinity of the Oaklin Church. It being late in the day, I camped of the night in the vicinity of Oaklin Church. Distance traveled on the fourth day, twenty-five miles. On the morning of the 5th I moved with the command in a southwest direction to Davis' Creek, scouting the brush thoroughly for the enemy. I then moved with the command in the direction of Warrensburg, Mo., by way of Kirkpatrick's Mill, arriving at Camp Grover, near Warrensburg, Mo., on the evening of the 5th of February, 1865. Distance traveled, thirty miles on the 5th.

Your most obedient servant,

GEORGE T. HAMBLIN,

Captain Company I, 7th Cav. Mo. State Militia, Commanding Company.

Colonel J. F. PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

FEBRUARY 2-18, 1865. - Operations against Indians on the North Platte River in Colorado and Nebraska Territories.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Feb. 2, 1865. - Attack on the Overland Stage Station at Julesburg, Colo., Ter.

4-6, 1865. - Action of Mud Springs, Nebr. Ter.

8-9, 1865. - Action on the North Platte River, near Rush Creek, Nebr. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel William O. Collins, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Western Sub-District of Nebraska.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska. HDQRS. EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., February 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal instructions received from the general commanding district, I moved from this

