
FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 17, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Pacific House, Saint Joseph:

I saw Colonel Potter this morning and arranged everything. The line will go on without delay.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 23. Washington, February 17, 1865.

The Territory of Utah and that part of Nebraska Territory west of the twenty-seventh degree of longitude are added to the Department of the Missouri.

By order of the Secretary of War.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF FRANKLIN,Franklin, Mo., February 17, 1865.

Lieutenant HENRY HUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the order from headquarters First Sub-District, Saint Louis District, dated February 5, directing the impressment of rebels and rebel sympathizers to work on block-houses at Meramec bridge, is in process of execution. I have sent Lieutenant Henry in charge of a squad of men, with orders to send to these headquarters all and any reel sympathizers that he can find in the country of Franklin. On my return from leave of absence on the 12th I relieved Lieutenant Henry of the command of the post, and he informed me that the difficulty in procuring information is the reason of apparent delay in the execution of the order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. PITTS,

Captain, Seventh Kansas Veteran Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 17, 1865.

His Excellency THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your indorsement, with three inclosures, of date January 16 instant, relative to protection of western line of Pacific Railroad. I feel a lively interest in the completion of this road, and have to the utmost of my resources extended to the working parties on it protection. The limited force at my disposal has not allowed me to cover the entire line of the road west of this post. There are nineteen companies in this district, and I have kept one-fifth of the entire force in Jackson County and at Pleasant Hill, and at this time I have over one-fourth of my entire force in that locality. This, is my judgment, is ample for the protection of the road and our line of communication with Kansas City.

