
Colonel Harding, commanding that sub-district, seems quite energetic, and disposed to do all in his power for the protection of the interests of the road. The mustering out of some companies stationed in that locality has temporarily left this line comparatively unprotected. Other troops are on the move to supply the vacancy. Much of the danger and insecurity felt by the railroad contractors is more apprehended than real. Everything, however, possible to be done to quiet these fears and remove all true cause of fear and danger shall be done. The spiriting away of a horse or mule now and then from their corral it is not possible to guard against, as the employees on the road may not be innocent of this mode of speculation. We are diligently at work organizing the companies of volunteer militia authorized by General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from State headquarters. The greatest objection recruiting officers have to contend with is the liability of men after the enlistment to the draft. I hope to succeed, however, notwithstanding this difficulty. Jackson County promises to give me her company at an early day. Her population fit to be intrusted with arms is so thinned out that it may be difficult to organize more that one company there. I will see first what success we meet with in organizing the one already authorized before asking for another. I have applied through Major-General Dodge for permission to organize a company in Cass County. This is a positive necessity, and I trust, governor, that you will authorize its acceptance at once. The Missouri State Militia are now being mustered out every week, company after company. Soon they will disappear. It therefore has become a matter of the utmost importance that as many of the mounted militia companies as is necessary to cover the trouble portions of the district be organized and prepared for active duty immediately.

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Dist.

WARRENSBURG, MO., February 17, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City:

The contractors on Pacific Railroad complain bitterly of depredations committed on them by outlaws in Jackson County and the great want of protection. Telegraph me at what point your troops are now stationed, and what you know of bushwhackers and thieves disturbing hands on the road.

J. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., February 17, 1865.

Colonel J. F. PHILIPS:

I have just arrived from Hickman Mills. Affairs there are in a bad state, and I have no doubt the settlement will be destroyed after Company C leaves, unless troops are sent there. They start on the 19th. To-morrow the citizens are to assemble to raise recruits for the Jackson County Militia Cavalry, but they are not armed. Can you not send twenty-five mounted men to remain there for a fortnight? To-morrow Company D goes out, and I have none left but Captain Peery's

