
company. Will you procure me the authority to accept two companies from Jackson, one from Cass and Bates? I leave in the morning for Kansas City.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., February 17, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I have ordered three companies of the First Missouri State Militia, all that is now left here of this command, to Pleasant Hill, to report to you for further orders. I have also ordered one company to Kingsville. This throws one-half of the force in this part of the district to the west. I have applied for authority to raise one company in Cass. Arms for your recruits can be had as soon as organized. Captain Little left here this morning to recruit company. Await his arrival at Pleasant Hill. Get the people to join the militia and fight, not to run.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

DAVIS' MILL, OZARK COUNTY, MO., February 17, 1865.

General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding Southern District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate to you the following report: I can inform you that there is living in this vicinity of country a band of lawless men who are roaming through the country, making expeditions into Arkansas and the southern parts of this county, taking the property of individuals and converting the same to their own use. They also destroy the property of women and orphan children. They report to me that they have verbal orders to do these things. I can say to you that if such conduct is allowed that this country is bound to be evacuated, for they do not seem to make any distinction between loyal and disloyal citizens. I desire that you will inform me what I must do in the present condition of things, as there are daily complaints made to me by good, loyal citizens of this country of the bad conduct of these men.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

WILLIAM J. PILAND,

Captain Company I, Forty-sixth Regiment Missouri Vol. Infty.

WESTON, February 17, 1865.

General FISK:

I shall be in Macon on morning train, and desire to see you.

DODGE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 35. Macon, Mo., February 17, 1865.

* * * *

V. Company F, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will relive Company D, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, now on duty at

