
enough to enable me to designate the precise point of attack, but it is inferred that it may be either Wilmington or Charleston. I have imparted this intelligence to the Secretary of the Navy, but it is also deemed advisable to apprise you of it in order that all practicable precautions may be adopted toward meeting any such attack.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 20, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Grant.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following order of information received at this office this 18th day of February, 1865: A communication from Colonel B. R. Townsend, Cedar Keys, Fla., January 1, 1865, states that all rebel forces have been withdrawn from his vicinity and have been sent to join Hood. A communication from the same officer of January 12 states that three Federal prisoners arrived at his post from the rebel lines. These men state that there are 2,700 Federal prisoners under guard of two rebel regiments at Thomasville, Ga. (at the terminus of the Savannah and Thomasville road). This place is about 110 miles from Cedar Keys, Fla. Prisoners at Thomasville were confined at Millen, Ga., until the march of Sherman through Georgia, when they were removed to Thomasville. They are in a suffering condition, having been deprived of nearly all their clothes, and are very poorly fed. A communication from Captain A. G. Fitz, Port Hudson, February 12, 1865, states he has learned that Scott was in Clinton, La., on the 10th, and was concentrating the rebel forces in that vicinity for the purpose (as supposed) of making a demonstration toward Port Hudson. Scott has less than 1,000 men and five pieces of artillery. Colonel Powell went toward Mobile on the 10th. He had two pieces of artillery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 81. Washington, February 18, 1865.

* * * *

21. Brigadier General Thomas Kilby Smith, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to rejoin his proper command, via the Ohio River.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

