
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 20. New Orleans, La., February 18, 1865.

I. The reserve of this military division is designated as the Thirteenth Army Corps, and the infantry divisions from the Army of the Cumberland, with such additions as hereafter may be made, as the Sixteenth Army Corps, subject to the approval of the President. Major General Gordon Granger is assigned to the command of the Thirteenth, and Major General A. J. Smith to the command of the Sixteenth Army Corps.

II. The chief quartermaster, commissary, engineer, ordnance, and medical officers at these headquarters will assign an officer of their departments to each of the infantry divisions and cavalry brigades that are to already provided. Division commanders will appoint the inspectors and provost-marshals, subject to the approval the mustering officers for their divisions. The same rule, except in the case of mustering officers, will apply to infantry brigades when detached from their divisions.

III. Special assignments of staff officers, according to circumstances, will be made for the Engineer Brigade and for the siege and reserve trains.

IV. The staff of division and brigade commanders will be limited to the officers indicated in paragraph 2, and to their assistant adjutant-general and personal aides, and no other staff or acting staff officers will be allowed, except upon the special recommendation of the corps commanders.

V. All officers in excess of this allowance will at once be relieved and sent to their regiments, and all officers and enlisted men belonging to regiments that are in the field, or under orders for the field, will be sent to their regiments without delay.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 18, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Southern Division of Louisiana:

In reply to your letter of yesterday's date, relating to the movement of troops from your command, I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to inform you, that he has no white regiment at this disposal to order here to replace those now under orders to leave. He can give you a colored regiment if it can be made available.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 46. New Orleans, February 18, 1865.

* * * *

5. The First Company Pontoniers will proceed without delay to Mobile Point, Ala., and report upon arrival to Major General Gordon

