
Granger, commanding District of West Florida and South Alabama, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF FLORIDA, Numbers 55. New Orleans, February 18, 1865.

* * * *

3. In obedience to orders from headquarters Department of the Gulf the Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteers will immediately be put en route for Dauphin Island, Ala., where its commanding officer will report for duty to Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, February 18, 1865.

Colonel WILLIARD SAYLES,

Commanding Third Rhode Island Cavalry:

(Through General Cameron.)

Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to inform you that your report of the 10th instant* has been received, together with one sent by Lieutenant Miles, topographical officer of the recent expedition under your command. The topographical portion of the report of this expedition is highly satisfactory, but you are desired to amend your report so far as to state more explicitly as to the amount of arms seized from persons on the ground of their having no authority to keep them. The names of the persons from whom the arms were seized must be stated, as well as the number and kind of arms. Your attention is also respectfully called to the fifth paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 45, series of 1864, from these headquarters. The report on the seizure of private property for public use is unsatisfactory. It should be reported what officer was ordered to seize the property, and what officer is accountable for it to the United States, in order that the staff departments can follow it up in the settlement of the accounts of claimants.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 18, 1865.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: I do not consider it wise or necessary to exempt the fire companies of Baton Rouge from draft. With the immense Government

---------------

*See p. 76.

---------------

