
property in this city and with their complete but rigidly limited fire department I did so consider. Unless the draft should work very strangely at Baton Rouge there will be members enough left to keep it as effective as it ever was. Here, with steam fire-engines and telegraph department, it is otherwise.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 18, 1865.

E. B. TURNER,

Local Special Agent, Baton Rouge, La.:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your note of to-day permit me to state that plantations in East Baton Rouge Parish north of Bayou Manchac and west of the Comite and Amite Rivers as far north as Port Hudson come, in my opinion, within the orders of Major-Generals Canby and Hurlbut. From Port Hudson north to the limits of this division all plantations on the Mississippi River or within a few miles back should be included; on the west bank of the Mississippi all plantations on the river from Donaldsonville to the mouth of Red River and within a range of five miles back. When plantations are outside of our actual lines of pickets or back from the river great care should be taken that none but proper persons are permitted to register and receive the benefits of the new regulations, and all such persons should be compelled to produce references as to their character and good intentions. After registration they will be held responsible for good order and peace within their neighborhoods. I will issue a circular on this point, copies of which will be furnished you for distribution among persons registering.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,On Steamer Brilliant, February 18, 1865.

Brigadier General J. MCARTHUR,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you commence re-embarking your command on the same transports at as early an hour to-morrow as possible, taking rations and forage to include the 25th instant. Also that you send into these headquarters a list of the transports carrying troops of your command, with statement of what troops are on each boat.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General K. Garrard, commanding Second Division; Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding Third Division; Captain J. W. Lowell, commanding Artillery Brigade; Commanding Officer Cavalry Division, and Commanding Officer Pontoniers.)

