SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 44. Little Rock, Ark., February 18, 1865.

1. The Fortieth Iowa Infantry Volunteers is transferred from the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade, Third Division, and will proceed without delay to Fort Smith, Ark., and report to Brigadier General C. Bussey, commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

4. The Twelfth Regiment Kansas Infantry Volunteers is transferred from the First Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade, First Division, and will be reported to the commanding officer of that brigade at Little Rock without delay. the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

5. The Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted) is transferred from the Second Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade of Second Division, and will proceed without delay to Devall's Bluff, Ark., and be reported to Brigadier-General Shaler, commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

6. The Thirteenth Kansas Infantry Volunteers is transferred from the First Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, to t he First Brigade of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade of the Division, and will proceed without delay to Saint Charles, Ark., for duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. The Second Kansas Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted) is transferred from the Second Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade, First Division, and will proceed without delay to Lewisburg, Ark., for duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

9. The First Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted) is transferred from the Second Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, to the First Brigade of same division, receiving instructions from Brigadier General C. Bussey, commanding division, as to duty.

10. On the arrival of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted) at Devall's Bluff the Sixty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry will be relieved and proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., reporting on arrival to the commanding officer of that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

11. On the arrival of the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry at Saint Charles, Ark., the Fifty-third U. S. Colored Infantry will be relieved and will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., reporting on arrival to the commanding officer of that post.

* * * *

14. The Cavalry Brigade of the post of Little Rock, Ark., is attached for mustering purposes to the First Division, Seventh Army Corps, headquarters at Little Rock.

* * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 29. Little Rock, Ark., February 18, 1865.

I. Colonel John A. Garrett, Fortieth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 44, Department of Arkansas, series 1865,

