
is hereby relieved from the command of the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will turn over to Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Dengler, Forty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the records pertaining to the First Brigade.

II. Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Dengler, Forty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. S. KENDRICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., February 18, 1865.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Commanding Third Div., Seventh Army Corps, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: Orders have issued from these headquarters directing the transfer from your (Third) division to the First and Second Divisions of the Seventh Army Corps of the following-named regiments, viz: Second Kansas Cavalry (dismounted), Sixth Kansas Cavalry (dismounted), Twelfth Kansas Infantry, Thirteenth Kansas Infantry. It is expected that all officers and enlisted men of these commands on detached duty at Fort Smith or vicinity will be relieved and accompany their respective regiments.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, MO., February 18, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I have the honor to report that I have received information that a concentrating of from 400 to 600 rebels is being made in the southeast part of this district. I have deemed it sufficiently reliable to order Colonel Catherwood with 200 men to Licking.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 35. Rolla, Mo., February 18, 1865.

* * * *

7. Colonel E. C. Catherwood, commanding Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, will move on the 9th instant will 100 men of his command, properly officered, and detachment of Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, to Licking, Texas County, Mo. On arriving at Licking the troops under the command of Colonel Catherwood, united with the detachment of Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry, under command of Captain William Monks, will be employed in scouting the country toward Thomasville and the Arkansas line. When Colonel Catherwood deems it necessary to employ all of his force in scouting, the citizens of Licking will be called upon to

