
and sufferings of the hardships of this cruel God-forsaken rebellion. We have lost all that we had possession of when this war was forced upon us. Our houses have all been burned, with everything in them; our wives and children turned out without anything at all; our farms laid waste; and all this just because we are loyal to the old flag of the Union. Now, Mr. President, direct your attention to the Southwest Branch Railroad, so that we can have facilities for troops, and our words, with our lives if necessary, that all will be well. Mr. President, I know that giving us this road as a military necessity will give general satisfaction to all the loyal families in Southwest Missouri and place hundreds of women and children back at home who have been refugees from home since 1862; and further, Mr. President, I am satisfied that you could make it a great saving to the Government with the proceeds of the lands granted by Congress to be used for the benefit of said Southwest Branch Railroad, with the saving of the transportation of the use of the Army of the Southwest from Rolla to Springfield, and the extreme southwest would refund and save a sufficient amount to make it a paying institution to the United States.

I am, your humble servant,

C. B. WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 18, 1865.

His Excellency THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that the term of service of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry has expired or is about expiring. The term of service of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry expires on the 1st day of July next. The above organizations constitute all the U. S. troops now on duty in this district, with the exception of one battery of artillery. The enemy still has four regiments of cavalry north of the Arkansas River, which have occupied winter quarter at Crowley's Ridge, and have also many bands of guerrillas and rangers, and my information is that many companies are organizing on Red River and in Texas, with a view of coming into this State during the summer and autumn. During the fifteen months that I have commanded here I have had at no time less than four mounted regiments, and most of the time five regiments. With this force the enemy has been kept out of the district and very severely punished, losing the first four months of 1864 not less than 800 killed. Since that time there has been very little loss of life by either side, except during the raid by General price, when the enemy's loss in the district, outside of what he sustained at Newtonia, was at least 200 men killed. During the time above mentioned the confidence of the people has been much restored. They apply themselves to the pursuit of agriculture with increased diligence and zeal, and all that seems now to be required to restore to this section of the State its former prosperity and peace is an assurance to the people that the Federal and State authority will be strongly and earnestly maintained here. To do this for the coming year, in my judgment, at least, requires three regiments of cavalry and one battery of field artillery, or an equivalent force. I deem it better to have a portion of this force volunteer militia organization, and respectfully recommend that the following

57 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

