
force be ordered to be organized for this district, and that the same be at Springfield ready for active service by the 20th day of June next, viz: Two regiments of cavalry, one company of volunteer militia for Ozark and Douglas Counties, one company of volunteer militia for Taney County, one company of volunteer militia at Stone County, one company of volunteer militia at Barry and McDonald Counties, one company of volunteer militia at Newton County, one company of volunteer militia at Jasper County, one company of volunteer militia at Barton County, one company of volunteer militia at Vernon County, one company of volunteer militia at Saint Clair County, one company of volunteer militia at Hickory County, one company of volunteer militia at Camden County, one company of volunteer militia at Wright County.

The advantage of holding these border counties by volunteer militia organization is twofold: First. The organizations are made up of men who reside in or have been driven from these counties, and, in addition to being acquainted with all roads and by-ways, have a great personal interest in restoring the State authority and filling up these counties with a loyal population. Second. These men thus joining an organization and going back to their old homes to serve induce most of those loyal families who have been driven from their homes to return also and raise corps, and thus these depopulated counties become again settled with a loyal population, a most desirable result that cannot be so speedily attained by simple military occupation with a Federal force. When these counties are once more settled up with loyal people the interior of the district, and almost that of the State, becomes safe from guerrilla raids, as the danger becomes so great getting into and out of the State. I therefore respectfully recommend that such steps be taken and such orders issued by Your Excellency as may be necessary to perfect the above organizations at the earliest time practicable. If authority to organize the companies of volunteer militia is granted, recommendations for officers will at once be made, or the authority granted to such citizens as seem best fitted for the positions. A regiment of cavalry for one or two years' service can be recruited in the district, in addition to the Fourteenth, now being organized by Colonel Gravely, if the authority to recruit it should authorize recruiting from citizens and also from all the regiments whose term of service expires on or before July 1, 1865. I have transmitted a duplicate of this communication to Major-General Dodge, commanding department, for his approval if it meets hie views.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 36. Fort Riley, Kans., February 18, 1865.

1. Companies C and E, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, now at Fort Larned, Kans., are hereby relieved from duty at that place and will immediately rejoin their regiment at Fort Riley, Kans., under marching orders to Fort Kearny.

* * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

