
DENVER, February 18, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

There is not sufficient corn to supply command, including militia, for one month. No hay for most of the route; must be saving. Corn cannot be had. Cannot some be sent from Leavenworth? About 100 Indian ponies captured. Good for nothing; should be sold. Send authority. Eat their heads off before spring.

MOONLIGHT,

Colonel, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 4. Santa Fe. N. Mex., February 18, 1865.

I. The following record of combats with Indians on the part of the troops, as well as on that of citizens of New Mexico and Arizona, during the year 1864, is published for the information of all concerned. Only those operations are mentioned which were attended with results, either in our favor or against us, and they are about as one to four, so that the account which follows shows but a faint idea of the work performed. It is possible that there may have been some robberies which are not mentioned here, but if so no authentic report of them has been received.

II. The number of Indians on the reservation at the Bosque Redondo, as shown by General Orders, Numbers 3, series of 1864, from these headquarters, was 703 Apaches and Navajoes on the 31st day of December of that year:

January. -Major Sena, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with his command arrived at Fort Canby, bringing in 344 Navajo prisoners.

January 3. -Wagon-Master Russell's train, en route to Fort Canby, N. Mex., was attacked near the Puerco by about 150 Navajo Indians. Mr. Russell was killed; Mr. Strong and two teamsters wounded. The three lead wagons were cut off and twenty mules were taken by the Indians, together with some corn, blankets, &c. This information was forwarded to the commanding general of the department by Major John C. McFerran, chief quartermaster, with the following remarks: "Respectfully referred to the department commander for his information. This wagon-master, Russell, is Powell Russell, who entered the service of the quartermaster's departments as a teamster, a poor, illiterate boy, in 1853. By his honesty, industry, modesty, truth, and energy he rose to be the principal or head wagon-master in the department. This position he has filled to the perfect satisfaction of every one, and has now fallen, like a true man as he was, at his post and doing his duty. It will be very, very difficult to replace him. "

January 5. -Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Whipple, Ariz, reports that the Penal Apaches run off eleven head of Government cattle at Walker's Mines. A party under Captain Hargrave was sent in pursuit, but failed to overtake the Indians.

January 6. -Captain Julius C. Shaw, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, commanding Fort Wingate, reports that four Navajo Indians surrendered themselves at that post. Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry, commanding Fort Sumner, N. Mex., reports that on the morning of the 5th instant the Navajoes run off the Apache herd from that post. Lieutenant Newbold, Fifth U. S. Infantry, with ten mounted men of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers and Fifth U. S. Infantry, were sent in pursuit, accompanied by Mr. Labadie, Indian agent,

