
of the cannon, came into camp and reported having passed through the canon without a single casualty in his command. He killed 3 Indians and brought in 19 prisoners, women and children. One the 15th instant sixty Indians arrived in camp and surrendered themselves as prisoners. On the same day a party under command of Captain Joseph Berney killed 2 Indians and captured 4. One hundred and ten Indians surrendered to Captain Carey's command while upon its return march to Fort Canby. Result of this expedition: Indians killed, 23; wounded, 5; prisoners, 34; voluntarily surrendered, 200, and 200 head of sheep and goats captured.

January 24. -A party of thirty Americans and fourteen Maricopa and Pimo Indians, under Colonel King S. Woolsey, aide to the governor of Arizona, attacked a band of Gila Apaches sixty or seventy miles northeast of the Pimo villages, and killed 19 of them and wounded others. Mr. Cyrus Lennon, of Woolsey's party, was killed by a wounded Indian.

January 26. -Lieutenant Thomas A. Young, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with one sergeant and eleven privates of the California Volunteers, started from Fort Craig, N. Mex., on a scout after Indians. On the 28th instant the party was attacked by about sixty Indians, who wounded Lieutenant Young, Sergt. Thomas Richards, and Privates Harvey M. McConkey, Thomas Clark, and Lewis W. Mann, of Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers. In this affair 7 Indians were killed. The party not being strong enough to continue the fight returned to Fort Craig on the 30th instant.

January. -The militia of Socorro County, N. Mex., under General Stanislaus Montoya, on a scout near Sierra Datil, killed 20 Indians and took 20 prisoners.

February 2. -Major E. W. Eaton, commanding Fort Wingate, sent 200 Indians from that post to Los Pinos, en route to the Bosque Redondo. The chief, Delgadito, arrived at Fort Wingate this day with 680 Indians.

February 14. -Captain A. B. Carey, U. S. Army, commanding Fort Canby, N. Mex., reports the arrival at that post of Soldado Surdo with his herd; also that there are 1,000 prisoners now at that post. Captain Joseph Berney, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, arrived at Los Pinos this day, bringing in 175 Navajo prisoners.

February 24. -Captain A. B. Carey, commanding the Navajo expedition, reports that he has forwarded 175 Navajoes to the Bosque Redondo since last report, and that there are now 1,500 Navajoes at Fort Canby awaiting transportation. Lieutenant Martin Mullins, U. S. Army, commanding at Los Pinos, N. Mex., reports that to present date 2,019 Navajoes have arrived at that post, en route to Fort Sumner, and that there are 1,445 now at the post awaiting transportation. Captain James H. Whitlock, with twenty-one men of his company (F, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers), left camp on the Miebres, N. Mex., on the 24th day of February, on a scout after Apache Indians. At about 5 p. m., on the 25th, he came up to a party of nineteen Indians, attached and killed 13 of them and wounded the others, and captured 1 Indian pony. The command returned to camp on the 29th, without the slightest accident of any kind.

February 25. -Three Indian women escaped from the detachment commanded by Lieutenant W. B. Smith, First Infantry California Volunteers, while en route from For Union to the Bosque Redondo.

February 28. -Captain A. B. Carey reports that there are 2,500 Navajoes at Fort Canby awaiting transportation to the Bosque Redondo.

