
March 4. -Two thousand one hundred and thirty-eight Navajoes were this day forwarded from Fort Canby to be Bosque Redondo, having in their possession 473 horses and 3,000 sheep. One hundred and twenty-six Indians died at Fort Canby between the 20th of February and March 4.

March 7. -Lieutenant Hodt, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with twenty-five enlisted men, left Fort Canby on a scout, in search of Indians who had stolen 18 horses and mules from Caballo Prieto, chief, who had surrendered. The thieves, four in number, were captured near Zuni, and eleven head of the stock recovered.

March 8. -Captain Quirino Maes, from Conejos, Colo Ter., with an independent company of sixty-seven men, arrived at Pueblo, Colo. This company, had been operating against the Navajoes since the 1st of January, 1864, and had killed 26 Indians and captured 4. Five horses were taken from the Indians.

March 14. -Captain Joseph Berney arrived at Fort Sumner with 1,430 Navajo prisoners. Ten Indians died on the road from Los Pinos.

March 18. -Eight mounted Indians made an attack upon a Government herd at Cow Springs, N. Mex., and drove off 68 mules, 4 Government and 2 private horses. The Indians were pursued by Lieutenant H. H. Stevens, Fifth California Infantry, with nine, for a considerable distance, but they escaped with the stock. Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, with forty enlisted men, and fourteen citizens, fell in with a party of Apaches near the San Francisco River, Ariz. Killed 5 Indians and lost 1 man, Private Fisher, of Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

March 27. -Fifty-five Navajoes surrendered at Fort Canby, N. Mex., eight of whom died. They had sixty-two head of sheep and goats.

March 29. -Eighty-six Navajoes arrived at Los Pinos, N. Mex., en route to Fort Sumner, having with them 6 horses and 2 mules.

March. -The Apache Indians attacked Mr. Goodhue and four other persons between the Hasiampa and Granite Creek. Goodhue was killed. The men with his succeeded in driving the Indians off. The Indians also attacked a train of wagons near Weaver, Ariz., and mortally wounded a Mr. Rykman and Mexican. Another of the party was slightly wounded. The Indians took all the stock and plundered the wagons.

April 3. -Eighty-six Navajoes surrendered at Fort Canby, two of whom died. These Indians have 120 sheep and goats and 6 horses.

April 5. -Captain Francis McCabe, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, arrived at Los Pinos, N. Mex., bringing 720 Navajo Indians.

April 7. -Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with a command consisting of twenty-six enlisted men of Company F, and twenty enlisted men of Company I, under Lieutenant Burkett, and ten enlisted men of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, attacked about 250 Indians near Mount Grey or Sierra Bonita, Ariz., and after a spirited fight of over one hour routed the Indians, killing 21 of them, left on the ground, and wounding a large number. Forty-five head of horses and mules were captured from the Indians and all their provisions and camp equipage destroyed.

April 10. -Seventy-eight Navajoes surrendered at Fort Canby, having in their possession 1 horse and 150 head of sheep and goats.

April 11. -Major Edward B. Willis, commanding Fort Whipple, Ariz., reports that Colonel King S. Woolsey, with his party, surprised an Indian rancheria, killing 14 Indians, who were left on the ground, and wound-

