
ing others, who escaped. A small party of California volunteers, who were sent with Colonel Woolsey, behaved well, Privates Beach and Holman, of Company F, killing 5 of the Indians.

April. -Lieutenant Martin Quintana, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, reports that while en route from Moqui to Fort Canby 4 Indians delivered themselves up to his command.

April 24. -One hundred and nine Navajoes surrendered themselves at Fort Canby between April 18 and April 24. These Indians had 159 head of horses and 230 head of sheep and goats.

May 1. -Three hundred and ninety-two Navajoes surrendered themselves at Fort Canby since last report, making the total number on hand at that post 623. They have altogether 320 head of horses and 650 head of sheep. Forty-two Mescalero Apaches, including Ojo Blanco, escaped from the Indian reservation at Fort Sumner and returned to their own country. This party voluntarily returned to the reservation on the 16th of September. Shortly afterward Ojo Blanco died.

May 3. -Lieutenant Henry H. Stevens, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with a command of fifty-four men, California Volunteers, while on the march from Fort Cummings to Fort Bowie, Ariz., was attacked in Doubtful Canon, near Steen's Peak, by about 100 Apache Indians. The fight lasted for nearly two hours and resulted in the killing of 10 Apaches, who were left on the ground, and wounding about 20. The troops lost in this affair, 1 man missing and 5 wounded, 1 mortally; 1 horse killed and 1 wounded.

May 9. -Captain Charles P. Marion reports that while on a scout near Zuni 500 Navajoes surrendered themselves to his command. These Indians had in their possession 1,000 horses and over 5,000 sheep and goats.

May 11. - The Apache Indians ran off two horses from the ranch of Mr. Stipich, a farmer on the Rio Bonito. They were pursued by Second Lieutenant S. L. Snyder and thirteen men of Company A, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, but were not overtaken.

May 13. - Seven hundred and seventy-seven Navajo Indians arrived at Fort Sumner this day.

May 25. -Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, with Captain T. T. Tidball, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers and 102 enlisted men, cavalry and infantry, started from Fort Bowie on a scout after Indians. On the 25th instant surprised a rancheria and killed 1 Indian. Later the same day killed 1 Indian and captured 1.

May 26. -On the 26th instant came upon a rancheria; killed 1 Indian and destroyed several acres of corn. In this skirmish First Sergt. Christian Foster, of Company K, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, was severely wounded. On the same day 1 woman and 2 Indian children were captured. On the 28th captured 5 women and 2 children.

May 29. -On the 29th instant the command surprised a rancheria and killed 36, wounded 4, and took 2 prisoners. Captured $660 in gold coin, 1 Sharps carbine, 1 Colt revolver, 1 shotgun, 1 saddle, 1,000 pounds of mescal, and a lot of those equipments, powder, powder-horns, &amp;c. Sergt. Charles Brown, of Company K, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is mentioned in Captain Tidball's report for his zeal and energy in this scout. Captain George A. Burkett with thirty-three enlisted men of Company I, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, surprised an Indian rancheria, on the Rio de Mescal, and killed 13, wounded 13, and took 3 prisoners; captured 1 mule, 3 horses, 1 Sharps carbine, 1 saddle and saddlebags, 1 ton of mescal, and a small quantity

