
of powder. The command destroyed some fields of corn and wheat. A portion of the mescal was kept to feed the prisoners. The balance was destroyed.

June 3. -Five hundred and forty Navajoes arrived at Los Pinos this day who had 190 horses and 294 sheep and goats. These Indians, with 200 others, were forwarded to Fort Sumner. The Apache Indians attacked a party of five miners near Fort Whipple, Ariz., and wounded every man in the party.

June 7. -Captain Julius C. Shaw, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with his command attacked a rancheria near Apache Spring. Two Indians were mortally wounded.

June 11. -Four Apaches attacked a party of soldiers under Captain T. T. Tidball near San Pedro Crossing, but did not succeed in doing any damage. The troops wounded 1 of the Indians.

June 20. -Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, reports that a detachment under his command attacked a party of Apache Indians near Salinas River, Ariz., and killed 4 of them. The express escort between Camp Goodwin and Fort Bowie was attacked by a party of Indians while crossing the Chiricahui Mountains. The Indians were whipped off by the escort. Several Indians reported wounded. Four burros were taken from the Indians.

June. -Captain Albert H. Pfeiffer, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with one lieutenant and sixty-four enlisted men attacked a band of Indians near the Colorado Chiquito, Ariz., and in a running fight of eight miles killed 5 and wounded 7 of them. After the fight was over two Indians came into camp with sings of peace, but in a moment fired their guns, severely wounding Captain Pfeiffer and Private Pedro Rale. The Indians were instantly killed. when the shots were fired a large party of Indians came running toward the camp. A volley was fired into them, when they scattered in all directions. This volley wounded several.

June 28. -Captain James H. Whitlock, commanding Camp Miembres, reports that he left the post on the 21st instant on a scout after Indians. On 22nd came upon a party of 3 Indians, 2 of whom were killed and the other captured.

July 10. -Lieutenant Antonio Abeytia, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, while en route from Fort Wingate to Los Pinos, N. Mex., with 26 Navajoes and 7 Apache Indian prisoners, came upon a party of Navajoes at Fish Spring, numbering 375, coming in to surrender themselves and go to the reservation. These Indians had in their possession 300 horses, 16 mules, 1,085 sheep, and 350 goats. This party was turned over to the commanding officer at Los Pinos.

July. -Captain Saturnine Baca, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with fifty-three enlisted men left Fort Canby on the 9th instant on a scout after Indians; marched to the Little Colorado River. He returned to Fort Canby on the 21st instant. On this scout 6 Indians were killed and 6 taken prisoners, 2 horses and 2 mules captured, and large quantities of corn, wheat, beans, &amp;c., destroyed.

August 1. -Captain T. T. Tidball, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, returned from a scout of twenty-three days. He reports that he saw but few Indians, and killed but 1, an Apache chief called Old Plume.

