
August 1. -Four Mexican citizens are reported as having been killed by the Apache Indians at the Conchas. Twelve hundred and nine Navajoes and twelve Apaches left Los Pinos, N. Mex., for the Bosque Redondo. These Indians had in their possession 357 horses, 19 mules, and 2, 0005 sheep and goats.

August 3. -A band of Apache Indians, having captives, sheep, horses, burros, and cattle, were discovered near Alamo Gordo by Delgadito Chiquito, Navajo chief, who sent a messenger to Fort Sumner to inform the commanding officer of the fact. Thirty-five men of the California cavalry were sent in pursuit, also a strong party of Navajoes from the reservation. In the meantime Delgadito's party attacked the Apaches and were defeated, with a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded, almost the latter Delgadito himself. The party of Navajoes from the post came upon the Apaches and took from them 500 sheep and 13 burros.

August 6. -Mr. Charles G. Parker's train, en route to Chihuahua, Mexico, was attacked by the Mescalero Apaches twenty miles below the Gallinas Mountains. The Indians drove off about fifty mules. They were followed by the wagon-master and some teamsters, but succeeded in driving off the animals. Two men were severely wounded.

August 7. -Sergt. B. F. Ferguson, of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with a party of men, attacked fifteen Apaches who were seen approaching the camp on the Rio Carlos, and killed 5 of them.

August. -The command which left Fort Cummings on the 5th day of August on a scout to Lake Guzman killed 1 Indian near the Florida mountains. Very few Indians were seen, they having evidently deserted the country on the approach of the troops, who on this scout marched 1,200 miles.

August 13. -Lieutenant Henry Becker, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, left Fort Canby, N. Mex., with 92 Indian prisoners and 800 head of sheep. On the route to Los Pinos he was joined by 151 Indians, having in their possession 700 sheep and 85 horses. The Indians and stock were turned over to the commanding officer at Los Pinos.

August. -Colonel King S. Woolsey reports that while on a scout after Indians near the Rio Prieto one of his men, named J. W. Beauchamp, was waylaid and killed by the Apache Indians.

August. -Major Thomas J. Blakeney, First Cavalry California Volunteers, on a scout of thirty days after Apache Indians, killed 10 and captured 2 Indians, and destroyed 20 acres of corn and large quantities of pumpkins, beans, &amp;c.

August. -Captain Henry A. Greene, First Infantry California Volunteers, on a scout after Indians from Fort McRae, N. Mex., killed 5 Indians and captured 6; 19 head of beef-cattle were recovered from the Indians.

August. -Captain John S. Thayer, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, left Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter., with his company on a scout after Indians. On the fourth day out the company destroyed about seventy acres of corn; also several small fields of beans and pumpkins. On the sixth day came upon a party of Indians. Wounded several and captured 1, who was afterward shot while attempting to escape. A Mexican captive was rescued from these Indians. On the eighth day out attacked a party of Indians and killed 6 and wounded 2.

August 25. -Captain Francis McCabe, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, reports that while on a scout after Indians in the Sacramento

