
Mountains he detached a party under Lieutenant Henry W. Gilbert, of the same regiment, to follow the trail of the Indians. Lieutenant Gilbert took with him twenty men. The party, although warned by the guide, marched in a body directly into an ambush, when Lieutenant Gilbert was killed at the first fire. The guide Sanches and Private Ma. Sandoval were killed and 3 men wounded; 1 Apache killed and 5 wounded. This command were leading their horses when the attack was made. The men after the fall of their officer shamefully abandoned their horses. The Indians got the most of the horses and equipments.

September 19. -Lieutenant Patrick Healy, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, with a detachment of ten men, while in pursuit of Indians, entered the town of Canda de Alamosa, N. Mex., where 5 Indians were captured. One of the Indians afterward made his escape.

September 25. -Captain William Ayres, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, learning that a party of Indians were at Canado de Alamosa, started in pursuit of them and succeeded in capturing 1 man, 4 women, and 1 child. The others made their escape to the mountains.

October 20. -A band of Navajo Indians attacked Mr. Huning's train, on the Colorado Chiquito, and succeeded in driving off 700 or 800 head of sheep, the property of Captain Joseph P. Hargrave.

November 6. -Some Indians are said to have run off 500 sheep from the headwaters of the Rio Puero, belonging to Don Inez Perea.

November 8. -On the 8th of November some Navajoes and Apaches from the west run off 3,000 head of sheep belonging to Don Jose Pine y Vaca, four miles from Limitar, N. Mex., and killed four pastores, who had the sheep in charge. Their names were Antonio Gallegos, Ramaldo Peralta, Francisco Capillo, and Lenovio Sarcilla. Instructions were sent to Major Eaton, commanding at Fort Wingate, to cross the country to the Rito Quemado and endeavor to cut the trail of the Indians.

November 9. -A Navajo Indian found lurking near the Government herd at Fort Sumner was arrested by the herd guard, and in attempting to make his escape was killed.

November 25. -Colonel Christopher Carson, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with the command, consisting of 14 commissioned officers, 321 enlisted men, and 75 Indians, Apaches and Utes, attacked a Kiowa village of about 150 lodges, near the adobe Fort on the Canadian River in Texas, and after a severe fight compelled the Indians to retreat, with a loss of sixty killed and wounded. The village was then destroyed. The engagement commenced at 8. 30 a. m. and lasted without intermission until sunset. In this fight Privates John H. O'Donnell and John Sullivan, of Company M, First Cavalry California Volunteers, were killed, and Corpl. D. M. Newman, Privates Theodore Briggs, T. Jamieson, [John W.] Mapes, Jasper Winanat, J. Horsley, of Company B, and [Henry C.] Holzgrofen, of Company G, First Cavalry California Volunteers; Antonio Duro and Antonio Sanches, of Company M, and H. Romero, of Company I, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, were wounded. Four Utes wounded. Colonel Carson in his report mentions the following officers as deserving the highest praise: Major California Volunteers; Captains Deus and Berney, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers; Lieutenant Pettis, First Infantry California Volunteers; Lieutenant Edgar, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers; and Asst. Surg. George S. Courtright, U. S. Volunteers. The command destroyed 150 lodges of the best manufacture, a large amount

