SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 50. New Orleans, La., February 19, 1865.

1. Upon his return from the leave of absence granted by Special Orders, Numbers 34, paragraph 5, current series, from these headquarters, Brigadier General M. K. Lawler, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the commanding general Department of the Gulf, for assignment to duty.

2. Brigadier General William A. Pile, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to report to Brigadier General John P. Hawkins for assignment to duty with his division of colored infantry now in process of organization.

3. The following-named officers will proceed without delay to Fort Gaines, Ala., and report to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty: Brigadier General William P. Benton, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers.

* * *

8. The following-named officers will report to Major General Gordon Granger for duty in the positions for which they have been recommended on the staff of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and will be respected accordingly until the action of the President is made known: Captain F. W. Emery, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. N. Shipley, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Captain John C. Palfrey, U. S. Corps of Engineers, assistant inspector-general; Captain W. L. Avery, aide-de-camp, senior aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant C. S. Sargent, Second Lieutenant Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 21. New Orleans, La., February 19, 1865.

In each division of the Thirteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps and in the division of colored troops there will be organized a pioneer company, to be composed of one captain, two first and two second lieutenants, eight sergeants, eight corporals, and eighty privates. The officers will be selected by the divisions commanders and the non-commissioned officers and privates by the commander of the pioneer company. The range of selection for officers will be limited to company officers, and for non-commissioned officers will include all he respective grades, except first sergeants of companies, care being taken that the selections shall be distributed as equally as possible, and that the men are selected for fitness or aptitude for pioneer duties. Where pioneer companies have already been formed the organization will conform to that above published, and each division will keep its company full and effective. The allowance of tools for each company will be 80 spades and shovels, 80 felling and 4 hand axes, 30 picks, 2 crosscut saws. and 1 chest of carpenter's tools.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Little Rock, Ark., February 19, 1865.

In accordance with paragraph 2, Special Orders, Numbers 29, headquarters First Division, Seventh Army Corps, dated February 18, 1865, the

