
undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps. The following-named officers are announced as the staff of the brigade commander: First Lieutenant Gustav Wagenfuer, adjutant Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Charles Storck, Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster; Asst. Surg. Colin G. Strong, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, senior surgeon.

ADOLPH DENGLER,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Ten., February 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

Herewith I inclose for the information of the major-general commanding the military division copies of a letter of Brigadier General Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, dated 7th instant, and my reply of this present date.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF TENNESSEE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, February 7, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Dept. of West Tenn. and Dist. of Memphis, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: This will be handed to your by James B. Bingham, of the city of Memphis, and chairman of the Union State executive committee for West Tennessee. I observe that by an order from General Canby, which has been promulgated in West Tennessee, a draft of one man in seven has been ordered in that district on the 15th instant. Without calling in question at this time either the legality or necessity for such draft in may portion of Tennessee, I have to request that said draft may be postponed, so far as Memphis and the Western District is concerned at least, until after our elections looking to the ratification of our constitution and the reorganization of civil authority shall have been held. Such postponement will very largely increase the number of voters at the elections to be held, and contribute not a little to restore quiet and confidence among the loyal people of West Tennessee. If after said elections shall have bene held, and the draft shall have been found to have emanated from proper authority, it shall be deemed necessary to get additional men in that way, it can then proceed without material injury to the Government or inconvenience or injustice to the people of Tennessee. Your compliance with the foregoing request will, I am satisfied, be promotive of great good to the loyal people of the Western District and will be properly appreciated by me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., February 19, 1865.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee, Nashville:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th instant, by the hands of Mr. Bingham, was handed tome by him yesterday. The draft ordered by

