
Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, had already occurred on the 15th instant. His order left no discretion in the matter to his department commanders. The quota for West Tennessee had previously been so nearly filled by voluntary enlistment of colored men that only a very small number were drafted, and of these it is not at all probable that a man will leave the State, and I do not think the election will be influence by the draft a single vote.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865.

Captain J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed herewith please find copies* of correspondence with headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, which explains itself. I want it distinctly understood that I do not "misunderstand. " I keep General Canby advised of the progress of this moving expedition by every boat bound down. General A. J. Smith's corps ought to get off by 6 this evening. They are loading rapidly. His troops have created no disorder here whatever. Upon the arrival of the first boat all the beer saloons were close and guarded. Wirt Adams and Forrest are at Jackson and Meridian arresting deserters and collecting furloughed men of Hood's army. Deserters are coming in occasionally, and many are crossing the river emigrating West. I think the gunboat are letting them cross.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865-10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Yours of the 16th received, in which you express the apprehension that you cipher dispatches of 3rd instant had been misunderstood. I send you a copy, colonel, also the original in cipher from which you will see that it could not be misunderstood. This copy is in the handwriting of your cipher clerk here, and the original in the handwriting of one of your cipher clerks below. Please notice that the word "cavalry' did not come here in the dispatch. Of course, I did not presume to give General A. J. Smith any orders, but gave him your dispatch of 3rd instant, as turned over to me by General Washburn, which he has now. None of General Wilson's cavalry have arrived. I inclose you a late rebel paper. I send this by an old acquaintance of mine from Pennsylvania, who is as reliable as an officer. I will advise you of the state of affairs here by every boat.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*See Christensen to Smith, February 16, p. 874, and Smith's reply next, post.

---------------

