
VICKSBURG, February 19, 1865-10 a. m.

(Received 20th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I will leave with my whole fleet to-morrow morning and report to your as soon as practicable. I left the cavalry at Cairo; they have not yet arrived. Please order the different stations from Morganza down to allow my fleet to pass at each.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,On board Steamer Brilliant, Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to New Orleans, La., starting from this port at 4 a. m. to-morrow, giving the signal of one long whistle for getting under way. The transports carrying troops of this command will move in fleet, the Second Division in advance, followed by the Third Division, Artillery Brigade, and First Division, in the order mentioned. After leaving this port you will proceed to New Orleans and report to these headquarters on steamer Brilliant. You will not touch at any of the intermediate points between here and New Orleans, except in case of urgent necessity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM G. MEAD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to New Orleans, Las., starting from this port at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, giving the signal of one long whistle for getting under way. The transports carrying troops of this command will move in fleet, the Second Division in advance, followed by the Third Division, Artillery Brigade, and First Division, in the order mentioned. After leaving this port you will proceed to New Orleans and report to these headquarters on steamer Brilliant. You will not touch at any of the intermediate points between here and New Orleans, except in case of urgent necessity. On passing the intermediate stations in the daytime it will not be necessary to give any signals, but at night blow one long and five very short whistles, that they may know what command is passing, and save unnecessary hailing.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,Near Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER THIRD BRIGADE:

COLONEL: Orders have been received to embark the command by regiments and brigades on the same boats as before, and that the com-

