
mand be supplied with rations and forage, &amp;c., to include the 25th instant. The baggage, rations, forage, &c., will be loaded to-day in order that the troops may be able to embark to-night or at daylight to-morrow morning. The five days' rations will be issued by the division commissary on the landing near division boats. You will detail one commissioned officer and fifty men to report to Lieutenant S. McKnight on steamer Kilgore at 7 a. m., to load division supply train. The detail will take with them their arms and rations, so that they will not have to return to the camp.

By order of Brigadier-General Garrard:

JAS. B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DETACH. ARMY OF THE TENN.,Vicksburg, Miss., February 19, 1865.

Colonel R. M. MOORE,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Detach. Army of the Tenn.:

COLONEL: The general commanding division directs me to say to you that owing to orders received from detachment headquarters the fleet will not start till after 12 o'clock and probably not till 3 a. m. to-morrow. There are several ports below this at which ordinarily the fleet would have to land and report. Arrangements have been made so that the fleet can pass without reporting. If the fleet passes during the night, one long and five very short whistles will be given to designate the command that is passing, the signal beginning with the John Kilgore. If the fleet passes the ports during the day no signals will be sounded. You will inform the masters of the transports carrying the troops of your command of the above signals, also of the change in the hour of departure, so that they may dampen down the fires. The transports will not touch at any of the intermediate points between here and New Orleans, except in case of urgent necessity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Saint Louis, February 19, 1865. (Received 1. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The President telegraphs to stop the collection of forfeited bonds. They are bonds taken on the system inaugurated by you, are purely military, and cannot be collected by a civil court. He, I think, is not fully posted on this matter, and only those are being collected where the men have joined the rebel army, or have gone to bushwhacking. The President's dispatch relieves every one under bond in Missouri, and every rebel can defy us. Please explain the matter to the President and let them allow the collection of those where persons have joined the rebel army or gone to bushwhacking. Since bonds were given a large number of attorneys, heavily feed, have been interested in doing this, they having learned that Judge Holt had decided the bonds could not be collected in civil court, and also having got such

