
opinion from the prominent lawyers and judges of this States. They then obtained the President's order to stop collection and turn them over to U. S. courts, which will not touch them. The bonds were collected in cases where we had undoubted proof, and not until the whole matter had been investigated at department headquarters.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 19, 1865-9. 20 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

Your dispatch of the 17th received here. As the troops at Randall and Sioux City cannot cross to Laramie I think they had better be held where they are, with instructions to send out scouting parties west to Elkhorn River and up Running Water, and keep posted, ready to meet any Indian force that may come on the settlements of Nebraska. It is pretty certain that one band of the Indians is working toward the settlements of North Nebraska. There are plenty of arms at Fort Leavenworth.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 19, 1865.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Numbers 12 North A Street, Washington, D. C.:

See the President about the assessment. Explain how and why it was made. Do this if any effort is made to revoke it, which I understand is being done. You know it was made under the instructions received from General Halleck.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 19, 1865-10. 10 a. m.

General DODGE:

The courier-line to Riley is working. Everything is well here.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 19, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM J. PILAND,

Commanding Company I, Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry:

Your letter of the 17th instant is received and contents noted. You should have learned and understood long ago what your duty is in regard to lawless men roaming through the country stealing from the people. The district orders are very explicit, and provide that all such men will be captured and treated in the same manner as guerrillas. You will be governed by these orders, and capture and destroy at as early a day as possible all that class of men you speak of. You are stationed in that section of country to preserve order and protect the

