
MEXICO, February 20, 1865.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Great excitement here in town. Ten bushwhackers murdered a man by the name of Lany, robbed his house, and nearly killed another man by name of Smart seven mils from here. There was another gang of four ten miles from here this morning. Lieutenant decker will be up on the morning train to consult with you. There are only seventeen men for duty here, and they are not mounted.

H. B. SAYRE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

BELLEMONT, KANS., February 20, 1865.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp to Brigadier-General Fisk:

SIR: I have anxiously awaited your promised communication regarding the organization of Missouri militia, but having been regularly disappointed in my expectations every day for the last week, I write to remind you of your obligation. I have been through parts of Buchanan and Platte Counties, and have heard from Clay and Clinton within the last four days, and find the young men ripe for an organization on the independent principle, and all good, loyal citizens are willing to use their influence and means in placing the companies on an equal footing with other volunteers. The efficiency of such a command, if properly officered, armed, and equipped, and disciplined as officers having had three years' experience would discipline their command, s cannot be doubted for an instant. Give my best regards to General Fisk, and tell him if he will authorize me to organize the companies for Platte, Clay, Ray, Chariton, Carroll, Caldwell, Clinton, and Randolph, I will start immediately on the duty of organizing and drilling the different commands according to existing U. S. regulations, and will carefully select such men as are most competent and most loyal, recommending them through intermediate commanders to the governor for appointment. I will further more agree to have the proper number of companies ready for field service by the 20th day of March, my secret chain of vedettes posted on the proper line, and all signs and signals necessary for the entire success of the enterprise communicated to the most trustworthy of the loyalists (members of the league), and, in a word, be ready to exercise every bushwhacker that makes his appearance in the counties above mentioned or north of them.

Almost impatiently awaiting a reply, I am, lieutenant, very respectfully your obedient servant,

E. M. MORRIS.

Address, Wathena, Kans., until March 10; then Walnut Hill, Buchanan County, Mo.

SAINT LOUIS, February 20, 1865.

Major-General BLUNT,

Paola, Kans.:

You have permission to visit Saint Louis is requested.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

