
I shall visit them for a full complete burying of the hatchet. They said they did not wish to war any longer, and if the whites wished a permanent peace they were willing to make one, and that it should be a true peace; they would not do as the white soldiers had done to the Cheyennes. My wish is now, colonel, that you will co-operate with me, and I have no doubt but what the Santa Fe road and the whole southern boundary of Kansas can be pacified, so far as the Comanches, Apaches, Kiowas, and Arapahoes are concerned, in a very short time. In haste,

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 6. Fort Riley, Kans., February 20, 1865.

The following officers are announced as the district staff: Captain D. W. Scott, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence; Surg. Irving J. Pollok, Second Colorado Cavalry, medical director; Captain E. D. Boyd, Second Colorado Cavalry, district inspector and chief of cavalry; Captain U. B. Holloway, Second Colorado Cavalry, judge-advocate; Captain J. F. Seymour, Second Colorado Cavalry, provost-marshal; Lieutenant George C. Bowen, Second Colorado Cavalry, ordnance officer. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Colonel J. H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 20, 1865-4. 20 p. m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES, Fort Leavenworth:

Companies of infantry are on the way from Rock Island to Leavenworth. On arrival arm and equip them ready to go forward.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

KEARNY, February 20, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT, Denver:

Harlow's ranch, twenty-seven miles east of Valley [Station], twenty-three west of Julesburg, is point where Indians crossed South Platte. Stage running as far as Julesburg.

LIVINGSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th instant, addressed to General Pope, has been referred to me, with directions to say that "although I do not agree with General Sibley in his views of the advantage of locating these posts so near the outer settlements, yet I am willing to try his plan for this summer. " I am not so well posted as to give proper views in regard to this matter, but suggest to the general that we must

