
avoid a multiplicity of little posts that may involve an expectation that the Government can guard all the frontier. The settlements must be self-reliant. In my former department I have encouraged the erection of neighborhood forts where the people and militia can conveniently assemble in the event of an Indian raid and erect constructions which give confidence and security to the surrounding country.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 20, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: Yours of the 5th instant concerning resident Indians inside of the line prescribed by General Pope for Indian limitations has been referred to him for explanations, and he directs me to say "that it was never contemplated to interfere in any manner with friendly Indians, and particularly with Indians living on reservations," and that you will "be authorized to follow the line generally suggested in my letter of instructions, and to except such Indians as he thinks best from its operation. " These directions seem to devolve on you the determination of two things-first, a new line, and second, a class of excepted Indians that may come within the new line. My judgment as to the whole matter will be of no use to you till I get your views and a better knowledge of the facts concerning the settlements and the Indians in that vicinity.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 21, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to return to you the inclosed papers,* with the information that there is a law forbidding the adoption of any plan line that of Governor Fletcher for substituting militia for calls under the draft. The Secretary had therefore been obliged to decline the acceptance of Governor Fletcher's proposal, and the papers were referred for your information in regard to General Doge's view of the probable military necessities of that department and in order that measures might be taken accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

CITY POINT, VA., February 24, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The reports of General Dodge and Governor Fletcher, of Missouri, were referred to me in the handwriting of the Secretary of War for my

---------------

*See Fletcher to Stanton, January 29, p. 678; Dodge to Stanton, January 31, p. 694, and Ewing to Stanton, February 13, p. 835.

---------------

