
eral Hawkins, commanding division of colored infantry at Algiers, La. The other four regiments of colored infantry named in the said order will be disposed of as follows: The Seventy-fifth (at Morganza) will relieve the Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers, now at Terre Bonne. The Seventy-eighth (at Port Hudson) will relieve the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, now at Thibodeaux. The Eightieth (at Bonnet Carre) will relieve the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, now at New Orleans. The Ninety-third will remain at Brashear City, and in place thereof the Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers will be relieved from duty at that place. The above-named four regiments of white infantry will be sent to the camp located below Chalmette, about four miles from this city, and are hereby assigned to the Sixteenth Army Corps. The commanding general Department of the Gulf is charged with the prompt execution of this order.

11. The Forty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry is hereby assigned to the Sixteenth Army Corps. The commanding officer will proceed to the camp near Chalmette, La., and report to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding the corps.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., February 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 21st day of February, 1865: A communication from Lieutenant Louis E. Granger, Morganza, February 18, states there is an unusual degree of activity among the rebel troops in his vicinity. Captain Carmouche (rebel)has succeeded in conscripting a company in that parish. Confederate officers have stated they are waiting for low water in the swamps, and then propose to make a dash on Morganza. A communication from Lieutenant Milton J. Roberts, Barrancas, February 18, 1865, states he has learned from deserters that there are from 4,000 to 5,000 troops in Mobile, and that the streets are barricaded. He confirms the report of a regiment of cavalry at Pollard. A communication from Major George Webster, Pass Manchac, February 18, 1865, states that many deserters from the rebel army are lurking about East Louisiana and Mississippi who fear to come within the Union lines lest that many deserters from the rebel army are lurking about East Louisiana and Mississippi who fear to come within the Union lines lest they should be drafted. States there is an Irishman, near Arcola, who has contracted with the rebels to furnish them provisions, arms, &amp;c., from New Orleans, and to take cotton in payment. This man has carried pistols to the rebel lines concealed in pork barrels. Report of J. M. Smylie, scout who left New Orleans, via Pass Manchac, February 18, 1865, states that many deserters from the rebel army are lurking about east Louisiana and Mississippi who fear to come within the Union lines lest they should be drafted. States there is an Irishman, near Arcola, who has contracted with the rebels to furnish them provisions, arms, &c., from New Orleans, and to take cotton in payment. This man has carried pistols to the rebel lines concealed in pork barrels. Report of J. M. Smylie, scout, who left New Orleans, via Pass Manchac, January 29, the near Camp Moore, through Franklinton, Fordsville, across Leaf River, the Mobile and Ohio Railroad above Citronelle to Kidboo Landing, on the Tombigbee River, and returned by nearly same route February 20, 1865. Country is thronged with deserters afraid to cross the Federal lines on account of the draft. No fortifications at Choctaw or Indian

