
section of Missouri would protect us if deemed expedient and subsistence could be furnished in our counties. We feel confident of this, and do not censure but praise the course of the Government. Were we permitted to return, the necessary subsistence could be furnished. The object of this communication is to solicit the privilege of raising troops to serve the United States in the counties of Northwestern Arkansas and to raise them in the following-named counties, the most populous and most loyal in that section of the State, viz, Marion, Searcy, Newton, and Caroll Counties. In Southwest Missouri, the counties adjoining Arkansas, are 200 or more families, the male portions of which would have long since gone into the U. S. service, but destitution (the result of moving) has necessarily compelled them to remain at home and provide for their families. We desire to raise four companies in the counties mentioned (enlisting those Arkansas in Missouri), to protect and defend our property, that we may cultivate it and assist in supporting our armies. General Sanborn, our present district commander, has proffered, with the consent of Major-General Reynolds, to subsist, arm, and clothe any troops-may organize from this post, as the situation of the country will admit it, and as he sympathizes with our unhappy people. We as Arkansas are anxious to uphold and defend our portions of the State and to cultivate our lands, and we can but feel the formation of our Government. We can protect the part of the State referred to, and ask that troops be permitted to be raised as requested for twelve months, that our destitute battle for our country. " As a representative of my county I feel it my duty to make the request as above, believing you will grant it if in your power, and, if not, wield your influence to accomplish the desired end. On you we rely, knowing you have ever endeavored to promote the best interests of our State. We further ask that if consistent with the will of the Government, that we may have authority in time to return and put sufficient soil in cultivation this season to maintain us and our families.

I remain, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. ORR,

Representative of Marion County.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 23, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded through department headquarters to the headquarters of the State of Arkansas.

The four counties referred to have been nearly depopulated by driving out the rebel families and the removal of the loyal early in the war to this section. A company of loyal men, formerly residents of these counties, could probably be recruited for each of the counties within named for one years' service in the volunteer militia, and in the present condition of that country each company could hold one country, and taking their families back with them the result would probably be the reoccupation of those counties by a loyal population, which would be advantageous to both Arkansas and Missouri. I therefore respectfully recommend that authority be granted to recruit and organize four companies of volunteer militia for one year's service in the counties within named, and that the general commanding the Depart-

