
cannot get into our few garrisoned places. There is not room for them, and those already here are dying off at a fearful rate rom their miserable condition. They cannot be removed, because they are too numerous, and besides they are badly needed in the country as peasantry laborers. They want to stay, too, and the home whites need their assistance. They are freemen and ought not to be forced off. They at least are loyal and would fight if armed. Most of their mane are off in the U. S. service, and those left are unarmed and helpless. So are all our white population, and unfortunately our soldiers violently seize nearly all arms they can find in the country. Our military are doubtless doing their best, as much as could be expected. The fact is they have not horses enough and may be could not find them if they had. I dare not offer suggestions as to remedies, but it is my duty, and privilege, too, to call your attention to this sad state of these poor and innocent beings, and urge your better judgment to seek relief for them. Two colored companies of militia could be raised in the new militia organization, and if they are to be so treated they might be armed. I will gladly co-operate with you in taking any needed steps to relieve this trouble. Captain Bradley, our provost-marshal, is doing, I think, all in his power.

Respectfully,

F. T. RUSSELL.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, February 24, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Captain H. N. Cook for his indorsement as to the expediency of adopting Mr. Russell's suggestion as to recruiting two companies of blacks for militia service in Boone County. This paper to be returned.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

COLUMBIA, MO., February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant W. T . CLARKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of North Missouri, Macon, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the inclosed paper, asking my opinion as to the expediency of adopting Mr. Russell's suggestion in regard to recruiting two companies of blacks for militia service in this county. I think the people of this county are thoroughly aroused to their interest in the county and the Government. They seem anxious to have the company authorized by General Orders, Numbers 3, organized, and I think are working for it. There is a very fair prospect for the company being full very soon, and composed of the best men. Consequently I think it entirely inexpedient to organize any colored troops for militia service. There are quite a number of negroes here subject to military duty. I think, however, they are not disposed to get into any kind of service. They could as well be recruited for the U. S. service as for the militia. That something ought to be done for the negroes here is very evident. There are something near 1,000 quartered in such a way as to make every kind of disease prevalent among them, and they are dying very rapidly. I would suggest that arrangements be made to furnish them transportation to other States, where they could be employed. Employment could be furnished

