
them here in the country, but they will not go to the country for fear of the bushwhackers. As for the man who suggests the plan of organizing them into the militia, he is entirely mercenary in all his ideas and propositions, and I think makes these suggestions solely for the purpose of getting control of affairs in this county. I have heard that he was using his influence against the company now organizing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. COOK,

Captain Company F, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

FORT RILEY, February 21, 1865-9. 20 a. m.

(Via Lawrence 22nd.)

Major-General DODGE:

Colonel J. H. Leavenworth, Indian agent for the Kiowas, Comanches, and Apaches, has just arrived and succeeded in holding a council with their chiefs and Little Raven's band of Arapaho who escaped from Covington's fight at Sand Creek. They desire peace and have agreed to keep clear of the Santa Fe road until Colonel Leavenworth returns. He desires my co-operation. His letter will be forwarded by courier and mail. They are camped south of here on the Texas border. Colonel Leavenworth has agreed to meet them near Brushy Mountain as soon as possible.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Sant Fe, N. Mex., February 21, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT BASCOM, N. MEX.:

SIR: Major Arthur Morrison, of Las Vegas, is anxious to send out a wagon with some goods, such as blue cloth, manta, bread, tobacco, &amp;c., to the country of the Kiowas and Comanches in order to make an effort to buy the captive women and children who are said to be held by those Indians. This wagon will be under the charge of a man named Jesus Anaya, with not to exceed eight other citizens along. In case Major Morrison himself desires to go this passport will include him as well. The party are to have no arms but what are necessary for their own defense, and only a limited supply of ammunition. No arms or ammunition or liquor (with the exception of the arms and ammunition just named) are to be allowed to pass with this party. It being important to leave no means untried to recover from a horrible captivity these American women and children is the only reason why this passport is issued at this particular juncture when we have not yet concluded a peace for which the Comanches have already made overtures. This party and all other parties to whom passports have been or may be given to go to the Comanche and Kiowa country in the endeavor to obtain these or other captives, will be required to make oath in writing before yourself that they will convey no information whatever with reference to the number, position, kind, or movements of any troops within this department. And they will each and all be warned that if they break this oath or sell to Indians arms and ammunition that they will be amenable to suffer the utmost rigor of the laws.

I am, sir, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

