
the headquarters of each brigade, 1 wagon; for each regiment of 250 men or less, 1 wagon; for each additional 250 men of fraction of that number (not less than 50), 1 wagon; for each battery, 1 wagon; for each company of pioneers, for its tools, 1 wagon. The wagons carrying regimental ammunition will be in charge of the acting ordnance officers of divisions, but if a brigade or regiment is detached from its division its ammunition wagons will move with the brigade or regimental trains. Each division train will be under the charge of an officer of the quartermaster's department, or an officer specially detached for the purpose, who will be responsible that the rules for the government of the trains on the march or in park are duly observed. All transportation in possession of the troops in excess of this allowance will be turned over to the chief quartermaster for the reserve and supply trains. For officer purposes three wall-tents will be allowed to the headquarters, of the army, two at the headquarters of each army corps, one at the headquarters of each division or brigade, and one common (wedge) tent for each regiment or battery. For all other purposes (except hospitals) only shelter-tents will be allowed, and officers of all grades are expected to camp or bivouac with their men. The field rations will be limited to the essential articles of meat, bread, coffee, sugar, and salt, and one-fourth rations of soap. All articles of subsistence to be taken will be packed in the simplets and of the men. Everything in excess of this will be rejected by the inspectors. The private servants and horses of officers will be limited to the number authorized by law, and no other private horses or animals will be allowed. No sutlers, traders, or any other persons not in the army, and no passes for such purposes will be given, unless previously sanctioned by the commanding general. Any person who may be found in or about the army without such authority will be assigned to some useful employment. All officers are enjoined to bear in mind that every man or animal or pound of baggage beyond what is essential for efficiency, that has to be fed, transported, or guarded is an embarrassment that must be avoided.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 22, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: A cavalry expedition will move from Vicksburg on the 5th proximo for the purpose of cutting the railroad and telegraph lines below Jackson, and striking the Mobile and Ohio road at or near Winchester, and destroying as much of it as possible between that place and Mobile. Co-operative movements will be made from Memphis on the 3rd and from Baton Rouge on the 1st, and I desire that as large a demonstration as possible be made from the latter place in the direction of Clinton and Liberty, on the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, to distract the attention of the enemy from the main expedition, and for the purpose of cutting the railroad telegraph lines as far as they

