
can go and of otherwise inflicting as much damage on the rebels as possible. Be pleased to take the necessary measures at one to have the movement made promptly and effectually.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major General F. J. Herron, commanding Northern Division of Louisiana.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The reduction of troops within this department by recent orders has the effect of breaking up the several courts-martial and military commissions and leaving the administration of justice very incomplete. If Brigadier-General Brayman is in position to be used for this class of duty I would like to have him assigned. I do not suppose he is wanted at Natchez. I shall be very short of competent officers for these special duties, as it will be a paramount requirement in the present reduced force, consisting principally of colored troops, that the officers shall remain with their men and the force be kept in the best state of efficiency. There is a possibility, perhaps a probability, that the rebel Trans-Mississippi force may avail themselves of the absence of so many troops to make a dash upon the river, or even a movement in force. Should the latter be attempted the present extended line will have to be materially shortened, and many persons and much property will be exposed. The present great want, however, of the department is in intelligent officers not required for line duty. The details to carry out Treasury regulations and for freedmen, and to supply by parish provost-marshals the deficiencies in State authorities, are heavy and cannot well be reduced. I shall be compelled to decide many cases now pending on my personal authority and personal judgment from the want of officers to constitute courts.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 50. New Orleans, February 22, 1865.

1. In compliance with orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, extract 14 of Special Orders, Numbers 48, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby so far modified as to require only the Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry (at Morganza) and the Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry (at Port Hudson) to report to Brigadier-General Hawkins, commanding division of colored infantry at Algiers, La. The other four regiments of colored infantry named in the order will be disposed of as follows: The Seventy-fifth (at Morganza) will relieve the Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers at Terre Bonne; the Seventy-eighth (at Port Hudson) will relieve the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteers at Thibodeaux; the Eightieth (at Bonnet Carre) will relieve

