
the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, now at new Orleans, La; the Ninety-third will remain at Brashear City, and in place thereof the Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers will be relieved from duty at that place. Upon being relieved as above the four regiments of white infantry will be sent to the camp located below Chalmette, about four miles from this city, and be reported to the commanding officer Sixteenth Army Corps, to which they are assigned. Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Southern Division of Louisiana, is charged with the execution of so much of the above order as relatives to the movement of these regiments to camp below Chalmette, upon being relieved by the troops from Port Hudson, Morganza, and Bonnet Carre. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Chalmette, La., February 22, 1865.

Under authority of General Orders, Numbers 20, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, dated New Orleans, La., February 18, 1865, the undersigned assumes command of the Sixteenth Army Corps. Until further orders the organization and numbers of divisions and brigades of the Sixteenth Army Corps will remain the same as in the Detachment Army of the Tennessee, changing only their designation.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Chalmette, La., February 22, 1865.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 1, dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Chalmette, La., February 22, 1865, the First Division, Detachment Army of the Tennessee, is changed to First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

By command of Brigadier General J. McARTHUR:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 22, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Southern Division of Louisiana:

Your communication of yesterday, asking if the stations at Bonnet Carre and the contingent ones above on the water communication should be broken up, as you had no troops to send there, has been received. The inclosed order* will answer it, as far as the stations

---------------

*See p. 941.

---------------

