
such a fire into her as to bring her to bay, and finally to enable them to board and capture her. It may be well to caution the transports to keep a sharp lookout after night. They may have no such design as I have intimated, but no harm can arise from keeping a sharp lookout.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 11. Vicksburg, Miss., February 22, 1865.

Special Orders, Numbers 59, paragraph 1, current series, Department of Mississippi, having been suspended, he undersigned hereby resumes command of the District of Vicksburg.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JAMES H. WILSON,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

The cavalry under your command, equipped as lightly as possible, will move from Vicksburg on the 5th proximo, for the purpose of striking the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at some point in the neighborhood of Winchester, Ala., destroying as much of it as possible between that place and Mobile. It is intended that you should avoid Jackson and get in advance of any force that may be at that place. To effect this it is important that the road and the telegraph wires in the neighborhood of Jackson, and, if possible, between Jackson and Meridian, should be cut so as to effectually destroy all communication. This should be done by a small detachment, moving with great celerity, under the command of an energetic and determined officer, and should be accomplished at all hazards. For the purpose of distracting the attention of the rebels from your movements Major-General Thomas has been asked to send a cavalry force to threaten the roads south of Corinth. Generals Hurlbut and Dana have been instructed to make cavalry demonstrations from Baton Rouge, commencing on the 1st proximo, and from Memphis on the 3rd. A cavalry force will move at the same time from Pensacola against the Mobile and Montgomery road, which will probably have the effect of drawing in that direction the cavalry force now west of Mobile, and our own operations in the neighborhood of that city will probably give full employment to any force that might otherwise be sent against you. It will be important that the direction of your movement should be masked as long as possible, and it may be advisable to transfer your force quietly to some point below the mouth of the Big Black while a demonstration, with as much show as possible, is being made in the direction of Jackson. Arrange this with the commanding officer of the District of Vicksburg. I do not wish to trammel you with special instructions, knowing that you will give the greatest effect to the means under your control. It is apprehended that, in consequence of high waters or the state of the roads, the execution of this duty may be difficult. If, from these causes or by reason of concentrating a superior force, it is impracticable, make your way to Natchez or Baton Rouge, or to some point on Mississippi Sound or Lake

