
Pontchartrain. The commanders at Baton Rouge and Natchez will be instructed to be on the lookout for you. Provisions and forage for your command will be kept afloat near Madisonville, on Lake Pontchartrain, and near Biloxi, in Mississippi Sound, and the gun-boats will be looking for you. Three signal fires, fifty yards apart by night, and three smokes by day, will put you in communication with them. I will endeavor to open communication with you by couriers as you approach the coast.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 22, 1865.

Captain JAMES E. HARRISON,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, Special Inspector of Cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed by first opportunity to Vicksburg, Miss., for the purpose of giving any assistance in your power in mounting and equipping the cavalry force recently arrived at that place from the Army of the Tennessee. About 6,000 horses are understood to be on the way down for distribution in the division, and you are authorized to use any of the animals for the purpose of remounting this cavalry. If necessary you can dismount temporarily any of the cavalry now at Vicksburg, replacing the horses so taken by the first that come down the river. Please confer fully with the commanders of the cavalry force and of the District of Vicksburg, and let no exertions be spared to make the mount and equipment of this cavalry as perfect as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 36. City Point, Va., February 22, 1865.

* * *

2. Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, will report by letter to Major General George H. Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, for assignment to the command of the District of West Tennessee.

* * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., February 22, 1865.

General DODGE:

Leave for Saint Lois to-day; be there to-morrow morning. Been detained by illness. Please don't leave city until I see you.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

