
receipt of this order and the arrival of sufficient transportation, proceed with his command to this post and report to the commanding officer of his regiment.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General J. B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, MO., February 22, 1865.

[Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of North Missouri:]

LIEUTENANT: I inclose you a note written by Jim Jackson and pinned to the coat of an old negro man he hung night before last. I can't tell the object of this move, unless it is for the interest of the substitute brokers, a great number of whom have made their appearance here since this occurrence. Of course the negroes have been coming into town in droves. This negro was hung about six miles east of this place. Jackson had three men with him. I still hear of a few other bushwhackers in this county, and am trying to plan some way to get some of them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. COOK,

Captain Company F, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

[Inclosure.]

Killed for not going into the Federal Army.

By order of Jim Jackson.

GREENFIELD, DADE COUNTY, MO., February 22, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding Southwest District, Springfield, Mo.:

The undersigned citizens of Dade County would most respectfully ask leave to represent briefly the condition of affairs in this part of the military district under your command. From the outbreak of the rebellion a very considerable portion of the citizens of Dade County manifested a determination to stand by the Federal Government in sustaining the laws and in the suppression of the rebellion. This is made manifest from the fact that no other county in the States had furnished more soldiers for the Federal Army in proportion to the population than Dade. The few remaining citizens, after filing up the ranks of the Union Army, have struggled with a zeal worthy the cause to sustain the country by cultivating the farms in order to sustain the armies who were so manfully battling in the cause of the Union, and while we look with pride upon their noble and patriotic devotion we turn with deep mortifications to the fact that many of them have been inhumanely murdered and their wives and children robbed of their little all. Yet, in the midst of these repeated outrages, our Union citizens have still continued in their devotion to the cause of the Union. They have borne with comparative silence what they considered seeming neglect on the part of the Government in the management of the military affairs of the country. Last spring we hailed with delight a commu-

