
ing they save us the trouble by commencing to swarm down to the river-banks and come over on the ice, not opposite, but one or two miles above and below us. We had barely time to corral our train before they were upon us on every side. The position chosen was the best we could get, but there were many little sand ridges and hollows under cover of which they could approach us. A very great change had come over the men since the morning of the fight at Mud Springs. They were rested and free from excitement, had confidence in their officers, obeyed orders, and went to work with a will. Sharpshooters were pushed out, and the hillocks commanding the camp occupied, and rifle-pits dug upon them. The Indians of the plains are the best skirmishers in the world. In rapidity of movement, sudden wheeling and hanging over steep and difficult ground, no trained cavalry can equal them. Hunting the buffalo is the best possible school. We were not strong enough to charge or scatter. It was necessary to be prudent, and at first take the defensive. They dashed up very boldly, but soon fell back from our bullets, and resorted to their old game of skulking and sharpshooting. At this game they were well met by our men. At one point we were greatly annoyed by a party of ten or fifteen behind a little knoll about 400 yards distant, and it became evident they must be dislodged. A detail was made of sixteen mounted men, part from the detachment of Company D, Seventy Iowa Cavalry, and part from a detachment of the First Battalion, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The party was placed in command of Lieutenant Patton, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and he was ordered to charge at full speed, revolvers in hand, to clear out the Indians behind the hillock, and, having done, so wheel and return immediately. It was admirably done; the skulkers were routed and fled. In the meantime there were from 150 to 200 Indians on the rising ground beyond the contested hillock, which was about midway between us and them. When they saw the charge they swarmed down to save their men, and our party had a short hand-to-hand fight with their advance and then wheeled and returned as ordered. In this charge we lost two men, Private John A. Harris, Company D, Seventh Iowa Cavalry who fell in the fight, and Private William H. Hartshorn, Company C, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry a veteran, who was on a very spirited horse, and either his own ardor or inability to control his horse or both, led him forward into the thickest of the Indians, and we saw him no more alive. Many Indians were killed and wounded in this charge. They fell immediately back before our fire as the charging party returned. A small party immediately went out and brought in the body of Harris. The Indians had not time to scalp him or take his arms or clothing, and they were brought in with him. The body of Hartshorn was found next morning about one mile from our camp, horribly mutilated, with ninety-seven arrows sticking in it. It is not unlikely that some chief of note was killed by him, or some one else in the charge, and that each one of his relations and friends put an arrow in him and left it, as it is sometimes their custom. Both bodies were brought to Fort Laramie for burial. I desire especially to call attention to the conduct of Lieutenant Patton and his little body of men. The charge was a very gallant one, and the desired objects were fully accomplished. Toward night we could not bring the Indians, in reach of our fire. They retired behind the hills and were returning across the Platte until dark, when very few seemed to be on the south side of the river.

About sundown an incident worthy of notice occurred. Private Miller, Company C, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, had shot an

