
nication emanating from Captain R. B. Owen, exhorting the farmers to repair to their homes and cultivate their farms, assuring them that they should be protected. Many had made their arrangements to leave the country, but at the earnest persuasions of many of us, in view of the protection thus promised us, were induced to remain, and the result shows that many of them were shot at the plow handle and others robbed of their little all.

The amount of military protection that we received under that promise was one skeleton company of State militia and a few of the enrolled were all that we had to protect the country and till the soil. But even after the bloody ordeal through which we passed last year we still had hopes that this spring would open more propitiously for us. We had made more vigorous preparations to cultivate the soil; more grain was sown last fall than at any time since the war commenced (in proportion to the population). Confidence in the ability and willingness of the military to give us all the protection that was necessary was manifesting itself among the people, but owing to the appearance of guerrilla bands in the country a panic has seized upon the people. Within the past ten days several of our citizens have been robbed of their horses, bed clothing, wearing apparel, and money. The consequences are that whole neighborhoods are preparing to leave the country, and unless some steps are speedily taken to arrest it there will be a general stampede and nothing will be left to protect but the military posts, and it is very evident that unless the farming interest is protected there is but little use for a military post. We would not be understood as reflecting in the least upon the command stationed at this post, but on the contrary, would take the occasion to say that we have a good command, composed of officers and men who feel a deep interest in protecting the country and its interests. But one company is not sufficient to protect the post and country, too. Our settled conviction is that it will require at least one full company to constantly patrol the country or the people cannot stay at home, much less till the soil. We should have infantry to guard the post and mounted men to protect the settlements. Now, general, there is nothing here said that is drawn from the imagination. It is no idle visionary of the brain, but the records of the country will bear testimony, and our sole object is to lay the facts before you and through you to ask of those having the authority to render us that aid which we think we are justly entitled to.

With sentiments of high regard, we are, general, your friends,

D. B. RIVERS.

BENJ. APPLEBY.

GREEN GAY.

RICHMON MITCHELL.

WM. P. GRIGGS.

NELSON McDOWELL.

J. D. MO K. LATHIM.

BENJAMIN RAGSDALE.

C. C. MALLACOAT.

A. M. CLEMONE.

JOHN BROWN.

D. J. McMILLEN.

PHARAOH COOK.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 22, 1865-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Omaha:

How are matters up the road? Do you hear anything from the trains? Are any of the scouts in? Keep me posted daily.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

