
SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT,

Denver:

How are matters in the district? How are you progressing in the organization of the First Colorado Militia? and keep me posted daily.

G. M. DODGE.

SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT,

Denver:

Cannot you get some troops in between Julesburg and Valley Station? Stage company complain of want obscurity to a station between those two points. Will send you corn immediately.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 22, 1865.

Don S. LERDO DE TEJADA,

Governor of the State of Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive Your Excellency's communication of the 31st ultimo and the papers which accompanied it, which go to show that bands of adventurers, en route from California to Texas, or from Texas to California, have come to Presidio del Norte, in the State of Chihuahua, on several occasions under one pretense or anther, and have committed serious outrages upon the people in that isolated town. That in December last a party of thirty or more Americans came to Presidio de Norte on their way from California, through the State of Chihuahua, to Texas, and were there furnished with provisions, powder, and arms by General John Broches [Burgees?], as other parties had been furnished previously by one Spencer and others, residents of that place. That provided with these means, of which they were destitute, they crossed over to the American side of the Rio Grande, and there, on the 29th of December, 1864, raised a red flag in their camp and began to commit outrages and robberies upon inoffensive citizens who went from Mexico to reside as tenants upon the lands of one Edward Holl [Hall?], some surprising them in their houses and making them prisoners, while others, after having secured the arms and animals, demanded the keys, and outraging the families, opened trunks, wardrobes, and stole from them whatever they wanted. These citizens, thus robbed and outraged, sent across to Presidio for help. This was promptly given and on the morning of December 21 the outlaws were driven off with loss. I have this day forwarded your communication to the War Department at Washington, and also a copy of this letter. Under all the circumstances as described in the correspondence transmitted to myself by Your Excellency, it is difficulty to perceive what other course than the one pursued by the people of Presido del Norte could have followed. The only thing to be regretted, in my mind, is that all of those outlaws who raised the red flag had not been destroyed. I regard them in the same light as pirates upon the ocean, as enemies to the whole human family, whoseon by the hands of men of any and every nationality is lawful and right. Your Excellency, in not having Burgess and Spencer [sic], men

