
more despicable than the others because less bold, who take asylum in your State to render aid and comfort to these parties of desperadoes, who respect neither persons nor property on either side of the line, exhibits an example in leniency which on our side, were all things reversed, would, I am persuaded, find but few to follow. At present it is impracticable for me to place and armed force on our side of the river opposite to Presidio del Norte. As soon as this can be done it will be done. Meantime, or until other instructions may be received from Washington, I beg to express the hope that incase of similar outrages being committed hereafter by bands of lawless men passing from California to Texas, or from Texas to California, through the State of Chihuahua, that your good citizens, having given no provocation for those outrages, and going out under those higher laws than treaties and those regulating the intercourse of nations, the law of sel-protection and the laws of humanity, will pursue and destroy without mercy all such aggressors. They are of the men who have dared to raise their impious hands against even their own country. They are of the men who, presuming upon the weakness of neighboring nations, revive by their filibustering raids the sixteenth century with its freebooters. The are of the men who would the tide of human progress back rather than urge it forward. Yet it is to be hoped, for the credit of our race, that they are of the very dregs of those here described. I mention these things to Your Excellency in the light of an apology, because I feel ashamed that these miscreants bear the name of Americans. If to follow and punish them your outraged people cross the line and come within the limits of this department, I believe I take upon myself no unjusticable responsibility in saying to Your Excellency that the Government of the United States will approve their course, prompted as was the course of the citizens of Presidio by the ties of blood, by the claims of humanity, and by their natural rights as men, to defend their fellow men whenever and wherever, being the weaker party, they are assailed without provocation or course, and outraged in the manner in which these people was assailed and outraged.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 22, 1865.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsowrth, Dak. Ter.:

MAJOR: A dispatch of 11th instant from Captain A. S. Everest, Second Minnesota Cavalry, commanding Fort Wadsworth, has been duly received at these headquarters. It inclose a recommendation from Major Brown, special agent, that the Sisseton Sioux who have surrendered to the military authorities be permitted to locate temporarily at Lake Traverse for the purpose of planting, &amp;c. Since Captain E. ' s dispatch was written copy, of general instructions from Major-General Pope, dated 1st instant, relative to the location of these and other Indians similarly situated, has been transmitted to you for your government. Of course, under those directions, specifying particularly that none of them be permitted below a certain designated line, no return

