
of these people to the islands in Lake Traverse or any of the regions thereabout will be allowed under any circumstances. Neither is the dispatch of General Pope, requiring the Indians so delivering themselves up to be encamped in the vicinity of the military posts, to be construed by you to mean that they are to be located so near Fort Wadsworth as to make it difficult to restrain the soldiers from visiting the camps. So close an approximation to the fort would prove a fruitful source of debauchery and demoralization to both the troops and the Indians, and inaugurate fresh contentions and ill feeling between them. The meaning of Major-General Pope evidently is to encourage these peacefully Indians to place themselves sufficiently near to the military posts to enjoy the protection of the U. S. forces there stationed against any attempts of the hostile savages to molest them. Points four or five miles distant would be close enough to secure such a result, while it would be close enough to secure such a result, while it would enable the commandant of the post to prevent or detect and punish any officer or soldier who, contrary to orders, should attempt or succeed in the endeavor to visit these camps. The most stringent orders must be given and enforced in this matter, so that no white man at the post be permitted among these people, except with the written permission of the commanding officer, in connection with duty to be performed. Bearing in mind the instructions and giving them the most stringent application in all cases, you will authorize the location of the Sissetons or kindred bands of Sioux, who have given themselves up or shall do so hereafter, at such point as Major Brown may select under your direction. The instructions of Major-General Pope in the dispatch referred to are plain and explicit in prohibiting any attempts at making provided with a special permit from the district commander. This does not of course apply to the individuals composing a military force dispatched by you to these camps on special duty, but even in such cases commanders of detachments for such purposes should be ordered to keep their men together and permit of no interference or intercourse with the Indians, but, after discharging the duty imposed, return forthwith to the fort. The duty of visiting the camps when occasion requires should be devolved upon your most trusty and reliable officers, who will implicitly obey orders and permit of no relaxation of discipline. You will report without unnecessary delay to these headquarters the names of two respectable white men who desire to trade with the Indians under the restrictions imposed in General Pope's dispatch, but no one in any wise employed by or in the pay of the Government will be presented or allowed to trade with the Indians under any circumstances. The trading establishments are required to be in the immediate vicinity of the post, and under the immediate supervision of the commanding officers, who will regulate their intercourse with the Indians with all needful stringency and especially confine the visits of these people to the trading stations to the males only. The Indian women must not be allowed at the fort or anywhere in its vicinity at any time, for reasons which are sufficiently obvious. This you will regard as a precise and permanent order not to be replaced except by authority from these headquarters or the direction of the War Department or other superior source. Application will be made by the brigadier-general commanding for the supply of some farming tools, as suggested by Major Brown, but it is doubtful whether such supply with be authorized by the Honorable Secretary of War. The necessary vegetable seed will be furnished by the assistant quarter-

