
master in accordance with the order already given. The question of the employment of scouts and the questions therewith connected will be made the subject of a future communication.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 54. New Orleans, La., February 23, 1865.

1. The following regiments are hereby organized into a division of colored infantry, to be commanded by Brigadier General John P. Hawkins, who will report direct to these headquarters: First Brigade-Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry. Second Brigade-Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry, First-first U. S. Colored Infantry. Third Brigade-Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., February 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 23rd of February, 1865: R. D. Fugler, a deserter from the Twentieth Confederate Cavalry, left the regiment in December, 1864; went to Brandon, Miss. ; left Brandon February 1 and arrived at Fort Adams on the 13th instant. States that the following troops are at Sharon: Twentieth Confederate Cavalry, numbering, effective, 300; Maybery's cavalry, unknown; part of Dumonteil's cavalry, unknown; Wood's brigade of cavalry, 1, 5000; Colonel Griffith's command at Whitestown (Powers' regiment, numbering 450; Griffith's regiment, numbering 300); Scott's command at Summit, under marching orders, only about 250. The men are very reluctant to go east or to join Forrest. Wirt Adams with his command (number unknown) wen north from Jackson in January. Captain Jones' company of scouts, 100; Captain Harvey's company of scouts, 80, are scouting along the Big Black; are armed with double-barreled shotguns, as more effective against the cavalry who may pursue their decoys into ambush. Captain Owens' company of scouts and couriers, 100; headquarters Brandon, Moss. Captain Harris' company of scouts (number unknown) is scouting in the rear of Natchez. General Forrest had about 10,000 effective men of his own command and could muster from all quarters about as many more; headquarters at Brandon. Is anticipating a raid from Natchez or Vicksburg, and is

