HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 23, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: The object of your movement from Baton Rouge on the 1st of march is to make as much of a demonstration as possible and give the color to the Confederate of a large expedition to be moved from that point. Hence the movement after it is commenced will be with as much ostentation as practicable. The troops will build bridges over the Comite as if the cavalry were merely a vanguard preparing for the advance of a heavy column. When you are satisfied that the object is accomplished and sufficient time has been given to the Vicksburg column to get well out you can either withdraw the force quietly, or if a good opportunity presents itself and they appear to be leaving your front to look after the others, strike sharply out without involving your command. It will be well to close the lines at Baton Rouge at once and hold them closely until your movement is completed. This fact will at once be reported and will produce the proper impression on the rebels. Keep me fully advised from time to time of the progress of affairs.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 23, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: By to-day's mail I have your communications of the 16th and 21st instant, and note your remarks regarding the caution to be exercised during the present condition of affairs. The work had commenced before the receipt of your letters, and all is progressing well. Nothing will be left undone, I assure you, in placing my troops in the best possible condition, and I am giving the matter personal attention. The condition of the garrisons in my district after the troops now under orders leave will certainly be tempting to the rebels, and in my opinion there is more to be feared on the west than the east side of the river. After sending the Cavalry Brigade, 1,200 strong, with one battery on the Clinton expedition, I will have left at this place 830 dismounted cavalry, 360 infantry, and 300 heavy artillery. That force will make Baton Rouge and vicinity perfectly safe. At Port Hudson, after the two regiments under orders off, will be left a total of 1,500 men, consisting of one regiment cavalry, one regiment infantry, and two four-gun batteries. There is nothing to be apprehended there. At Morganza there will be the Fourteenth New York Cavalry, 200 strong, of which 150 are mounted; one battery of artillery, and about 1,900 infantry. Late reports from Morganza and the Red River country indicate a movement from Alexandria toward Simsport. If the rebel authorities get any reports from New Orleans such a movement will undoubtedly be made. I will go on Monday next to Morganza and look into the condition of affairs. One of my staff has been there for the past week and reports everything being put into shape. I had hoped that

