
General McKean would be up ere this, and delayed a visit to Morganza waiting for him. Will keep you fully advised in regard to matters.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 23, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have to-day, per hands of Captain Wright, your communication (confidential) of the 22nd instant, and also copy of communication from headquarters military division. Upon the withdrawal of the cavalry from Morganza for service below I was compelled to send the Fourteenth New York to that point. They are the only mounted troops, there, and number about 275 men. I have now at this place the First Texas, Fourth Wisconsin, Sixth Missouri, and One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, which have been formed into a brigade under Brigadier General E. J. Davis, numbering 1,800 effective men, with but 1,200 horses. Strong efforts have been made both before and since I came here to procure a sufficient number of horses to mount the between this and March 1, 1,200 men will be the number I can start. With them I will send two small howitzers. It will be impossible for the command to go from here direct to Clinton, the Comite and Amite Rivers being very high and without bridges. The force will have to be sent to Port Hudson by boats or go to the same point by the river road, taking the upper road from there to Clinton; or they might go from here, via Plains Store and Newport, striking the Clinton and Jackson road a few miles east of Jackson. The latter, in my opinion, would be the best route. From Clinton a demonstration could be made toward Liberty, while the main command could push east to the railroad. The roads north and east of here are in a terrible condition, owing to the heavy rains of the past week, and the progress of any force will be slow. No suggestion is made as to how long this force should remain out. Shall I hear from you on that point? You can rely upon the number of men I have mentioned being ready to move promptly at the time fixed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 35. Little Rock, Ark., February 23, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Colonel Milton H. Brawner will assume command of the First Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, as consolidated by Special Orders, Numbers 47, current series, headquarters Department of Arkansas, and will take steps to put his entire regiment in the camp occupied by the former Seventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers as soon as practicable.

By order of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

W. A. MARTIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

