HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., February 23, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, MO.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant is received. I will communicate promptly whatever information I may receive in reference to the movements of the enemy that may be of interest to your command. The commanding officer at Fort Smith has been instructed on this point in accordance with your request. At present the following posts are occupied in this department, the garrisons being on a defensive basis. All the available force of the department outside of these garrisons (3,000 men) is now in the Department of the Gulf, and under the orders of the commanding officer of Military Division of West Mississippi. We have a cavalry force in the department of about 5,000, which is now dismounted. If it is mounted it will be held ready for call wherever it may be needed. If it is mounted it will be held ready for call wherever it may be needed. List of post: Little Rock, Devall's Bluff Pine Bluff, Lewisburg, Saint Charles, Mouth of White River, Brownsville and railroad, Fort Smith, and Helena.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., February 23, 1865-4. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

I have this moment received copy of cipher telegraph of January 28 ultimo, sent by you on the 16th instant. It differs from the original, as received by me, 2,000 men. I herewith inclose original, by which you will see that I was ordered to prepare and send 500 men. That quota was filled without delay by the Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry. I regret very much the mistake, but it did not occur here. I have ordered the following regiments to report at New Orleans without delay, viz: Forty-sixth, Fifty-fifth, Fifty-ninth, and Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry. In order to expedite their departure I have ordered their supply wagons (extra) to follow them.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, January 28, 1865-2 p. m.

(Received February 1.)

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Memphis:

Prepare 500 infantry from the District of Memphis for service in the field, and send them with as little delay as possible to report at this place. Direct General Washburn to detach in like manner 2,000 infantry from the District of Vicksburg. Both detachments will bring with them not only the field transportation required by existing orders, but also a supply train for a march of twenty days. Full instructions will be sent to-morrow.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

