HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 23, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have received to-day from Cahaba prison, Ala., seventy-eight prisoners, mostly citizens, who have been unconditionally released, but there were among them three paroled officers and some soldiers. They report that Hood's entire army has gone to encounter Sherman. They left Cahaba on the 5th instant and have been so long on the way by reason of the bad condition of the railroads. They stated to me one fact that demands some notice. On the train from Meridian to Jackson were six large launches, each having a 12-pounder howitzer and a crew of fifteen men. These boats were brought to Jackson and from there sent up on the road toward Grenada. The prisoners were detained at Jackson three days, and some of them being clad in secesh garb were able to pick up some information from conversations which they heard, and they heard that the boats had been taken to the Yazoo and they inferred that they were to be taken to the Mississippi. To what use these boats are to be applied we are left to conjecture; but that there were such boats and that each had a howitzer on board is certain. It is probable that the design is to capture some of the Mississippi transports. I think that it is a matter of sufficient importance to justify sending up the Yazoo to make inquiry in regard to them. There is no gun-boat here, nor have I any spare troops here, the garrison now only consisting of the heavy artillery and two colored and one white regiment of infantry, and about 250 cavalry. General Knipe is here with about 3,500 cavalry, but I do not understand that he is in any way subject to my orders. I can understand how it may be possible to launch these boats upon the river at night and intercept, board, and capture any unarmed transport. I shall give this information for what it is worth to Major-General Dana and to Captain Bacon, U. S. Navy, commanding this division of the river. It may be that there is no such design as I have indicated, but I cannot imagine any other object, and as caution is the parent of safety there can be no harm in keeping a sharp lookout.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 23, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say, in reply to your telegram of yesterday, that the military have no authority to treat with the Indians. Their duty is to make them keep the peace by punishing them for hostilities.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

LICKING, TEXAS COUNTY, MO., February 23, 1865.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have scouted the country south and west of here; also sent 100 men in four detachments to go as far south as the Arkansas

