
line. This force has not returned. I can hear of no force larger than ten men within 100 miles of this place. I have conversed with the woman who gave the information of the concentration of Freeman's forces. All she knew was that a woman had told her that Freeman intended taking this place. Another woman, just from Arkansas, says Freeman was at head of Spring River, in Arkansas, when she left. There is no enemy in this country, nor has there been other than a small band of bushwhackers. There is considerable forage in the vicinity, enough to supply the company stationed here until spring.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

MACON, MO., February 23, 1865-8 p. m.

Colonel E. A. KUTZNER,

Glasgow:

It is reported here that Rucker's gang of guerrillas are in Wayland Township, Chariton County. Henry Conrad, justice of the peace near Waylandville, can show a party the exact spot where they are camped. They are eight or ten in number and camped on Middle Fork of Chariton. Move secretly and quickly.

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 23, 1865.

Colonel FORD,

Fort Riley:

The military have no authority to treat with Indians. Our duty is to make them keep the peace by punishing them for their hostility. Keep posted as to their location, so that as soon as ready we can strike them. Four hundred horses left here for you.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

OMAHA, February 23, 1865-1 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Scouts sent from Laramie report Indians that fought Collins at Mud Springs on Powder River. I have no report from scouts sent up Loup fork or Running Water. I think the scouts sent to Running Water have been killed. I should have heard from them a week ago. Subsistence train passed Kearny day before yesterday. Train from here will get to Kearny to-morrow. I leave in the morning for Kearny. With your consent I propose striking Indians on Powder River at an early day, if the streams do not become impassable.

ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

61 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

