
SAINT LOUIS, February 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Omaha:

As you go up the valley telegraph me and keep me posted. Where is Powder River, and how far from Julesburg? One of my engineers has gone with Sixteenth Kansas for purpose of getting posts and stage stations together. Let stage company have corn if you can spare it. We must keep stages running. Troops should be on way from Denver to make route secure to Julesburg. At any rate don't let stages stop for want of escort. Also telegraph me any point that you may find where stores or forage are needed.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

DENVER, February 23, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Matters in district improving. Two companies of militia gone out; two more leave this week; other two will be raised in a few days. What troops are en route here? Where is my regiment? Not heard a word from it.

MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

DENVER, COLO. TER., February 23, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Company en route to take position half way between Valley and Julesburg. One company arrived at Valley, going as far as Julesburg escorting trains, to return twenty-five miles this side of Valley; take up station.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., February 23, 1865.

Mr. A. F. SHELDON,

Colorado City, Colo. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: The petition from the citizens of your section of country, in which your name stands first, is received. While I am of opinion that some troops ought to be sent you as a frontier guard, and while it would afford me pleasure to render you all the assistance you would naturally expect and require, yet unfortunately I have not the men at my disposal for such purposes. Camp Fillmore will be re-enforced in a few days, if, indeed, not already, so that you will have a little more assurance of protection and feel proportionately the more safe. I cannot employ the Utes or any other tribe of Indians at present; nor would I be justified in issuing rations unless to an organization authorized by competent authority. My position in this respect, as in many others, is a very delicate one, and I would gladly see daylight through the cloud of doubt and gloom that hangs for the present over my head and that of the people of Colorado Territory. The Overland route is now being opened by militia, and your county has really been exempt

