
from any call. If therefore falls upon you to organize into independent companies for your own protection, as they have been doing east and south of here, and where they are really in a more exposed position and condition than your section of country. My advice to you is to adopt this plan of protection; you then have it in your hands. I authorized some time ago the raising of an independent company, under a Mr. Wooten, for the purpose of scouting the portion of the Territory in which you reside, and under such an organization reported to the commanding officer at Camp Fillmore rations would be issued; since which time I have not heard a word about it. Although unable to render you any real permanent assistance, yet I assure you I am not unmindful of your interests.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 7. Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 23, 1865.

* * * * *

IV. Lieutenant Colonel Edward B. Willis, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will relieve Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First Cavalry California Volunteers, in the command of Fort Craig, when Colonel Brown, with the headquarters, commissioned and non-commissioned staff of his regiment, will take post at Fort Marcy, N. Mex. For the present Lieutenant Johnston, regimental commissary, will remain on duty as commissary at Fort Craig.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. New Orleans, La., February 24, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The Seventeenth Ohio and First Indiana Light Battery are hereby assigned to duty with the Artillery Brigade, Sixteenth Army Corps, and will forthwith report to Captain John W. Lowell, commanding the brigade, for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP CHALMETTE, New Orleans, February 24, 1865.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I regret to report my command this morning in a sinking condition. If compelled to remain long where they are, contending

