
with the water and mud of Chalmette, they will disappear. As they must be removed to-day I have taken the liberty of applying direct to the post commander for the use of barracks or quarters near the city.

Hoping it will meet with the approval of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor most respectfully to state that the Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, now at Port Hudson, La., I know from personal inspection to be a well-drilled, well-disciplined, and well-officered regiment, perhaps the best colored regiment in this department, and that it is in fine condition for the field. And the Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, at Brazos Santiago, Tex., is also a well drilled and disciplined regiment and well fitted for field service. Brazos Island can be approached by the enemy only by way of the Boca Chica Pass, which can be defended by 500 men against four times their number. I respectfully suggest that these two regiments be sent to the field, if necessary, in the place of other regiments not in so good condition, and urgently request that one of these two regiments be assigned to my brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Half-Way House, near New Orleans, February 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

If my division could be strengthened I would like very much that it should be done. The effective force in the field will be much less than is shown as "effective strength" in the field return, owing to the many details necessary for the administration of the different staff departments, pioneers, &amp;c.

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 26. Memphis, Tenn., February 24, 1865.

In continuing the supervision ordered by the President of the United States, under date February 10, 1865, Colonel Samuel Thomas, Sixty-fourth U. S. Infantry (colored) will proceed from point to point in this department inspecting the affairs of freedman. All books and papers will be subject to his examination, and he will enforce the uniform administration of justice among and toward the freedman. He will make frequent reports to the general superintendent of freedman, and such reports direct to commanding officers as they may require.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

