
line from Julesburg to Denver, being 100-days' men, who were withdrawn and no means taken to replace them, Colonel Moonlight, under the circumstances, declared martial law and ordered out six companies of militia to hold this line until the troops cold relieve them. They are the only troops we have to hold the line from Julesburg to Denver until the troops about being sent arrive. I consider it necessary that these six companies should be retained. The hospital tents were the only tents in Denver, and all the pots and ranches being burned for a long distance were the only shelter these troops could use.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 25, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck in answer to his telegram on the subject.

I have directed General Dodge to relieve these militia companies as soon as possible by troops now on the way to Colorado, and to discharge them, and return the tents to the quartermaster's department.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 24, 1865.

Major-General DODGE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Pottawatomie Indians had council on Tuesday last. The prospect is good for raising fifty men for scouts. Council will meet again on Tuesday next. Agent deems it necessary that some person should be there with authority to enlist them. Governor Crawford wants to know who will appoint the officers. He is willing that you should appoint them and he will commission them.

JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 24, 1865-2. 50 p. m.

Colonel POTTER, Fort Leavenworth:

Fort Gibson must be supplied from Fort Smith; we cannot run our trains there. Boat left Fort Smith for Gibson, yesterday with 60,000 rations. Get in communication with Groton, of Denver, and see what corn he wants.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 24, 1865-11. 50 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. HUNT,

Merrill's Horse, Cairo, Ill.:

General Thomas desires you to proceed with your command to Nashville. The commanding officer at Cairo was requested by General Dodge to forward your command to that point in case no orders were received from General Thomas.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

