
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., February 24, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have returned to this post with the expedition sent into Arkansas under my command. The result of the expedition was that it was found that the enemy has no organized force in Northern Arkansas, but all Northern Arkansas and Southern Missouri is infested by bands of guerrillas, who will not stand to fight and only harass the citizens. The country was thoroughly scouted and fifteen of these robbers killed. McRae has left Jacksonport. No enemy there. I had one man mortally and one sergeant severely wounded. I will send full report by mail. *

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT, SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., February 24, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FRANKLIN, MO.:

SIR: The major-general commanding the department that no citizens of Franklin should be compelled to work on block-houses. The order heretofore issued from these headquarters directing you to impress all disloyal men and rebel sympathizers for said work is therefore revoked and you will not hereafter impress any such men. Those already set at work will be released at once.

By order of Colonel J. Weydemeyer, Forty-first Missouri Volunteers, commanding sub-district:

HENRY HUHN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., February 24, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that there are indications of an early movement of guerrillas into this district from Arkansas, and that in order to fully protect the line to Springfield and guard the stores at this post an additional force will be required to replace the troops that are being mustered out of service. A regiment of infantry for garrisoning the forts and local guards would be effective for that purpose.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, February 24, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 52, paragraph 3, current series, from your headquarters, relieving me from command of the district on the arrival of General McNeil. I am profoundly grateful to the major-general commanding for his com-

---------------

*See p. 62.

---------------

