
plimentary acknowledgment of my services. I can only say that I have labored hard and faithfully to organize and control for the general good the affairs of this district, which I found greatly deranged and complicated with many delicate troubles. If I have so disposed of them as to satisfy my superiors I feel compensated for my efforts. My term of service will expire in a very short time. The 8th of March the first company of my regiment goes out.

Thanking the major-general commanding and his staff for the uniform kindness, courtesy, and consideration shown me in my official intercourse with department headquarters, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 24, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the contractors on the Pacific Railroad west of this being so full of apprehension about the security of working parties on the road, I have thought it best to transfer to that section all the force I could spare. I have accordingly sent to that line four more companies, which I trust will not only secure the road, but quiet the fears of the contractors. The mail contractors are also now satisfied with the protection given their coaches, &amp;c. Colonel Harding telegraphs me that he fears he will not be able to raise the company of volunteer militia in Jackson County; too much dissension among the people. I have ordered him to persist in the effort to organize the company, to harmonize the people, and impress upon them the absolute necessity of this company. He says he can organize companies under my Orders, Numbers 2, but I have instructed him to forego that until all effort under General Orders, Numbers 3, from State headquarters, failed. These companies are not filling up as rapidly as I had hoped. In some localities they are progressing very satisfactorily and will be full by the 28th. I have detailed for this recruiting service energetic and popular officers. It will be necessary to have the time for the organization extended, and I respectfully suggest that it should, if possible, run to the 10th of March proximo. I have ordered one more company to La Fayette County, making three companies now there. Captain Burris, of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is in charge of scouts in that county, and he is doing excellent broken up their haunts. The deportation of the female aiders and abettors reported by me a day or two since will about insure quiet there for some time to come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 24, 1865.

Major BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

One of my scouts returned from Red River last night and reports that the rebel officers claim to have 60,000 men in the service on this

