
HUNTSVILLE, February 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Jackson with seventeen men reported at Roanoke this morning, going north. He killed one of the Roanoke Militia. It is thought he will go toward Beckelheimer's Mill.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

HUNTSVILLE, February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE:

You have ordered part of Mayo's men to Sturgeon. He has a scout out, which leaves him a small force, but will start in pursuit to-night. Can you have Captain Denny ordered back to Roanoke?

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

FREMONT, February 24, 1865-3. 50 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Powder River is 150 miles north of Fort Laramie, on direct line from Julesburg 250 or 300 miles. From my knowledge of Indians I am satisfied that the only way to end the present trouble will be to pursue and whip them before grass comes. Their ponies are worn down now, and I feel sanguine I can overtake and destroy them. It will take 10,000 soldiers to protect the two lines from Kearny to Salt Lake, via Laramie and Denver, unless we are able to punish the Indians severely before emigration commences. Major Mackey, of the Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, telegraphs me to-day that he is expecting trouble daily in the vicinity of Laramie and west of there. Says posts are weak all through the West Sub-District and asks re-enforcements. I have tendered the Overland Stage Company on my part of the lines all the guards required to render the line safe. This service is using up an immense amount of horses. Our supply for the troops already here is sadly deficient. Roads here very bad. I will get to Columbus to-night.

ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., February 24, 1865.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

On the 6th instant I was constrained to proclaim martial law throughout this Territory, so as to raise troops for the defense of the settlements and to again open mail and transportation communications with the East. In so doing I naturally involved the United States in more or less expense, but just as little as possible. The weather is very cold here and quite a fall of snow, making it imperative to issue tents, as there is not a ranch standing from here to Julesburg, a distance of 190 miles, which can be occupied by troops, and yet these troops (raw militia) are compelled to be out day and night. There were a few wall-tents in the quartermaster's department here which were issued to the first companies; afterward old hospital tents had to be issued. I am aware this issue is irregular, but it could not be avoided. The climate is so very different from what it is in the East, men could not possibly

