
Indian war could be brought to a speedy close, but until that is done hostilities will be, indefinitely prolonged by the surviving actors in the horrible massacres of 1862, who have no hope of pardon fro their crimes. I have brought this subject to the frequent notice of the War Department, through Major-General Pope, and I have also recommended that authority be given me to exclude British traders and half-breeds from our soil, but thus far without any result. The influence of these last mentioned classes upon the powerful Indian tribes within this district is very strong and is exerted to foment disaffection against the Government and to encourage the continuance of hostilities by the bands of Sioux. This fact is notorious, and yet these traders and half-breeds are permitted free intercourse with all the Indians within our territory. I respectfully urge that you will represent these matters to the superior authorities in Washington, as has already been done by major-General Pope, that some action may be taken to allow the military commanders of this department and district to abate the evils I have mentioned. If authorized to do so I will put a prompt end to the daily intercourse of these British subjects with the savages within the jurisdiction of the United States with the strong hand.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, February 24, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

All the troops of both regiments will have left here by to-morrow. I will be in Saint Louis Sunday. I cannot fill up all the officers here, but I think I can in Saint Louis.

SULLY,

General.

SAINT CHARLES HOTEL, New Orleans, February 25, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I see by the morning paper that a mail leaves the city for Matamoras to-day at 3 p. m. The arrangements I have made require that my purpose to go to the Rio Grande should not be known in Matamoras till some days after my arrival in that vicinity. If you will delay the departure of the mail above mentioned I am confident you will facilitate my business. Hold it back a week at least, and oblige,

Your friend and obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 25th day of

