
February, 165: A communicate from Lieutenant G. G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, La., February 20, 1865, states it is reported by reliable parties that the rebel pickets between Baton Rouge and Clinton, La., were withdrawn on the 18th instant. A communication from Lieutenant C. H. Keller, Vicksburg, February 18, 1865, states that he has learned from deserters that on the 27th day of January two brigades belonging to Lee's corps were at Meridian. It was reported the remainder of the corps had gone to South Carolina. Cheatham's corps was at Tupelo. The general impression in Mississippi at that time was that Hood's army would go to South Carolina. One deserter states that the entire command of General Griffith will not number over 450 men (effective). This command was at Jackson on the 10th instant (doubtful). Ross' brigade is at Canton.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 24. Half-Way House, La., February 25, 1865.

I. Brigadier General William A. Pile, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for duty in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 50, current series, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, composed of the following regiments: Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry. Brigadier-General Pile will report in person to these headquarters at Pensacola, Fla., with as little delay as practicable.

II. Colonel C. W. Drew, Seventy-sixth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, having reported to these headquarters pursuant to orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, composed of the following regiments: Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEPARATE CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 1. New Orleans, February 25, 1865.

I. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 39, extract 5, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La., February 8, 1865, I hereby assume command of the mounted troops composing the Separate Cavalry Brigade.

II. The regiments of this brigade are hereby assigned their respective positions in line of battle, namely: Second Regiment New York [Veteran] Cavalry on the right, Second Regiment Illinois Cavalry on the left, First Louisiana Cavalry on the right center, Thirty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry on the left center.

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

