HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Post of Napoleonville, La., February 25, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from La Fourche District, of dates February 20 and 23, I have the honor to report that I have placed a picket guard at Kittredge's sugar-houses, one upon the canal road to watch the passage back of Kittredge's sugar-house, and who, while they guard the approaches to Napoleonville, observe the roads in and to Beasley's plantation, and by the same across the canal. In addition to that I have established a patrol force to scout the canal road and observe the country upon both sides as far down as Pike's plantation. To watch this whole country perfectly in and around Napoleonville I have not sufficient force, as will be seen by the following figures: There have been present for duty for the past two days at this post 34 non-commissioned officers and 69 privates, with 41 men on daily duty; in addition to which there is one company of the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteer Infantry with 52 men for duty acting as a provost guard. This comprised our whole strength until last evening, when Company D arrived with 10 non-commissioned officers and 22 privates. With this small number the best disposition of patrols and pickets has been made that possibly could be. In addition to the daily duties of the regiment, almost every available man is now employed in serving notifications upon drafted men, which have been sent here for the purpose, and which must be served within ten days from date of draft. I would further respectfully add that in addition to the usual picket guard and patrol, I send out frequently small parties at night for the purpose of observing any force of the enemy who may have crossed Lake Verret or Grand Bayou. With regard to the recent raid made upon Pugh's and Kock's plantations, not being present at the time it was made, but absent on a scout at Bayou Goula, I do not know the particulars and can make no report. There are, however, various routes which it is possible and practicable for small parties of guerrillas to approach and pass Napoleonville. They can cross Grand Bayou at the foot of Doctor Martin's lane and come down the La Fourche road, or at Paincourtville take the Cut-off and come around at the foot of Jones' lane, near Napoleonville, which is a good road; or they can still take another road coming up from Grand Bayou. About half way up Doctor Ford's road they can pass through the plantations behind Paincourtville to Bayou Saint Vincent, or at about its center, and crossing that they can pass through a ridge of woodland beyond Kittredge's sugar-house and out of sight of the picket stationed there, and come out upon the canal road between Beasley's and Pike's plantations. The enemy can also cross the lower part of Lake Verret, strike the road that leads to Landry's, as seen upon Lieutenant Miles' camp, and from there proceed to Labadieville, or proceed across the Little Texas, from which place they can take a cut-off on to the canal road and approach Napoleonville. In view of all these approaches, I have picket-posts on the La Fourche road above and below Napoleonville, one upon the canal road protected by patrols, one at Kittredge's sugar-house, and one at the foot of Jones' lane.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLARD SAYLES,

Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Regiment and Post.

