
arrived yet from above. There are but 200 cavalry at this post. Please send me the order for the artillery horses as soon as possible. The captain is of the opinion that the horses are better suited for cavalry than artillery purposes.

J. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 27. Memphis, Tenn., February 25, 1865.

I. For the purpose of preventing suffering and abuse, Colonel John Eaton, Jr., Sixty-third U. S. Infantry (colored), and general superintendent of freedman, is ordered to systematize all Government efforts in behalf of refugees. All officers caring for the same will be subject to his orders. Post and district commanders will at his request detail such officers to assist him as are necessary and can be spared from other duties without manifest injury to the service.

II. Islands and other points of security of the river will be occupied, under Colonel Eaton's direction, for the benefit of white and colored refugees, where he will organize labor at wood cutting and cultivating the soil, for their own comfort and support and the benefit of the army, navy, and commerce. All word yards connected with the freedman will be under the same supervision and control.

III. Whenever they can be spared guards will be stationed in such numbers as may be necessary to save peril to boats and prevent smuggling supplies to the enemy, and no supplies will be allowed at any of these wood yards without the approval of the general superintendent of freedman or that of the officer he may designate.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 25, 1865-10. 50 a. m.

(Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Honorable a. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Have examined into the assessment as directed in your telegram of 14th instant. It was ordered by General Dodge before I took commanded. Full report of facts send by mail.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 25, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob:

You can withdraw the company at Farmington and place it at Fredericktown if you desire.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

