
HUNTSVILLE, MO., February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Macon:

It is thought that Jackson is making his way into Iowa by way of the east side of the Chariton, and I think if you can possibly send some cavalry to Callao you could intercept him at that point.

C. F. MAYO,

Captain, Commanding Cavalry.

COLUMBUS, February 25, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Major Mackey, commanding West Sub-District, telegraphs me to-day that every person is alarmed in the neighborhood of Laramie and Deer Creek; citizens leaving. Deer Creek is 100 miles west of Laramie. We are in the midst of a terrible storm to-day, and very cold.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, February 25, 1865.

(Received 10. 15 a. m. 27th.)

Major-General DODGE:

Just received the following dispatch:

FORT KEARNY, February 25, 1865.

My scouts on great Indian trail returned to Mud Springs, reporting snow so deep they cannot follow train. Colonel Collins arrived at Julesburg this 6 p. m . He reports a general concentration of Indians north for war on the Platte route in the spring. No coaches from Atchison yet. Streams all swollen and bridges reported gone.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROBT. S. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, February 25, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest:

GENERAL: Your letter to me of the 29th February has just been forwarded to me here from Dubuque. I am still here on duty organizing the two rebel regiments. You wish me to give you some facts as regards the settlements and Indians in Dakota. Commencing at Fort Union, the farthest post I occupy, I have stationed one company of the Thirtieth Wisconsin which I had to leave there to guard the stores sent up the river to establish a four-company post up the Yellowstone; there being no water in the Yellowstone that season prevented the establishing of the post. This command I found would have a very good effect in preventing the Crows and Assinaboines from joining the hostile Sioux, giving them a point to rally on, for their more numerous neighbors, the Sioux, had by threats and aggressions almost succeeded in getting them to join them. Such was also the case with the Rees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans, small tribes friendly to the whites who have their villages near Fort Berthold, and for that reason I left one company of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry at that post. I would have left two com-

