
panies, but there was no accommodation for them, and the season was too far advanced to build. From Berthold north to the British line, east to Devil's Lake, and south to a stream called Painted Woods, nearly opposite old Fort Clark and on the east side of the Missouri, this section of country is occupied by bands of the Santee or Minnesota Sioux and other bands of hostile Sioux, say about 600 or 800 lodges, Indians who have not made peace with me or have been induced to break the peace. All this section is visited by large bands of half-breeds from the British possessions. They come with carts and wagons loaded with goods, powder, and arms to trade with the Indians and urge them to commit depredations against our people, so that they may have all the fur trade. I am told they frequently plant the English flag on the banks of the Missouri in a defiant manner. Large bands of these Indians cross the Missouri and follow up the Little Missouri and Gros Ventre Rivers on hunting parties, a country so terribly broken up it is almost an impossibility of finding any small band that may take refuge there. This section on the Little Missouri is also frequented by other bands, small in number and scattered, who have sent in word to me they wish to make peace, but have not come in as yet. Owing to the nature of the country they infest they can give great trouble to any small party of troops. Out of the sections of this country above mentioned and within my district I do not apprehend there will be any very serious difficulty with Indians. War parties will no doubt from time to any visit the lower country for the purpose of stealing horses, and if any small body of whites have the misfortunate to meet them they will fare badly. The next post that I have is at Fort Rice, garrisoned by six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers. This post by land is about eighty miles south of Berthold. Near here, on the east bank of the Missouri, near Beaver Creek, is a large camp of Yanktonnais, of which Two Bear is the chief. These Indians were at war with me last year, but made peace and have since shown every disposition to keep it.

Following down the Missouri River, encamped on different streams emptying into it and on both sides of the Missouri, are different bands of Sioux, who have also made peace. Small parties of whites have been frequently, during the winter, passing up and down the banks of the river between Fort Rice and Fort Sully, and have not been in the least molested. The section of country between the Missouri and James Rivers, and south of the latitude of Fort Rice down to the latitude of Crow Creek Agency, is a barren waste, little or, you may say, no timber, and not a great deal of water, and that of the very poorest kind. It is, however, the great buffalo hunting ground of the friendly Sioux. No doubt it is also visited by bands of hostile Indians from the north. Leaving the garrison of Fort Sully, which consists of three companies of cavalry, you come to the Crow Creek Agency, about eighty miles. I have established a small block-house on the banks of the Missouri, about half way between these two posts, occupied by about ten men as a place of shelter for soldiers carrying the mail. The Crow Creek Agency has been lately established as a reservation for the Winnebagoes and Minnesota Sioux, but there are very few of them there. They have nearly all left, having been starved out. I keep one company of cavalry here to protect these Indians and the white men employed at the agency. The next post down the river is fort Randall badly located on the south side of the river. It would have been better located on the other side of the river, a few miles down and near to the Yankton Agency. Randall is about ninety miles from Crow Creek. I have a block-house with fifteen men about half way between these places for the convenience of travelers and the mail carriers.

