
receive intelligence that a delegation from the latter tribe have come to Fort Bascom to make overtures for peace. I have authorized three parties to go out to their country to procure three American women and three children said to be held captive by them, and to procure one Mexican boy stolen from Chihuahua. When these parties return we shall known more definitely whether any durable compact can be made having in view a peace with these tribes, when you will be duly notified of the result.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 28. Washington, February 26, 1865.

The Thirteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps having been reorganized by Major-General Canby, by direction of the President Major General Gordon Granger is assigned to the command of the former and Major General A. J. Smith to the latter, their assignments to date from February 18.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 57. New Orleans, La., February 26, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Major General F. Steele is assigned to the command of the troops operating from Pensacola Bay and will proceed to Barancas, Fla., to complete the organization and preparation of his column. He will have for the purpose of preparation the control of the depot of supplies at Barrancas, and will make requisitions for any additional supplies that may be needed upon the depots in Mobile Bay.

4. Captain John R. Thomspon, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, will report without delay to Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins, commanding division of colored infantry, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

11. Brigadier General M. Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the District of Natchez, and will proceed without delay to this city and report for orders to the commanding general Department of the Gulf.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 23. New Orleans, La., February 26, 1865.

Paragraph 2, General Orders, Numbers 80, series of 1864, from these headquarters, which declares that "no permit or safe-conduct for any point on the tributaries of the Mississippi or other inland waters beyond the limits of actual occupation will be effective without the join approval of the commander of the Mississippi or West Gulf

