
Blockading Squadron and the commander of the Division of West Mississippi," is hereby so modified as to read: "The commanding generals of the Departments of Mississippi or of the Gulf, within the limits of their respective commands, and under such special instructions as may be given, instead of the commander of the Division of West Mississippi. "

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. Near New Orleans, La., February 26, 1865.

Major J. B. Sample, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 26, from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, dated at Eastport, Miss., January 29, 1865, is announced as assistant adjutant-general of this division.

By order of Brigadier General K. Garrard:

JAS. B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. New Orleans, La., February 26, 1865.

I. In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 22, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, dated February 22, 1865, the following is fixed as the amount of transportation allowed to the regiments of this division, based upon the aggregate present in each regiment: One hundred and nineteenth Illinois, 439 aggregate, 2 wagons; One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, 425 aggregate, 2 wagons; Eighty-ninth Indiana, 447 aggregate, 2 wagons; Twenty-first Missouri, 488 aggregate, 2 wagons; Twenty-seventh Iowa, 489 aggregate, 2 wagons; Thirty-second Iowa, 409 aggregate, 2 wagons; Fifty-eighth Illinois, 228 aggregate, 1 wagon; Tenth Kansas, 214 aggregate, 1 wagon; One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, 481 aggregate, 2 wagons; One hundred and seventy-eighth New York, 253 aggregate, 2 wagons; Fifty-second Indiana, 309 aggregate, 2 wagons; Thirty-fourth New Jersey, 628 aggregate, 3 wagons.

II. The camp equipage will be reduced in obedience to the order referred to above. All surplus Government property should be transferred to the depot and finally disposed of at this place rather than stored, as most of the regiments go out of service before next fall. It is essential to the interests of the men that the records of the regiments and companies should be at all times with their commands, and as it will be impossible to carry the large desks in use, these records should be retained in some convenient form for transportation though the desks are left. The surplus wagons and mules will be transferred to the division quartermaster after our arrival near Mobile.

By order of Brigadier General K. Garrard:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. -Until further orders no change will be made in the allowance of orderlies as regulated from these headquarters. Besides the wagons allowed at brigade headquarters one more will be retained for the proportion of enlisted men on duty at each brigade.

