HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, February 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER BONNET CARRE BEND:

I am directed by Brigadier-General Sherman to instruct you to guard the country as much as you are bale as high up as College Point. Whilst it is expected of you to keep a vigilant eve upon the bayous and outlets leading to the lake, and prevent smuggling and illicit trade, it is not expected you will so closely adhere to the system of closely picketing them all, as has been done heretofore, at least not until la larger force is sent there. Your duty in the premises will be to study the country and to station your pickets as will best subserve the object in view, whilst at the same time fulfilling the always necessary condition of having your troops in hand. The troops should be marched about as much as practicable, and the picket stations frequently changed from one point to another. Great care must be taken not to annoy quiet, peaceable, and loyal citizens, and that good order prevail at all times with the troops under your command. Your attention is invited to General Orders, Numbers 45, series of 1864, from headquarters Defenses of New Orleans, and the numerous general orders on this subject.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 26, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you this morning of my action in removing General Ullmann and sending General E. J. Davis temporarily to the Morganza, command. From the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Chadwick, inspector, it seems General Ullmann has not been in condition for several days to give his best attention to the duties devolving upon him, and Captain L. B. Morey, of my staff, reports likewise. As the rebels were reported to be active on the Atchafalaya, and the garrison at Morganza had been reduced, I did not deem it altogether safe to leave General Ullmann there, and so relieved him, directing that he should report to the adjutant-general, Department of the Gulf. General Davis has assumed command temporarily. I had hoped before this to have heard from General McKean, who I understood was to be assigned to that district. General Ullmann reports a heavy rebel force crossing the Atchafalaya with artillery, but I cannot believe that any number of troops are there just at present. The condition of the roads alone would prevent any such movement. I shall known within a day or two what is going on in that section. Everything is prepared for the movement from here at the time fixed. The weather and roads are terrible. We have had but one clear day in two weeks, but nothing shall delay the movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

