HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 26, 1865. (Received 27th.)

Captain J. McC. BELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: For the information of the major-general commanding Military Division of the Missouri, I submit such information as I have relative to the rebel force on Red River and in that vicinity. Price, Magruder, Stand Watie, Gano, &amp;c., commands are near Camden, Boggy Depot, and Washington, and other points in the Choctaw Nation. They are doing what they can to fit their commands for the field, mounting, equipping, arming, &c. The force is said to be in pretty good condition. Scouts that have been there say it is the general talk that they will make a raid north early in the spring, or as soon as grass grows. Rebels in Missouri universally believe that Price is again coming north. Deserters from his army say he tells them he is going back to Missouri and Kansas, but they also state that this is said to hold his Missouri recruits with him. The leading officers are generally dissatisfied with the management, and do not hesitate to denounce Price and his later campaign. I am of the opinion that Price's movements are contingent upon any movement in Texas or Arkansas on our part that may draw his attention. If none is made he will make a movement north. There are men from here now in his camp who will, on their return, be able to give us reliable information. I am convinced that about 1,100 Texas cavalry in Bonham and Sherman Counties, Tex., are preparing for a raid into Kansas by way of Neosho Valley. I propose to use the troops at Forts Scott and Riley to check it. There are some four regiments of rebel cavalry of Shelby's command wintering on Crowley's Ridge, north of the Arkansas River. This is the only organized force north of Arkansas River.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 26, 1865.

MICHAEL STECK, Esq.,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Sante Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: Mr. Delgado said he would sent a party out to endeavor to buy the captives of whom I wrote to you yesterday. I cannot consent to traders going to the Comanche country for any other than the bona fide purpose of trying to get, by purchase or otherwise, the unfortunate persons now held by that people or by the Kiowas. Passports having this purpose in view will be countersigned and the parties permitted to pass through our pickets.

I am, sir, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 27, 1865-12 m.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Among the brevet promotions I do not see the name of General Robert Allen. I think of all the quartermasters in the army he should

