
be breveted a brigadier first. Believing you are agree with me in this, I telegraph to you hoping that you will ask the Secretary of War to make this merited promotion. His date, I think, should place him next to the Quartermaster-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 58. New Orleans, La., February 27, 1865.

* * * * *

10. Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby appointed provost-marshal-general of the army designated for service in the field, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

12. The One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, recently arrived from the Department of Mississippi, is hereby transferred to the Sixteenth Army Corps and will report to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding, for duty.

13. The Eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, and One hundred and eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered from the Department of Mississippi, are hereby transferred to the Sixteenth Army Corps, and will upon arrival here report to the commanding general of the corps for duty.

* * * * *

18. Captain E. J. Thomas, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, will report without delay to the commanding general and to the chief quartermaster of the Sixteenth Army Corps for assignment to duty with the Third Division of that corps.

19. Captain W. McFarland, Corps of Engineers, is hereby ordered to report to the chief engineer of the division at Mobile Bay, Ala., for temporary duty, if in the opinion of the commander of the District of Key West his services can be dispensed with.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., February 27, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to request that you will be pleased to order your command held in readiness to embark as fast as transportation can be furnished. The transports will proceed to Dauphin Island, Ala., and the detachments will disembark there and report to Major General Gordon Granger.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

