
Mobile, and any considerable dissension should arise, as is probable, the Texas and Louisiana troops may endeavor to force a crossing of the Mississippi. Charleston, Savannah, and Wilmington being gone, they may throw this force to Texas as the only hope of saving and sustaining it, Matamoras being now their only outlet and inlet. We fire 100 guns to-day for Charleston. By the way, examine the post at Morganza very carefully, especially as to magazines.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 9. Baton Rouge, La., February 27, 1865.

The following changes are announced on the staff of the major-general commanding: Colonel S. M. Quincy, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Surg. O. M. Humphrey, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in charge; First Lieutenant W. H. Gladwyn, First Texas Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general. Captain J. L. Routt, assistant quartermaster, and Captain E. E. Shelton, commissary of subsistence having been assigned to duty at the post of Baton Rouge, are relieved from duty as announced in General Orders, Numbers 4, from these headquarters, and will hereafter be accounted for on the returns of the District of Baton Rouge.

By order of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., February 27, 1865.

Brigadier General EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: Major-General Halleck is in receipt of your letter of this morning. On its receipt, by his direction, I telegraphed you to cause your ordnance officer to ascertain if there is sufficient ammunition remaining serviceable for present use in case of need, and that officers and material would be sent you as needed on application by telegram or letter. There is no engineer officer obtainable except at New Orleans. The major-general commanding desires you to report whether the works and magazines are so far injured as to make it necessary to send an engineer immediately, or can (with the force you have at your command) the works be placed in suitable condition for defense and the magazines for the temporary protection of the ordnance. Whenever you are satisfied the reports of the movements of the enemy are erroneous you will save the cavalry horses as much as possible from extra labor. The mounted force being small at Morganza, it is essential that no unnecessary work be required of it, and that it be kept in efficient condition. Since writing that above the major-general commanding directs me to say that he has concluded to send to New Orleans for an engineer officer to be sent you, but would like the report as called for in this letter.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

WM. HYDE CLARK,

Chief of Staff.

63 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

