SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 51. Little Rock, Ark., February 27, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to command of the post of Saint Charles, Ark., and will assume duties without delay.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Fort Smith, Ark., February 27, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

I have sent to Fort Gibson supplies for sixty days. The Barton made the trip without accident, and found Colonel Phillips' command entirely destitute. I have assured him that every effort would be made to fully supply all his wants from here, and hope to receive supplies for that purpose. The expense of hauling via Fort Scott is enormous, as the trains are more than half loaded with forage, which is consumed on the way. The route from here to Leavenworth is lined with thieves and robbers, hangers-on to our army, who are carrying on a whole sale system of plunder, stealing cattle and driving them to Kansas under the protection of our escorts. If we can supply the troops from here their avocation is gone, and they will be compelled to leave the country. Considerable forage will also be required at Fort Gibson. If we continue to receive for a few weeks as we have been doing we can furnish all that will be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 27, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 20th instant. Orders will be issued from these headquarters in conformity with War Department General Orders, No. 21, and the cavalry now at Memphis, which originally belonged to this division, will, as a matter of course, remain in the Department of Mississippi. We are still without any advices of the balance of the 2,500 infantry ordered from Memphis on the 28th ultimo, and of which only the Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry has arrived. I have the honor to request that they may be forwarded with all possible dispatch, as well as the Eighth Iowa and One hundred and eighth Illinois, ordered on the 21st instant.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

