HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 27, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communicate of the 23rd instant, relating to the supposed intention of the rebels to place armed launches on the Mississippi with a view to the capture of U. S. transports. This statement is confirmatory of previous reports received, and the naval authorities have been particularly requested to give the matter vigilant attention.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 27, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have received a dispatch from the War Department, of which the inclosed is a copy,* and shall leave by the first boat to take command at Memphis. When I supposed that I was to go to the Army of the James, about two weeks ago, I wrote you requesting that Captain S. E. Rundle, assistant quartermaster, might be ordered to report to me there, but have not heard anything from my application. I want very much a good quartermaster at Memphis, for, with the exception of the depot quartermaster, Colonel Clary, I have no faith in any of them and if you can let me have Captain Rundle I am certain that it will be for the public advantage.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 15. Vicksburg, Miss., February 27, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from the War Department, the undersigned relinquishes the command of the District of Vicksburg to Brigadier General M. L. Smith.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 27, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

General DODGE,

Headquarters Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

CHICAGO, February 27, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

I desire to issue the following notice to emigrants and freighters-have you any modifications to suggest-viz: "I am authorized by Major-General Pope, commanding, to give assurances of ample protection to travel across the plains at an early day; also to say that emigrants and freight trains will be collected together and at short intervals escorted by troops as soon as grass justifies starting, if the route is not rendered safe without by that time. "

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

---------------

*See Halleck to Washburn, February 21, p. 931.

---------------

