
Above dispatch received. Are your arrangements in such condition that Governor Evans can issue this notice? Some point ought to be designated where trains will assemble, and intervals fixed for departure of escorts.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 27, 1865. (Sent 3. 30 p. m.)

Governor FLETCHER,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Have you received my letter of the 20th? I think some such thing as therein suggested is needed. If you put it before the people I will direct the military to co-operate. Please anser.

A. LINCOLN.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., February 27, 1865.

(Received 1 a. m. 28th.)

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your letter of 20th instant has been received. I will diligently, faithfully, and honestly try the policy you suggest, letting none known my utter want of confidence in its success, and preparing for the only other policy as best I can. I will write you to-night. Please withhold any public directions to the military until you receive my letter.

THOS. C. FLETCHER.

JEFFERSON CITY, February 27, 1865-9. 10 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Is General Pope in Saint Louis? I would be thankful for your opinion and his as to the best manner of trying the policy suggested in the President's letter, a copy of which I sent you. Please answer by telegraph.

T. C. FLETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 27, 1865.

BEN. HOLLIDAY, Esq.,

Atchison, Kans.:

DEAR SIR: I received your letter of the 17th instant, covering other communications on the same subject, when I returned to that city a few days since. It was my wish to furnish you all the forage which could be spared from the depots along the Overland route, but upon communicating with that region of country I found that there was not one-third of the forage on hand which had been reported, and that all there was is absolutely needed for cavalry operating against the Indians and for the forces I am sending out to the road from Leavenworth and South Kansas. Whilst, therefore, all necessary protection will hereafter be furnished, I regret that it is not in my power to assist you by

