
lending you the public forage. It will be necessary for you to establish your mail stations, and particularly you main depots, at the military stations, in order that the destruction of supplies may not again occur. The troops will be ordered to furnish you all possible assistance in every way, and to provide your coaches with escorts from post to post whenever it is deemed necessary. I have made and am making such full arrangements of military force along the Overland routes that I think you may safely dismiss apprehension of any such transactions as have occurred recently along those routes. Be assured, sir, that I shall always be glad of any information or suggestions from you on this subject, and that I will omit nothing which is needed to secure safety in the transmission of the mails across the plains.

I am, sir, respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, February 27, 1865-7 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have tendered my resignation and been informally advised it will be accepted in a day or two. General Grant recommends cavalry regiments. Matter is pending in War Office. Assessments will probably not be disturbed here.

THOS. EWING, JR.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 9. Warrensburg, Mo., February 27, 1865.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 52, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, I hereby assume command of the District of Central Missouri. The following additional staff officers are announced: Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant E. G. Manning, Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 54. Springfield, Mo., February 27, 1865.

I. The commanding officers of Companies F and H, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, stationed, respectively, at Quincy and Hermitage, will upon receipt of this order proceed with their commands to this post and report to the commanding officer of their regiment for duty.

II. Colonel R. W. Fyan, Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as commanding officer post of Springfield to enable him to comply with the requirements of Circular, Numbers 36, War Department, series of 1864, his regiment having been reduced to five companies by expiration of term of service.

III. Major George W. Murphy, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding regiment, is hereby detached from his command and assigned to duty as commanding officer post of Springfield, vice Colonel Fyan, relieved. He will assume command without delay.

