32.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE RULES.
The following is the  select committee of the .
House, on the subject of the rules and. orders, ap-
pointed on the second day of the session:
Mr. MERCER of Virginia.
Mr. HAMER of Ohio.
Mr. BRtGGS of Massachusetts.
Mr, SMITH of Maine.
Mr. MUHLENBERG of Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, September 13,1837.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a-petition pro-
testing against receiving Texas into the Union.
Mr. HUBBARD also prssented a memorial from
sundry citizens remonstrating in the strongest man-
ner against the annexation of that province to the
United States. Both of the above were laid on the
table.
Mr. NORVELL presented a petition from the
officers of the revenue cutter Dexter, stating their
duties were equally arduous with those of the offi-
cers of the Navy, and praying that they might be
allowed the same compensation: laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Mr.
Peuchtwanger, accompanying which was a speci-
men exhibiting a new cent made of German silver,
which the petitioner represents to be as cheap as
copper, and more portable.
Mr. MORRIS presented seven memorials from
different counties in Ohio, remonstrating against
the admission of Texas into the Union; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT, from  the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the following bills:
A BILL to authorize the issuing of Treasury notes.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause Treasury
notes, for such sum or sums as he may think expe-
dient, but not exceeding, in the whole amoant of
notes issued, the sum of                 millions of dol-
lars, and of denominations not less than one hun-
dred dollars for any one note, to be prepared,
signed, and issued in the manner hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes, authorized to be issued by the first
section of this act, shall be reimbursed and re-
deemed by the United States, at the Treasury
thereof, after the expiration of one year from the
dates of the said notes, respectively; from which
said dales, for the term of one year, and no longer,
they shall bear such interest as shall be expressed
upon the face of the said notes; which rate of
interest, upon each several issue of the said notes,
shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury, by
and with the advice and approbation of the Presi-
dent; but shall in no case exceed the rate of interest
of six per centum per annum. The reimbursement
herein provided for shall be made at the Treasury
of the United States, to the holders of the said
notes, respectively, upon presentment, and shall
include the principal of each note, and the interest
due thereon at the time of payment For this
reimbursement, at the time and times herein spe-
cified, the faith of the United States is hereby
solemnly pledged.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be prepared under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and shall be
respectively signed, on bahalfof the United States,
by the Treasurer thereof, and countersigned by the
Register of the Treasury. And that those officers
respectively shall, as checks upon each other, and
to secure the public safety, keep separate, full, and
accurate accounts of the number, date, deno-
mination, and amount of all the notes signed and
countersigned by them, respectively; which said ac-
counts shall be carefully preserved and placed on
file in the Treasury Department; and also similar
accounts, ltept and preserved in the same manner,
of all the said notes redeemed, as the same
shall be returned and cancelled; and the Treasurer
shall further account, quarterly, for all such notes
delivered to him for signature, or issue, by the Re-
gister. The Treasurer and Register of the Treasu-
ry are hereby authorized, by and with the consent
and approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to ernpluy such additional temporary clerks as the
duties enjoined upon them by this section may ren-
dar necessary; the compensation of each clerk so
employed to be fixed by the Secretary.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby autho-
rized, with the approbation of the President of the
United States, to cause to be issued such portion of
the said Treasury notes as the President may think
expedient, in payment of debts due by the United
States to* such public creditors or other persons as
may choose to receive such notes in payment, as
aforesaid, at par. And the Secretary of the Trea-
sury is further authorized, with the approbation of
the President of the United States, to borrow, from
time to time, not under par, such sums as the Pre-
sident may think expedient, on the credit of such
notes.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be transferable, by delivery
and assignment endorsed thereon, by the person to
whose order the same shall, on the face thereof,
have been made payable.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be everywhere received in
payment of all duties and taxes laid by the autho-
rity of the United States, of all public lands sold by
the said authority, and of all debts due to the United
States, of any character whatsoever. And, on
every such payment, credit shall be given tor the
amount of the principal and interest which, on the
day of such payment, may be due on the note or
notes thus given in payment.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, autho-
rized and directed to cause to be reimbursed and
paid the principal and interest of the Treasury notes
« hich may be issued by virtue of this act, at the
several time and times when the same, according
to the provisions of this ad, should be thus reim-
bursed and paid. And the said Secretary is further
authorized to make purchases of the said notes, at
a price not exceeding par, for the amount of the
principal and interest due at the time of purchase
on such notes. And so much of any moneys in
the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, as may
be necessary for that purpose, is hereby appro-
priated, for paying the principal and interest of
said notes.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That a sum of
thousand dollars, to be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, for de-
fraying the expense of preparing, printing, engrav-
ing, signing, and otherwise incident to the issuing
of the Treasury notes authorized by this act.
Sec. 9. Andbe it farther enacted, That if any per-
son shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause
or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counter-
feited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely making,
forging, or counterfeiting, any note, in imitation of,
or purporting to be a Treasury note aforesaid; or
shall falsely alter, or cause or procure to be falsely
altered, or willingly aid or assist in falsely altering,
any Treasury note issued as aforesaid; or shall
pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or
publish, as true, any false, forged, or counterfeited
note, purporting to be a Treasury note as aforesaid,
knowing the same to be falsely forged or counter-
feited; or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to
pass, utter, or publish, as true, any falsely altered
Treasury note, issued as aforesaid, knowing the
same tobe falsely altered, every such person shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and being
therefore convicted by due course of law, shall be
sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labor
for a period not less than three years, nor more
than ten years, and be lined in a sum not exceeding
five thousand dollars.
Sec. 10. Andbe itfurllier enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, andhe is hereby ,authorized to
make and issue, fiom time to time, such instruc-
tions, rules, and regulations to the several collec-
tors, receivers of public money, depositories, and
all others who may be authorized to receive the
said Treasury notes on behalf of, and as agents in
any capacity for, the United States, as to the safe-
keeping, disposition, return, and cancelling of the
said notes so. paid to and received by them respec-
tively, and as to their accounts and returns to the de-
partment of all such receipts as may seem to him
best calculated to'promote the public interests and
convenience, and secuie the United States and lhe
holders of the said notes against frauds and losses,
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be, and hereby is, made the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause a statement to be publish-
ed, monthly, of the amount of all Treasury notes
issued or redeemed in pursuance of the provisions
of this act.
A BILL authorizing a further postponement of
payment upon duty .bonds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of ftppresen-
talivesoflhe United States cf America in Congress as-
sembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized to grant such further
extension of credit upon all bonds for duties now
outstanding, as shall make the whole extension of
credit upon each bond six months from the time
when the original bond became due and payable,
making the extension in each case to depend upon
the same conditions as to additional security, the
payment of interest, and other terms, which .have
been prescribed by the Treasury Department to the
extension of revenue bonds since May last: Provid-
ed, That nothing herein contained shall be constru-
ed to include any existing bonds, where the parties
to the same have not, since the bonds became pay-
able, given additional security, or made part pay-
ment, and are, by the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, considered insolvent, or unsafe securilies for
the payment of their bonds.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ad-
ditional credit of six months, granted by the first
section of this act, upon outstanding duty bonds,
shall be upon the same terms and conditions
granted upon all bonds for duties which may be
given during the period of one year from and after
lhe first day of October, in the yeal one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-seven.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That where the
security in any bond which has been, or may heie-
after be postponed, is entirely satisfactory, the prin-
cipal or sureties in the same shall not be disabled
from being in the mean time, till the period of post-
ponement provided for by this act expires, received
as principal or sureties in other bonds for duties,
notwithstanding the bond first given may not have
been actually pa:l, discharged, or extended before
or on the day it fell due: Provided, That such prin-
cipal and sureties shall be found, in all other re-
spects, safe and satisfactory security for the bonds
to which they may be proposed as parties.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the opera-
tion of all prior laws, and parts of laws, so far as
inconsistent with this act, be suspended in the parti-
culars in which they may conflict with, or differ
from, its provisions, until this act shall cease by its
own limitation.
A BILL for adjusting the remaining claims upon
the deposite banks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to continue to with-
draw the public moneys now remaining in any of
the former deposite banks, in a manner as gradual
and convenient to the institutions as shall be con-
sistent with the pecuniary wants of the Govern-
ment, and the safety of the funds thus to be drawn;
and that no further interest lhan that required by
the deposite act of the twenty-third of June, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, under which
those deposites were made, shall be demanded of
any bank which has met, or shall hereafter meet,
the requisitions of the department. This provision
shall also extend to such public moneys as may re-
main in any of the said banks, whether standing
to the credit of the Tieasurer of the United States,
or of any disbursing or other public officer of the
Government.
Sec. 2. And be it. further enacted, That in case of
neglect or refusal by any of the said banks to com-
ply with the requisitions of lhe Secretary of the
Treasury, as he shall make them, in conformity
with the first section of this act, suits shall be insti-
tuted, where that has not already been done, t o
