^8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
offence shall have been committed; and the person
so offending, or the officers of the corporation so
offending, s>hall, on conviction thereof, be fined in
a sum not exceeding fifty dollars, at the discretion
of the court, for every .offence: one-half of said
fine shall be paid to the prosecutor, the other half
shall be for the use of the county where the offence
shall have been commuted ; and the person so of-
fending, and the officers of any corporation, shall
also be liable to pay the amount of any note, bill,
check, draft, or other paper, constituting part of
such currency, to any holder thereof, with all costs
incident to the proleM and legal collection thereof,
with filly pet cent, damages for non-payment on
demand, to be recovered by action summarily and
without delav, and with a right of immediate dis-
covery on oath, in all cases where the defendant
shall deny tne issuing, or passing, or attempting to
pass, the note, bill, check, draft, or other paper m
question; and m case of judgment for (he plaintiff,
execution thereon shall be had foithwith ; and it
shall be the duty of the District Attorney of the
District of Columbia to commence prosecutions
against all persons and every corporation offending
against this section, of which he shall have know-
ledge or probable information ¡ and,, in case of cor-
porations, the prosecution shall be against the
president, or "any director or cashier thereof, for
the time being; and it shall be the doty of the
grand jurors to present all such offences of which
they shallhavc knowledge or probable information;
and that no member of a giand jury shall be igno-
rant of his duty in tins particular, it shall be the
duty of the court having cognizance of all offences
against this section to give the same m charge to
the grand juries, at the commencement of the first
term after the passage of this act.
Mr. HUBBARD offered a resolution that the
time of meeting hereafter shall be 10 o'clock, until
otherwise ordered; which lies on the table.
STATE DEPOSITES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, the bill to postpone the payment of
the fourth instalment of the deposites with the
Sta'es.
Mr. RIVES said he understood that this day the
Committee on Finance expected to make, a full re-
port on the subjects which had been referred to
them. But there was one subject most interesting
to the country, on which they had not reported at
all; they had reported no bill to designate the kinds
of funds in which the public dues are to be re-
ceived. As Mr. R had understood it to be the
general sense of the Senate, that no action should
be had on any measure till all should be reported,
he would now move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WRIGHT said the Committee on Finance
bad taken up the Message of the President, and
the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury, had
given them a full consideration, and had now re-
ported all the measures which they proposed to re-
port, cr which they deemed it their duty to report.
They had considered the subject mentioned by the
Senator from Virginia, and had concluded to let
the law on that subject remain as it is.
Mr. RIVES said, that not having an opportunity
to know the views of the committee, he had taken
¿1 for granted that they would report on every sub-
ject embraced in ¡he Message and Treasury report,
both of which, he belie\*.d, had suggested that it
ought to be determined in what kind; of funds the
revenue should be collected. Jt was now announced
by the chairman that no communication from the
committee would be. made on the subject. Mr. R.
would, therefore, proceed on the assumption that
the committee intended to leave the laws on thai
subject as they now are; and, that being the ca^e,
and Mr. R. believing that all the measures pro-
posed and to he proposed, would have a mutual
bearing and dependence on each other; and believ-
ing it to be infinitely more important to the country
that what Congress should do should be well ¿one
rather than don.' quickly, Mr. R. moved that when'
the Senate adjourned it should adjourn to meet on
Monday next, that all the bills reported on the sub-
ject might be examined., compared, and carefully
considered by members before the Senate came to
act on them. Mr. R. said it was as inconvenient
for him to remain here as it would bo lor any one;
but whatever the inconvenience, he preferred that
all measures should be duly and amply considered.
Mr. NiLES adverted to the fact that they were
now on the second week of the session, which was
expected to continue but a few weeks in all, «rid
they had yet made no progress. He commended
highly the-diligence and expedition of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and he had heard with much sur-
prise a proposition of delay in the Senate. He
thought it would serve still more to unsettle the
public mind; and he could not answer it to his con-
stituents to agree to any delay.
Mr. WRIGHT said it was but justice to him-
self and the committee to say, that it was not their
purpose to piess any measure unkindly, unneces-
sarily, or picmatureiy upon the Senate. And even
if such bad been t eir disposition, it was not in
their power. But Mr. W. had been requested by
the members of the committee ¡u say that the
committee had already reported all that they ex-
pected to report on the subject. The com-
mittee had had free and full consultations with the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subjects referred
to in the Message and the report, and had now
submitted to the Senate all the measures which it
appeared to ther.-. proper to propose. The facts
before them showeel a high necessity of speedy ac-
tion, on the two first bills at least, with which the
latter bills had no intimate connection. Mr. W,
would, therefore, ask that the first (the peistpone-
ment of the deposite) bill might be considered this
morning, and to this effect several Senators had
expressed to him their wishes. Under these evi-
dences of such a disposition in the body, no oiie
could suppose that he (Mr. W.) had any desire un-
kindly to press the action of the Senate on any sub-
ject.
Mr. RIVES said he did not attribute, any un-
kindness to the Senator.    He knew too well his ac-
customed parliamentary courtesy to suspect him of
such a disposition.    But that honorable member,
as well as the honorable member from Connecticut,
must perceive, that there were other members whose
situation  was   materially   different   from   theirs.
They from  the first had free access to all the docu-
ments on  the subject, and the advantage of free
communication with the head of the Treasury De-
partment.    But such was not the case with all the
members, and it was not so with himself.   He and
others had not been aware of the character of the
President's Message, till it was communicated; and
they had not prepared themselves to act on an as-
sumption of what it  might be.   Mr. R. therefore
now askrd the privilege of time to consider the sub-
ject for himself; and  not for  the purpose, as had
been intimated by the Senator from Connecticut, of
private consultation.    Mr.  R. was determined to
act on his own responsibility, without private con-
sultation, and if there had been, or was to be, any
such consultation, it ■« as not by him.    The expec
tations of the constituiente of the Senator from Con-
necticut were different from thoseof Mr. R's consti-
tuents,that they should merely set themachine of Go-
vernmentinoperalion, and then go home. MrR. was
not sent here for the relief of the Government mere-
ly, but for the relief of the people first; and espe-
cially Mr. R. did not wish  to cast (he slightest re-
proach  on the Committee on Finance, but they
would permit him to say, that he did not perceive
in the measures which the committee had proposed,
any thing to relievo; the sufferings of the commu-
nity.    They were merely convenient for the Go-
vernment, and were so  far important.    But Mr.
II. fell hound to his constituents to provide some
remedy, ifaiiv could be found, for their distresses,
and tho.se of the community at large; and there was
one winch Mr. R. thought very obvious.    Restore
but confidence through the country, and it would
aaam at once be erect and prosperous.    But whore
was anv thing from ihe committee that could have
any such tendency?
Such a measure Mr It. was desirous to see; and if it
should appear ftom no other quarter, he wo-ild take
it upon himself, humble as h  was, to offer some
mea-ure having a tendency to produce that result,
and rcbeve the dis-'vsses of his bleeding counlrv.
Gr-n:le:nen had comp-ired the economv of a short
session with the great interests of the country. But
Mr. R. thought if economy alone were to "be con-
sidered, it would be more economical and save the
mileage of a double session, to hold but one session
instead of two, and to go at once upon the general
business of the nation.
Mr. R. had no disposition to remain here; his
private interests demanded that he should be at
home. But he would sacrifice every such interest,
and every personal convenience, on the altar of his
country. JMow, if ever, was the time to restore
confidence; and now, while the elements of nation-
al relief and prosperity were lying dormant before
them, and only requiring the breath, of Congress to
put them rn action, he called upon gentlemen not
merely to think of providing facility for the opera-
tions of Government, but to look to the great inte-
rests of the people.
Mr. R. believed that something might be done
for the good of the community. If the Government
could do harm, it could also do good. He meant
no reproaches^-all Governments were capable of
doing harm, as well-as good; and it was peculiarly
incumbent on ours, at the present crisis, to do what
it could for the good of the country, and to the full
extent of its power. But they ought not to act on
trust. However others might act, Mr. R. could
not act, to h s sa'isfaciion, without examination by
himself. He repeated, that he deemed it infinitely
more important for them to act well than hastily.
Ho might not be so happy as to comprehend these
subjects as readily as others; but he deeply felt their
importance, both to the piesent welfare, and to all
the future destinies of the country.
Whether the session should be long or short,
whether continued to the next or not, depended on
the wisdom and responsibility of Congress. But if
these great and important subjects could not be
well and deliberately disposed of before the first of
December, Mr. R would, by all means, remain;
and he felt now ready to take the oath of the
members of the French convention, not to disperse
till the country should be relieved. As yet, Mr. R.
had not seen one measure proposed for this pur-
pose.
Mr. CALHOUN was understood to say that no
one was more deeply impressed than he, with the
difficulty and danger of the present emergency. Of
the many difficult scenes through which the coun-
try had passed in the last twenty-five years-, this
was by far the most difficult. Seeing and believing
this, Mr. C. was here to do his duty, regardless of
all other considerations. He made a few more
remarks as to the remedies proposed and those
which it is best to adopt; the most significant and
.important parts of which were uttered too low to
be distinctly heard by the reporter. He urged with
much earnestness the importance of acting with
promptitude and boldness.
Mr. WEBSTER said he felt himself bound, in
pursuance of his pledge, to give as early an oppor-
tunity of considering the measures proposed by the
Committee on Finance as was consistent with con-
siderable legislative deliberation. That which go-
verned him in this case, to a great degree, was the
apprehension which he felt, (perhaps it might be
erroneous and unfounded,) that no measures were
likely to be offered to Congress, under the recom-
mendation of the Message or Treasury repon,
which would meet with his approbation.
In the mean time, Mi. Webster was as ready
as the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Rives) to stay
he-re till May next, if necessary; but whatever pro-
crastination was mcfUlged in here, was a protrac-
tion of the evil oppressing the country. He hoped,
therefore, the Senator from Virginia would agree
to consent that the measure first proposed by the
committee be now brought before the Senate, and
be now examined, became there are other mea-
sures dependent upon it. The first step, as it seemed
to him (Mr. W.) the most proper to be decided
upon was, whether the payment of the fourth in-
stalment should be postponed, because the period
was now near at hand when that instalment was to
have been paid. This question ought to be settled
one way or the other. They were bound, in con-
sideration of the great suffering and distress now
oppressing the country, to make trial of some
measures.
Mr. RIVES said, that as it appeared to him there
was a disposition m the Senate to take up this bill
