CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25,
1837.                                  Volume 5.........No. 3.


BY BLAIR & RIVES.
.......WFFTCT Y
PRICE $2, FIRST TWO SESSIONS.

[Continued from No- 2.]
would pay in October the instalment then due
to the Government by that institution. But it
was not understood by the Secretary and the com-
mittee that this would not be done, that bank
having bought up Treasury drafts issued in July
for the pavment of the third instalment to the
States, and intending to give in those drafts in pay-
ment of the instalment then due from the bank.
This being the case, the Secretary would require
. that the'blank be filled up with nine millions five
hundred thousand dollars; and therefore, on this
calculation, the committee had instructed him
(Mr. W.) to move for ten millions.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to strike out the word
" of" in the first line, and insert the words " not
exceeding §20,000, to defray the expenses under
the aci;" which amendment «-as agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, moved to amend the
7th section, by inserting the words " price not ex-
ceeding," so as to prohibit the Secretary of the
Treasury from purchasing Treasury notes below
their par value, which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, was very desirous of
obtaining more full information relating to one
point, and that was, that as a bill had now passed
the Senate for arresting the payment of the fourth
instalment to the States, and since the fund in-
tended for the use of the States was now to be ap-
plied to the use of Government, if it was intend-
ed 1o cmpWy the funds in the banks before being
reduced in some way or other to a specie basis,
whether Government intended by laws passed, or
to be passed—soch, for example, as a bankrupt
]aw—.to force the conversion oí fit fee's now in
the banks into metal, and then throw the sum thus
obtained from the banks into the Treasury, there
to lie without being used? His inquiry was not,
he thought, useless, since it must be evident thai
the amount of the blank must depend upon the
availability of the funds m the banks.
Mr. WRIGHT said it had been ascertained,
and so stated in the Secretary's report, that all the
money m the banks subject to draft on the 29ih of
August last amounted only to eight million one hun-
dred and sixty-six thousand dollars. Out of that
sum the expenses for the month of September were
to be take.i, which v> mid ¡cave the sum reduoed to
about Kvo millions and a half by the 1st of Octo-
ber. But, if the outstanding drafts should come in
on the Treasury, (many oí them being protested,)
in that case the available amount would still be
diminished, and the Treasury would be in want of
means. There were therefore no ready means
without the assistance of Congress. In all the At-
lantic coast, the money m the banks had for the
most part been withdrawn, only a small sum sub-
ject to draft being with them, say less than a mil-
lion, and creditors were not willing to receive
drafts upon the southwestern banks, where now
almost all the funds in deposite with banks were
placed
Such being the case, and such the amount of
unavailable money, the object of issuing Treasury
notes was to anticipate the funds m deposite with
the banks until Congress should say how those
funds were to be made available. The Committee
on Finance had reported a bill giving to those
banks intervals of two, five, and eight months in
which to pay the sums due, dividing the balance m
their hands into three instalments. Again, the ex-
tension grained already, and proposed still to be
orantPd," on bonds, would dimmish the means of
the Treasury; from all which considerations, the
issue, of these notes was rendered necessary to meet
the current expenses.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky professed himself great-
ly obliged by the va'.uable information communi-
cated by the honorable Senator, (Mr. Wright,) but
he still felt that th« inquiry which he had wished to
make was not yet answered. He meant to inquire
jf the money in the banks was to be used as bank
notes, or if the banks were to be compelled to pay
them in specie, and then if these funds were to be
left idle?
Mr. WRIGHT, in reply, said they would not be
used as bank notes unless the law should authorize
them so to be used.
Mr. CLAY. Then it comes to this: we have
passed a bill to take funds out of the hands of those
who would have been glad to use them, to put them
into the hands of others who refuse to acknow-
ledge and make iue of- them. The States would
have been glad to receive this money in the shape
of bank notes, and we have taken it from them.
Again: Government refuses to call them funds in
that shape, and to Government we have now made
them over by the bill just passed! And as Govern-
ment, though it receives those funds, and prevents
their being paid to the Steles, w¡!| not acknowledge
them as funds there is a deficiency existing, and
this deficiency is to be supplied by issuing Treasury
notes, m order that Gjve.-mnent may be able to ¡ret
along. That is to sn\: Lrcvrmment will not re-
ceive the paper of the country, and is ah-jut to
cieate a paper of its own which thp country is ex-
pected to receive! And thus, al! the promises which
have been made to us of the flowing of gold and
silver al! over the country.—these promises of a
better currency—result in the i-:sue often millions of
paper money!
Mr. KING of Georgia, read to the cénate a
statement and estimati. oí' some length, which was
inaudible ¡n the reporter's sa'.'erv.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, September 15, iKi?.
Mr. LINCOLN st-.t >.J that he held in his hand a
number of memorials signed by upwards of 3,0G0
citizens of Massachusetts, remons'ratmg against
the anexation of Texas to the üintcil States. In
pursuance of the ruie adopted the other day in re-
lation to petitions and nicmonats, he shou'd feel
himself constrained to move to lay the memorials
on the table; but he would now give notice that he
should move to take them up, and have them refer-
red to appropiiaie eoinniitu cs at the earliest period
-inasible. Mr. L. tíc'.n pirsrnttd suiuby pc'U.oi.s,
remonstrating against the annexation oi Texas to
tiie Uciled Sfitcs, wh.ch weie laid on the tabic.
Mr. ADAMS presented a pet'tiou of Eleazer
Smith, and one hundred and sixtj-thtee other citi-
zens of the Slate of Vermont, praying for retrench-
ment and reform, [laughter.] Mr. A. siiil, that
when he presented the potttio.i, he was aware that
the words retrenchment ->.' ' reform would pioduce
nothing but a universal shuul of laughter: but he
pr< sented it, because among the retrenchment and
reforms asked for, was a priyrr that the members
of Congress may reduce their own s ilanes fifty
per cent.; that is to say from eight to four dollars
per day. This being the ease, he could not bear to
keep it in his possession any longer. The memorial
was laid on the table.
Petitions and memorials were further presented
by
Messrs. BRIGGS and PARMENTER of Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. EVERETT of Vermont.
Mr. DAVIES of Pennsylvania.
Messrs. BOND, ALLEN, and LOOMIS of Ohio.
Mr. HEROD of Indiana.
Mr. CASEY of Illinois.
Mr LEWIS of Alabama.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial, accom-
panied by a printed argument, from John H. Ser-
jeant, of Charleston, South Carolin?, pray.ng for
the establishment of agenevalbankiupi law; which,
on motion of Mr. THOMAS, was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill imposing addi-
tional duties, as depositories in certnin cases, upon
public officers, and for other purposes; read twice,
and referred to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. '
[The contents of this bill were the same as that
reported under the same title, in the Senate, yes-
terday, (to be foynd-in yesterday's Senate proceed-
ings,) with the exception of the following addi-
tional clause:
" And be it farther enacted, That no law or joint
resolution now in force, shall be so construed as to*
authorize any officer of the United States, before
mentioned in the first section of this act, to receive
any thing but gold or silver, Treasury warrants,
Treasury drafts, or Treasury notes, in payment of
public dues;" and the addition of the following
proviso at line 5, page 4, after the word " moneys:"
" except such deposites as may have been made in
the Treasuries of the respective States."]
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same commit-
tee, reported a lull for adjusting the remaining"
claims upon the late deposite banks; read twice,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
[This bill is also identical with that now before
the Senate, and already in print in the Globe.]'
Mr. CAMBRLENG said, with permission, he
would state, for the information of the House, that
the Committee of Ways and Means had now only
two bills remaining for consideration. They could
not, however, get through with them that morning,
luitihty would certainly be reported on Monday;
alter which he hoped the attention of the House
. would thenceforward be directed entirely to the im-
portant business which had called them together.
He prosit" ed it would be the des re of the House to
proceed with and conclude the unfinished business
of yesterday, (the subject of the Rules and Orders;)
and he then gave notice, that on Monday be should
make a motion to take up the other business.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia wished to suggest
to the gentleman from New York to vary his mo-
tion, so as to make these two bills the special order
of the day for some day next week; and Mr. G.
then gave notice of his design to submit a counter
project.
Mr. BELL inquired if it was the intention of
lhe gentleman from New York to take up the bills
¡eporttdby the committee of that House, or the
b'ils from the Senate, as rapidly as they might ba
transmitted therefrom. He put the rpiestion ts the
gentleman, supposing the business of the House to
be pretty much under his control; and there was, in
the one case, no necessity for delay.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that there was no
bill fion the Senate then in the House, and, there-
fore, they could not be ready at present to proceed
with the business.
Mr. BELL. They will be sent soon.
Mr. CAMBRELENG. Those bills would proba-
bly not be sent there till Monday, and it would be
for the House to determine, whether they should be
committed to the Committee'of Ways and Means,
or, at once, to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. There were variations between
the bills of the House and the Senate, and it would
be for the Committee of the Whole, to which they
would all be referred, to determine which should
be taken up. It was a matter not within the deter-
mination of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BELL had only wished to call the attention
of the House to the subject, for if it was designed to
take up the House bills, there was no good reason
for waiting; but if it was intended to act upon the
• Senate's bills, those of the House might a  well be
over.                                      '
The conversation here dropped.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of the
11th inst. calling upon him to report the amount of
anpropriations of the past and present years re-
maining unexpended; the amount required to fulfil
existing engagements, contracted Drier to thefirel
