38
CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
create a debt to foreigners, which be was unwilling
to do. "What, he askad, was the cause of the rise
of cotton in the South at the present time^ "Why,
that tha-t great steple was used as the means of
making remittances to Europe, and if those Trea-
sury notes, bearing an interest oí six percent, were
issued, the notes would usurp the place of the cot-
ton, and be íetamed by foreign capitalists, while
the great staple would be depreciated in price His
own State (Mississippi) and Alabama, he would
affirm, grew one-fourth of the cotton crop raised in
the southwest, and he could not think of lessening
the value of these crops, which would be the inevita-
ble tendency, if this i ate of interest on these bills
w re to be established.
Mr. WRIGHT went into an explanation of the
eauses why "the Committee on I'mance had fixed
the rate of interest. It was in order, he said, to
make the notes equal m all respects to gold and sil-
ver, which the public creditors might otherwise
refuse It should be observed, however, that these
notes were made redeemable m one year, for \\ hirh
period thoy bear that rate of interest, and lor that
only. Mr. W. expressed his sincere desire that the
bill might be permitted to pass in us piesent shape.
Mr. KING of Georgia stated that the high re-
spect he entertained lor the opinions of his friends
from Carolina and Mississippi, induced him to
make a remark or two against the amendment they
proposed. In answer to the Senator from Carolina,
he stated it to be a law of curienc>, admitting few
or no exceptions, ihat where two mediums of circu-
lation were in circulation, the one answe mg all
the purposes ot the other, and one valuable puipose
besides, the currency answering an add'tionil pur-
pose would bear a premium ovei the other This
principle was piactically illustrated in the transac-
tions of ihe Government. Tieasmy drafts, he said,
answered now the puiposes of internal exchange,
and also «ere equal to specie in the receipt of Go-
vernment dues Yet specie answered thii purpose,
and one purpose beyond, that is, it is in great de-
mand to pay a heavy foreign debt The diafts
■were transfers less valuable than specie. If, then,
we proposed 10 pay our orediturs at par, and to
offer them Treasury notes, 01 specie, at ¡heir option,
we should be able to get but a small amount in cir-
culation, unless they bore an interest sufficient to
make them equal to specie. TbeSecieiary would,
•t course, only use the discretion of adding interest
so far as to make them acceptible at par by the
creditors of Government Without this, until ex-
changes weie more favoi bie to us, we might not
be able to get any of them into rucnlation A few
might be accepted from comeuiPtice, but, he feaied,
to no great extent
Jn an , u to his fiiend lrnu Mississippi, he
t mught his position e\f oruin< rv The argumstit
wtnt in íavot oí a peimunent depreciation of oui
ft r ign exchanges The causes mentioned by the
Senatoi might give at the present moment an
activity to the demand for cotton, but did not his
friend see that the operation of these causes were
merely temporary, and actua'ly giew out of the
disti esses ot the country. A depreciated paper
money Tiould be giv-n tor cotton for the purposes
of remittance, because nothing else could be pro-
cured, without heavy sacrifices, that would answer
that purpose; but until the foreign exchanges
be favorably changed by reducing our foreign debt,
■what would the cotton be worth after it gets to
Europe? The value of the raw material there
depends much on our consumption of the manu-
factured article here, and what would we
or could we consume of European manufac-
tuies with this heavy foieign debt, and an
exchange of twenty per cent bearing against
us' He would venture to say until we could
produce some favorable alleration m the ex-
changes, that the consumption of tne United
States of European manufactures would not pro-
duce a revenue oí eight millions of dollars If,
then, these notes should go abroad in reduction of
our foreign debt, they would perform a very
valuable purpose But he said he had no appre-
hension of this to any or mu°h extent There was
too much of our paper credits in Europe alieady,
rnd gold was much more valuable there than here,
and lie referred to the price of tne bonds of the
United States Bank in Euiope, to prove that specie
was stiU a much better remittance There was
little danger, then, that those notes which were
payable here, and in so short a period as one year,
would take the flight which his friend anticipated
So limited an amount, and payable in the United
States, and not in Eiuope, would be more valuable
for our on n pui pos-s here than for remittance. He
therefore hoped the d seiefion would be retained
If the anticipations of the Senator from Carolina
were correct, that they would circulate without
interest at par, the interest would be made merely
nominal; but without the discretion, the bill might
fail to answer any valuable purpose to the Govern-
ment.
Mi. WALKER said Ins views remained un-
changed If the present system continued, it might
be d.sastious, bn1 he must look to things as they
are at present, and be governed accordingly. He
maintained, fiom his o«n loowledge of what was
going on, that these "paper kites," as the gentle-
man termed them, would take their flight to Eu-
rope, and that, in so doi^g, they vi ould materially
injure the prices of the present crop He would
agree, however, to modify his motion so as to meet
the objections of gentlemen, and would, therefore,
move to strike out the word "six," and insert
" three," for which motion he would ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WEBSTER made some remaik, not dis
tinctly heard, but believed to the effect that, as the
interest was for one year only, the period at which
the notes were redeemable, it could not be a matter
of any great consequence
The question having been tiken on Mr. Walk-
er's amendment by \cas and nays, there appeared
ior the amendment six, against it foity
The question was then tiken on the engross-
ment of the bill by j eis and nay-, and decided as
follows
YEAS—Mcssis Allen, Bayaid, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clajtun, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Kent, King of
Alabami, King of Georgia, Knight, Lyon, McKean,
Moms, Nirholis, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Rives,
Roai e, Robbms, Robinson, Rnggles, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Swift,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Walkei, Wall, Webster,
White, Williams, Wnght, and Young—43
NAYS—Me-srs Clay of Kentucky, Crit enden,
Preston, Southard, and Spence—5
EXTENSION OP REVENUE BONDS
The bill to postpone the payment of the duties on
revenue bonds having been read a second lime,
Mr. WEBSTER moved a further extension of
time than that contemphted in the bill, which w?s
for six months Mi W. entered into some rea-
sons to show wh\ this extension should be granted
as a matter of indulgence
Mr. WRIGHT said that a memorial had been
received from the merchants of New York, praying
an extension of twelve months, showing the causes
why this additional extension was asked, the com-
mittee, Mr. W. believed, were geneially favorable
to some additional indulgence, and he would adopt
the nine months, as proposed by tne gentleman
from Massachusetts The blank was accordingly
filled with time, and the bill ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading
On the question for engrossing, Mr. SEVIER
asked for the yeas and nays.
The bill for adjusting the claims on the deposite
banks having been read a second time,
Mr WALKER moved to insert m the room of
"two, five and eight," the avoids "four, sir, and
nine mo lifts," which -na  adopted, and the bill or-
dered to be encross 1 for a third reading
The bill a'irH0n7ing mcichandise to be deposited
in the public stores hating had its second readme,
Mi, CALHOUN moved to postpone the bill un-
til the reeular sess.on, not d< emmg its passage of
material ¡moort at the present juncture
Mr BUCHANAN opposed the  postponement
and said that when the question was taken on the'
passage of this bill, he should move it be taken b
yeas and nays, as he wished to record his ,.„ji0
its support
Mr. KING of Alabama would oppose the post-
ponement of the bill for so  long a period a  the
next session. He was willing, however, to give
Ike Senatoi from South Carolina time to look into
its provisions, and would therefoie move that it be
postponed until Monday next, w hich was agreed to.
And on motion ol Mr. WRIGHT, ths Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Momda s-, September 18, 1837.
The Hon Mr LYON fiom Alabama appeared
and was qualified.
Mr J Q,. ADAMS, on leave, submitted a mo-
tion to print two thousand extra copies of the
amended rules and orders of the House, together
with Jefferson's Manual, modified, at the sugges-
tion of Mr BRIGGS, tnat the same be suitably
bound, which was agreed to
Petitions and memorials were ^resented by Mr.
EVANS of Mame.
Messrs. BRIGGS, LINCOLN, FLETCHER,
ADAMS, HASTINGS, CUSH1NG, and PAR-
MENTER, of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Adams asked leave to subrmt a resolution,
as it was understood, m relation to Texas, but the
Chair mled it out of order, under the order adopted
by the House some days since, not to take up any
business not embraced in the President's Message.]
Mr. WHITJTLFSEY of Connecticut.
Messrs. KEMBLE and BRONSON of New
York.
Messrs POTTS, HENRY, M'KENNAN, and
POTTER, of Pennsylvama.
Messrs. CRAIG, STEWART, snd MERCER,
of Virginia.
Mr. DAWSON presented memorials from Co-
lumbus and Milledgeville, Geoign, praying for
the establishment of a national bank, which were
severally referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means
Mess s. HARFER, LOOMIS, ALEXANDER,
MORRIS, MASON, HUNTER, and WHITTLE-
SEY, of Ohio.
Mr. LYON of Alabama.
Mr. JONES of Wisconsin.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Wajs and Means, reported Senate bill, without
amendment, to postpone the fourth instalment of
the deposite with the States, committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr CAMBRELENG, fiom the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill to authorize merchandise
to be deposited m the pubbc stores, and ft i other
purposes; read twice, and committed to the same
Committee of the Whole as the foregoing
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill to revoke the charters of
such banks within the District of Columbia as shall
not resume specie payments within a hmited time,
and to suppress the circulation cf small notes there-
in ; read twice, and committed to the same Com-
mittee of the Whole as the foregoing.
Mr. CAMERELENG said the Committee of
Ways and Means had received mformatiou from
the War Department, that the former appropria-
tions for the war in Florida were near'y exhausted,
and he therefore asked for a suspension oí the order
of business, ¡>o that he might report a bill m pursu-
ance of that information.
Leave being granted, Mr. C. thereupon reported
a bill making an additional appropriation for the
suppression of Indian hostilities for the year 1837,
which was read twice, and committed as above.
Mr. CAMBRELENG also reported, from the
same committee, a resolution to change the daily
hour of meeting to 10 o'clock, a. m.
Mr. HARLAN moved to insert 11 o'clock, which
was agreed to, and so amended the resolution was
adopted
The following resolution heretofore submitted by
Mr. SNYDER, was  considered and adopted.
Reoolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form this House at what time "the Bank of the State
of Missouri was made a deposite bank, and what
amount of its own notes sain bank had m circula-
tion, and what amount of specie it had m its vaults,
when it was selected. Also, what amount of mo-
ney is now m the hands of the receivers of public
moneys m Illinois, and where the same is now or-
dered to be deposited. 
