CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
bear any material reduction." He lephed that a
minute and critical examination on this point had
been instituted m May last, the result of which was
that "enough could and would be postponed till
next year, to amount to about 115,000,000"
Therefore, Mr. D contended it would be better to
dibpense with this expenditure, and make the distri-
bution of the fourth instalment, for all the States
■would willingly receive the notes of the deposite
banks within their limits. lie knew the fact to be
so in his own State, and he believed it so of others
also. Mr. D. further contended, at some length, m
favor of his proposed plan.
Mr. CAMBRELENG- said however opposed he
was originally to the distribution, or rather the de-
posite act, as it was called, and he did every thing
in his power to prevent its passige, yet he should
be the last man there to take any measure to pre-
vent its execution, if it could be avoided, nay, if it
were possible, he would adopt any and every mea-
sure to cany it into execution, short of one, and of
one only, which the gentleman himself could
possibly devise, that was, the creating a public
debt, for the purpose of making an artificial
surplus for deposite for safe-keeping with the States
If the gentleman could devise any proposition that
Mi. C could at all sustain, besides the one to which
he had adverted, h<« would go with him Mr C
however, could himself think of no other mode,
and that he should ever oppose.
He w ould repeat that there vveie no funds, eithei
available or unavailable, within the reach of the
Treasurj, lor distiibutioii, and only §2,000,000 of
the amount (five millions) requ<red by the deposite
act to remain m the T) easury Now, if gentlemen
could, by one sweep, sweep away utteily this twen-
ty-lour millions of dolhrs, th y would not add one
dollai 'o the Treasury
Mr BELL hopelh s fnend from George vou'd
notpi^b-. his proposition at he pic-°n tune, lor
they were not prepared lor it, and it was hardly
safe to press so impoitant an amendment upon
what might or might not be the future recommen-
dations of the Secretary.
Mr B would piopound a question to the chair-
man of the Committee of Way¿ and Means, and
it was this- whether his mmute statements, just
read to the House were founded upon anv matenal
error in the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasure For, if not, Mr. B would perhaps
be able to go on with *'ie discussion , or,
at least, attempt io elucidate «hat tne real stafe of
the finances at this time wis, and he felt cssured
tha* he should be able to demonstrate to all, except
those ebb mately end determinedly hostile to the
policy of that measure, and had done every thing
in their power to thwart its operations He repeated
that he should be able to convince e\ cry candid
and reflecting mind thaf the Government could pa}
this fourth instalment, and that with perfect conve-
nience, and 1 f would give one reason He under-
stood that the debt actually due to the Gov ernment
from the deposite banks exceeded in amount, at
this moment, that due to the States under the depo-
site act by upwards of $9,500,000
Mr CAMBRELENG, m answer to Mr Bin's
inquiry, stated that there was, m detail, a difference
only in the mode by which the Secretary of the
Treasury and himself arrived at the same, or
nearly the same result. There was a slight diffe-
rence in the amount, arising from some subsequent
estimates from the War Department, but thete
was no substantial variation m the result ot the
two.
Mr C. adverted to his statement again, to
show that the gentleman from Tennessee was
in error, as to the surplus of nine millions
and a half remaining in the banks over and
above what the fourth instalment would call
for, since four and a half of that amount had
actually been drawn out in payment of the thud
instalment of deposite, and he showed, from a paper
he read, what had become of the ba'anoe
Mr BELL was glad to hear there was no differ-
ence between the two statements, but believing the
House would be better prepaied to go on wi'h the
subject to-morrow, though he, for one, was perfectly
prepared, he suggested whether it would not be best
for the committee to rise.
Mi CALHOON of Kentucky hoped the gentle-
man from New York would not object to the print,
mg of the statements he had read.
Mr. CAMBRELENG had intended to hand
them to the reporters, by which they would proba-
bly appear in the morning papers
The CHAIR remarked that that was a matter for
the House alone to consider
Mr. BELL did not make the motion for the
committee to rise so much on his own acconnt, for
he was piepared to go on, but he thought it seemed
to be the general sense of the committee He again
appealed to the gentleman from Georgia to with-
draw his amendment at that time
Mr DAWSON preferred that the committee
rise
Mr RHETT confessed that, from the reports of
the Secretaiy of the Treasury and the statements of
the chairman ol the Committee of Ways and
Means, he was in a mist, and wanted more light
At present, he was disposed to vote for the bill
Mi. R. then entered into a review of the report of
the Secretaiy of the Treasury, and pointed out
what he regarded as a number of obscurities and
variations in that document.
Mr. SERGEANT felt the question to be some-
what embairassed by the proposition of the gentle-
man from Georgia, the second part of which was
entirely unnecessaiy, since it was a requirement
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to do what he
was already enjoined to do by law Mr, S was satis-
fied there would be a deficit to pay all the claims
upon the Treasury, whatever its amount might be,
but it devolved upon those who proposed to with-
hold the fourth instalment of deposite from the
States, to show that that was the very appropria-
tion that should be dispensed with or withheld.
This wis a fan and independent question, being
one of dep( sue iith"r t an of payment, lh\t it
m gut be treated by itself, and he vvou d submit it
to the gentleman from Georgia, whether he had not
bettei withdraw his amendment. At present, un-
less some better reasons were offered than he had
been furnished with, he was opposed to the bill, and
should give his reasons, hereafter
Mr. BELL thought theie would be no deficiency,
that i.,, if all the funds m the banks should be avail-
able, buthe asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on what his impression of a deficit was founded'
Mr SERGEANT founded his impression of a
deficit on the statements of the Secretary of the
Treason, and the sutnmai, of the chan min of the
Conmit pe of Ways and Means
Mr THOMPSON said all he had heard only
served the moie to convince him of the necessity of
the information called for by the gentlemen from
Georgia, and he had heard nothing vet to convince
mm of thf necessity, for nothing but the most ur-
gent necessity would justify it, foi the passige of
this bill H<" would just as «oon vote for a high
tariff at one as for ¿n indirect loan, a< proposed
In the measures before the countrj Mr T w>s
understood to say that he would, however, vote foi
this bill if the funds m the State banks were found
altogether unavailable, but against it it they wre
found available either to the States or to the Gene-
ral Government.
Mr. HAMER supported the bill at some length,
and took the ground, that by the provisions of the
deposite law, and the conditions on which the de-
posite was received, viz subject to be recalled at a
future time, the States had no vested right in the
fourth instalment
Mr CAMBRELENG said, m reply to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, (Mr Rhett,) that he
had confined his observations to the actual condi-
tion of the Treasury on the first of October and the
follow mg quarter, m order to show that committee
what its present resources were He did not
certainly go into the question of the whole re-
sources of the country, though it was due to that
honorable gentleman to say that he (Ml C ) was
perfectly prepared to gue him all he wanted
thereon, and had prepared a statement to pie-
sent to the House when they reached the
othei bills Tne question as to our imavai1-
able resources, and their sufficiency to meet the
present expenditures, would properly eome up
! when the Treasury  mil was before the House.
They were now on a distinct subject—on the sub-
ject of depositing, and not of paying money, as was
well argued by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania.
When the other bill came up, Mr C woultrbe pre-
pared for the last question. He himself believed
theie would be a deficiency, and one to such an
extent, that the amount of Treasury notes author-
ized to be issued would be required to serve for
the next year, or even two years to come.
Mr. WISE mquned if the statements referred
to and read by the gentleman from New York, had
been furnished by the Secretaiy of the Treasury to
he Committee of Ways and Means, and not to the
House.
Mi CAMBRELENG replied that they weie
statements that had been made out by himself at
the Department, according to his own mode of
making out accounts They were not submitted
by the Secretary to the committee, nor had the
Secretary submitted any documents to the com.
mittee, who had before them on'y what passed
through the House.
On motion of Mr BELL, the committee then rose,
reported, and had leave to sit again.
At the request of seveial members,
Mr. CAMBRELENG submitted a   motion
pi nit   the   foregoing    statements  on    the   condi-
tion of the Treasury, which  was   agieed to, and
then,
On motion of Mr GUSHING,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, September 19, 1837
Mr CLAY of Alabama introduced the following
resolution
Rcsohed, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be
directed to repoit to the Senate, on oi before the
first Monday in December np\t—
1st The avciage qjputity of public land of-
fered at public sale per annum, since the commence-
ment of the cash system, and the average pnce per
annum m each year.
2d The quantity of public lands which have
remained subject to private entry, and not sold, for
a period of twenty years, or upwards
3d The quantity subject to private entry, and
unsold, for fifteen 3 ears and under twenty
4th The quantity subject to private entry, and
unsold, for ten yeais and under fifteen
5th The quantity s ibject to private entry five
\ears, anl under ten, des gin ing the & a e or Ter-
ritory in which the land< of each ciass are situa ed;
and
6th The aggregate quantity of public lands in
each State and fernto.iv, what portion has been
suiveyed, and what portion has been sold, and
tne aggregate received therefor in each
ISSUE Or TREASURY NOTES
The  bill  amhoii7ni.r the issu'ng of Tre?sury
no'es was taken up, an 1 rfter havin¿ Wen  read a
thi a time, was fiially p1 sed
A message was rece v ed from the President of
the United States, tmough h>s pnvate secretary,
Mr Van Bnren
EXTENSION OP REVENUE BONDS
1 he bill postponing the paymuitof the public
bonds wab taken up   and atte   bav ng been read a
third time, was finally passed
SETTLEMENT OF CLUMS ON THE DEPO-
SITE BANKS
The bill for the settlement of claims b> the Go-
vprnmenton the deposite banks, was taken up,
read a thud lime, and passed
Mr RIVES, pursuant to notice, rose to as<c leave
to introduce a oill to designate the funds receivable
in payment of me revenues of the Government
Th« bill was then introduced, read a first tun-,
and ordered to a second reading
Mi RIVES rose and addressed the S-r *_ fcr
up varJs of t« i hou'S
All BENiOIN piesented two statement when
he nad receuedf-om the Trepsu- D pjiu ut, of
the amcunuif specie imported aid e\por*cd during
the present yeai, and of some otic Treusm , mat-
ters, (not heard ) Laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed
The CHAIR presented a commnmcaaon fiom
