42                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the War Department, with a report of the Board [
of offieers appointed at the last session, on the sub-
ject of experiments, to test certain new inventions
m fire-arms.
Also, a report from the Colonel of the Ordnance
Department, m obedience to a resolution of the
Senate m February, 1837. Both these documents
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate went
into the consideration of Executive business; and
after some time spent thereon, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, September 19, 1837.
The Hon.  Ebenezer J.  Shields, a member
elect from the State of Tennessee, appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat.
Petitions and memonals were presented by
Mr MARTIN of Alabama
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, GOODE, and MOR-
RIS, of Ohio
Mr. OWENS of Georgia.
[Mr. Owens presented the memorial of James
King, keeper of the light-house on Tybee island,
State oí Georgia, praying additional compensation,
and moved that the usual disposition be ftude of it
under the rule of the House.]
Messrs. POTTS, SERGEANT, HENRY, TOT-
TER, HUBLEY, and MUHLENBERG, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr RANDOLPH of New Jersey.
Messrs. RUSSELL, PRENTISS, GRANT, and
CHILDS of Ntw York.
[Mr. Russell presented the remonstiance of
James Richardson and others, inhabitants of the
town of Cambridge, in the county of Washington,
in the Slate of New York, against the annexation
of Tcras to the United States Also, a like remon-
strance uf William Stevenson and others, of the
said county of Washington. Also, a like remon-
strance of Lernard Church and others, of the said
county of Washington. Also, a like remonstrance
of Thomas Stevens and otheis, of said county of
Washington. Also, a like remonstrance of Archi-
bald Kenjon and others, inhabitant-, of the town of
Salem, m said county of Washington >
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont.
[Mr. Allen of Vermont presented memorials of
154 inhabitants of Johnson, county of Lamoille,
Veimont 00 inhabitants ot Coventry, county of
Orleans, Veimon' ]fll iHhabiUnis of C-imbndae,
county of Lamoille, Vermont Ü36 inhabitants ot
Milton, county of Chittenden, Vermont 64 inha-
bitants of Hvdepark, connl\ of Lamoille, Veimont
53 inhabitants of Huntington, county of Chitten-
den, Vermont 34 inhabitants mil legal voters of
Wateiville, Vermont 154 i habitants of Morris-
town, Lamoille county, Vermont 13G inhabitants
of Wayne county. State of Michigan. 4.nd 119
inhabitants of Florence, Oneida county, State of
New Yoik, remonstiahng against the admission of
Texas into the Union ]
Mr. HOLT, of Connecticut.
Messrs CRANSTON and T1LLINGIIAST, of
Rhode Island.
Messis ADAMS, BORDEN, LINCOLN, PHI-
LIPS, and GRENNELL, of Massachusetts.
Mr. JO\ES, of Wisconsin.
[Mi. Jows piesented a petition fiom the city of
New Yoik, piaying for the construction of a hat-
bor at Racine, Wisconsin Temtoiy ]
[Mr Amáis asked the leave of the House to of-
fer the following resolution
" Keiolved, That the powu of annexing the Peo-
ple of an\ mdepend nt foreign State to this Un'on
is a po'i er not delegated by the Constitution of ths
United States to th^ir Congress, or to any Depart-
ment of then Government, but reseived to the Peo-
ple."
Mr. Haynt objectn g,
Mr Adams mo. ed a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of permitting him to offer the reso-
lution, and called for the jeas and nays, but the
Hous* refused to oidei them, and the motion to
suspend was negatived without a division ]
Messrs. EVANS, NOYES, and FAIRFIELD,
of Mame.
[       The States having been called for resolutions,
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution,
which, on his motion, was laid on the table and or-
dered to bs printed.
Resolved, That the power of annexing the people
of any independent foreign State to this Union, is
a power not delegated by the Constitution of the
United States to their Congress, or to any depart-
ment of their Government, but reserved to the peo-
ple.
Mr. MARTIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read, and the rule which requnes
the same to he over one day being dispensed with,
it was considered and agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House on or before the
first Monday in December next—
1st The average quantity of public land offered
at public sale per annum, since the 1st of January,
1893.
2d The quantity of pubhe lands which have re-
mained subject to private en'ry, and not sold, for a
period of 20 years and more
3d. The quantity of public lands which have
been subject to private entry for fifteen years, and
and under twenty.
4th. The quantity of public lands which have
been subject to pnvate entry for ten years, and
under fifteen, designating the State or Territory in
which the lands of each class are situated.
5   The aggregate quantity of public land in each
State and Territory, what portion has been sold,
and the amount received therefoi.
6   The quantity of public land which has been
subject to pn/ate entry for five years, and under
ten.
Mr. JENIFER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agiecd to by the
House:
Revolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House what
measures have been adopted since the adjournment
of the last Congress m relation to the tobacco trade
between the United States and foreign countries;
also, -uch information as lie may have received
from our Ministers or other foreign agents abroad,
m i elation to the same, provided, in his opinion,
such communication may not be detrimental to the
interests of the United States.
Mr. PATTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and laid on the table one
day, under the rule, viz-
Res >lved, That the President of the Uni'ed States
be lcqnested to transmit to this House.
1st A copy of all the documents and corre-
spondence m his department, relative to the call ot
Majoi Gen Scott from the command against the
Seminole and Creek Indians
ÍA   A copy of the record of the proceedings of
the Court of Inquiry con vened  at Frederick town
m relation to the  operations against the Seminole
and  Creek Indians, together with the   decisions
thereon of the late and present Executive.
3d A copy of the ordeis to Major Gen. Scott,
relative to the conduct of his command, and the
terms he might offer to the enemy.
4th. A copy of the orders of Major Gen Jesup
on assigning to him the same command, and all
other ordeis and conespondenee with Gen. Jesup
subsequent thereto, which he may deem not injuri-
ous to the public setvice to communicate.
:/Ir. TALI \FERRO offered the following reso-
lution, V17-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required as far as is now practicable, to furnish
this Ho^cwitha statement, to show how many
bushels of corn, wheat, rje, barley, oats, and other
bread stuffs, have been, during ihe last ten years,
imported from foreign countries into the ports of
the United States, distinguishing  the several ports.
The above resolution was submitted in a some-
what different form, and modified several times bv
the mover at the suggestion of different gentlemen,
after which,
Mr HAYNES moved to stuke out the wotds
" during the last ten years, and insert since Janua-
ry, 1825 " lost.
Mr. EWING of Ohio, moved to msei t a clause,
calling on the Secretary for his view , in relation
to the causes which had increased the importations
of biead stuffs; which amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HAYNES then moved to strike out the
words " during the last ten jears," and insert the
last twelve years, which was agreed to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. WISE submi'ted the following resolution •
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
by ballot to inquire into the causes of the Florida
war, and into the causes of the extraordinary de-
lays and failures, and the enormous expenditures
which have attended the prosecution of that war,
and into the manner of its conduct, and the facts
of its history generally; that the said committee
have power to send for persons and papers , and
that it have power to sit in the recess; and that it
make report to the next session of Congress
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to strike out the
words, " that they have power to sit during the
recess " He made this motion because he believed
there never had been a committee of the House
which had sat during the recess of Congress He
hoped his motion to strike out might prevad, unless
the genteman from Virginia could give some good
reason why it should sit during the recess.
Mr. WISE presumed the reason must suggest
itself to the mind of every gentleman, why he asked
that the committee should sit during the recéis.
The committee could scarcely commence its labors
during the session of the present Congress; and
there would be no use in proposing the resolu ion
if the committee could not sit longer than the con-
tinuance of the present extra session. He considered
it as something extraordinary that two Major Gene-
rals of the standing army of the United States, who
had taken part m that campaign, had been recalled
by the Executive, and tried by a court mamal
of the country; and that the only successful
commander in the Fionda campaign, General
Clinch, had testified to the countty that no offcei,
general or subordinate, was to be" blamed for the
failure of the Florida campaign, but that the blame
lay at the door of the War Department. In reply
to that testimony, we have seen a labored defence
published by the then Secretary of War, Lewis
Cass, and the country were left to judge between
these two officers. We see that this war is still
raging, and but jesterday, in the midst of the ge-
neral commercial distret-s and the bankiuptcy*of
the Treasury, we were called upon by the Chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means for an
appropriation of $ 1,600,000 to carry on this war,
and this, too, without an effort berigmade by any
to inquire into the manner in which former appro-
priations had been expended. He never would he-
sitate, when a war was raging, to make the neces-
sary apprcpnations to carry it on, no matter how
we had got into it, but he did consider it
his duty to call for this information at the present
time, inasmuch as a call had been m?de for an ap-
propriation of upward of a million and a half of
dollars without any statements or estimates in íe-
lation theteto being laid before the House, and he
considered it a duty to inquire how the public mo-
ney had been expended or wasted. It had been
admitted on r 11 hands, that thete had been misma-
nagement- then he wished to know how much
money has been expended, if not wasted, and
whether some steps could not be taken to put an
end to a wai which is íavaging our westPin fion-
tier, and distressing the whole country. Who could
object to thisinquny?
It appeared to him that this resolution ought to
be absented to by every gentleman on the floor of
the House It uas a universal opinion that the
conduct of the Major General now in command in
Florida, was as reprehensible as either of the other
commanders. A court-martial had sat on thp case
of one of the Generals who had commanded m that
campaign, and had honoiably acquitted him of all
the charges winch had been brought against him;
yet by an order of the Executive, their verdict had
been expunged. Caá this, then, be submitted to
further, without this House making any inquiry on
the subject? He consideud that it was time, and
high time, that an investigation of the kind pro-
posed should be had, and had by a committee
which would devote itself to the subject, do it jus-
tice, and have time to do it justice.    He wished to
