CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                                              43
have this committee appointed by ballot, because it I
ifcould not be a party committee. The administra-
tion have as much interest m the matter as the op-
position; and the eountry was looking to an investi-
gation of this matter with a great deal of anxiety.
The division of parties m the House were nearly
equal; and he hoped that a committee might be
raised from the different parties, of men who will
prosecute the inquiry with the greatest industry and
fidelity.
Mr. EVERETT regretted extremely that any
observations should be made by any gentleman on
the floor  f the House which would derogate from
the character of the Htm. Mr. Cass, at a time when
he was not in the country, or in a position to defend
himself from the imputations which were cast upon
him. Mr. E stated that he had an car'y opportu-
nity of e camming mto the matter in re'ati >n to the
Florida campa gn, and he believed then, as he still
believed, if there was any thing wrong m relation
to that campaign, thatit did not rest with the Secre-
tary of War This was his opinion then, and it
was still his opinion, and he should be sorry to see
the reputation of that gentleman brought in ques-
tion during his absence from his country He had
noticed the expressions made use of in the testimony
of General Clinch, which had been alluded to by
the gentleman from Virginia, and he thought at the
time they were undeserved.
Mr. GLASCOCK could not but admire the mo-
tive which induced the gentleman from Virginia
to offer this resolution, but as to the manner in
which the committee was to be appointed he dif-
fered with him entirely, because, in his opinion,
the results would be the same, let the committee
be appointed either way. He thought the uniform
course should be adopted in the appointnent of
the committee, and that we should not now, after
all ths committees for years !<ad been appointed
in a particular w ay, change our mode of appoint-
ment ma solitary"case. He was aware that the
war had occupied much more time, and expended
much more money, than was anticipated, and that
the whole country felt a deep interest in relation
thereto; and inasmuch as this was the case, he
thought it but right and proper that a committee
should be appointed, m ordei that the country may
be placed m pos3ession of all the facts in ref-
lation to all the difficulties which now exist
or have heretofore existed. It was far from
his intention to express an opinion as to who
was in feult that this campaign was not
brought to a close, but, in reply to the insinuation
that the late Secretary of War was m fault in this
matter, he should say that he had looked into the
ea^e somewhat, and, from the facts in his posses-
sion, he was firmly convince.' that the Department
of War would nevei have cause to fear the inves-
tigation. It wa> his wish that a resolution of this
character should be moved, and it was his firm
conviction, whenever the American people had all
the facts of the case laid before them, that the
character of the late Secietary of War would
remain as heretofore, without spot or blemish.
His impression was, that, when the charges weie
fully investigated, all suspicion which might
now by any means attach to that gentleman
would be removed, and that even the impres-
sion which the gentleman from Vngmla him-
self entertained would be removed He was as
anxious as any gentleman that the resolution
should be adopted, but he would ask honora-
ble gentlemen whether this committee should not
be appointed by ths Chair. -If the committee was
elected by ballot, the result would be the same as if it
was appointed by the Chair There will be mem-
beis of both parties on the committee in either
event, and that being the case, he was unwilling to
deviate from the usual course of appointing com-
mittees in thisHouse. There will be friends of all
the commanding generals on the committee, and
ample justice will be done to each, and even if the
majority of the committee are on a particular side,
the minority will have it m their power to investi-
gate the mattei fully, and lay the result of their
investigation before the country, so that the people
may have the opportunity of judging fer them-
selves In lalation to the committee sitting during
ths   recess,   he   could see  no   necessity  for  it.
It is not expected, to be sure, thit this extra "ten-
sion will he of long continuance, but we are all
looking forward to the long session, which will be
here in the course of a couple of months, when the
committee will have ample time to prosecute their
investigad n, unconnected with any other business,
of the session, and make a report which w 11 be sa-
tisfaetorv to themselves, to the House, and to the
country. He again repeated that he was not pre-
pared to say where the blame of this matter may
fall, but o far as he had been able to judge from
the facts presented to him, he hesitated not to be-
lieve that none would attach to the late Se-
cretary of War.
Mr. CUS?IING returned his acknow edgments
to the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr Wise,) for
the introduction of the resolution now before the
House. If there was any transactionsc tthe Gov-
ernment which were lotten, and which -as a blot
on our national escutcheon, it was the proceeding
in relation to the war in Florida, and he hoped the
gentleman from Virginia would press the matter,
and have it thoroughly investigated.
There w. s no one proceeding of ihe Governmen t,
which the people of the country were more desir
ous of seeing laid bare than that Prom year to
year the people oí the country have seen army
after aimy sent to Florida, and general after gene-
ral recalled, he wouki not say in disgrace, but re-
called to be given up to the tender mercies of a
court-martial, and all without the leist good re-
sulting from it. We have seen the blood of our ci-
tizens moistering the desertsands of Florida, and our
army and country brought into disgrace by the war
carried on there. We have not been content with a
standing army of our own in Florida, but we have
enlisted the Indians into our army, and done that
which, during the Revolution, had been charged
bv the Earl of Chitham as a disgrace upon the
Eng'ish aims Uoon whos liiaci the responsi-
bility of this matter might fall, he did not know. It
might be, as suggested by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that it would fall on the shoulders of the late
Secretary of War
Mr. W1SC explained. He had made no impu-
tation upon the late Secretary of War. He had
merely said that the blame was laid at the door of
the Depirtment of War by Gen Clinch, the only
succesiiul commander in Florida In reply to the
gentleman from Vermont, (Mr Everett,) he would
•¡ay th-u he be'i°vtd with that gentleman, that when
them tteiwp-.ui "s'i ..ifed, that the Secret. !} w null
n it be foand to be the puthoi of the evils oí «I) ch
he had complained, but that he had permn'ed
himself to be made the mstrumj-nt m the hands of
otheis, was contrary to his own judgment, and
and yielded to that which an American officer ought
never to have vielded to, and he only blam°d the
Secretar}' so far as tha  he was not the man to-stand
up and rests' encroachments of those superior to
him
Mr CUSHING Fsaid that the gentleman from
Vngmia hod brought him to Ihe point at w Inch he
was about to arrive in his aigument He had
lead the testimony of General Clinch, whom he
believed tobe a brave and good officer,and he had
read the reply to it by Secretary Cass , and the
conclusion he had arrived at was, that the respon-
sibility of the outbreaking of the Seminole war
rested upon the head of General Jackson He
wished the matter probed to the bottom, so that the
country might see the whole of the rottenness
which was at the bottom of this matter
Mr. RICE OAKLAND, of Louisiana, wished
merely to state a couple of facts in relation to this
subject, which had come to Ins notice on his way
to this city, to show that corruption exited some
where. He was told by a respectable mdivdual
of an operation by which forty cords of wood cost
the Government f 7,000 The other case was that
of the ownei of a steamboat making enough on a
single tup of his boat from some point along the
coast, up one of the rivers of Florida, to pay for the
whole boat These things were told him on the
public highway, and they showed the mannei in
which the public money was squandered and
thrown away.
Mr. BOND of Ohio made a statement, of which
he had been informed, of some abuse in relation
to the expenditure of public money for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities The first appropria-
tion which they had made m the House for this
object, he believed, was one of $800,000* and that
was made at a time when there was an im-
mense surplus in the Treasury, without attract-
ing any notice. In a short tirn~ there was
another appropriation called for, of a million
of dollars, and so appropriations continued to be
made from month to month, as though they were
made with a view of getting rid of the large sur-
plus of public money on hand , and whenever an
attempt was made to have this surplus distributed,
the ghost oí this Florida war was brought to our
view by the Committee of Ways and Means, m
the shape of a bill appropuating some millions of
dollars or more for the suppicssion of Indian hos-
tilities, ard these were always brought forwaid,
without any communication being made to
the House from the proper Department , and
it was alwajs stated that the statements would
be submitted at some future time. We have
another appropriation for this object, called for
bv the Committee of Ways and Means of upwards
of a million and a half, which has the appearance
now of being introduced, for the purpose of hasten-
ing the passage of the bill for the postponement of
the third instalment of deposites with the States,
as the former appropriations had the appearance of
1 being introduced to prevent a distribution of the
puhlie moneys.
Mr. CAMBRELENG did not rise to detain the
House, but merely to reply to the gentlemen from
Ohio, who had thrown out an intimation, if not an
imputation, that the bill asking an appropriation
for the suppression of Indian hostilities was now
introduced for the purpose of facilitating the pas-
sage of the bill to postpone the payment of the
fourth instalment to the St?tes
Mi BOND did not make the lTputation. He
had cnl) s_ad that the bi'l was biou¿l.t foinard in
the same manner, and it seemed somewhat s'range
to him that these two measures should be intro-
duced m*o the House pan passu.
Mr CAMBRELENG said that this appropria-
tion was called for in ihe same manner that all
girt appiopr.ations of this character were ca'led
for The letter of the Secietaiv rf War sufficiently
explained the necessity of the appiopriation, and
he was soirj that ge it emeu did not apply m the
proper quarter to see how foroiei appropuat ons
w ere expended, as every it m could be found w hich
gei ilemen m "lit desi e to -  •■
Mr WISC then'lightly modified his resom'ion,
and proceeded to make sum' stnctures in relation
to the conduct of the present Commander in Flouda
towards one of the Indian Chieft, who was em-
ployed as an ally of the United Siates against the
Seminóle and Creek Indians, tin the express con-
dition that if he captured certain Chipfs of
the Creek tribe, he was to lemain on the
land ot his fathers until certain titles thrieto
could be settled, buf after the seivice w as peiform-
ed, the treat} was held up to him, and he was
driven away He contended that the most condign
punishment shoull be visited upon a Major-Gene-
ra! guilty of such conduct as th s towards the In-
dians witmn our territory
On motion of Mr CAMBRELFNG, th- House
then pioceeded to the orders of the day.
Thí following bills from the S*naie were taken
up, read twice, and, on motion of Mi CAMBRE-
LENG, referred to the Committee ol Wajs and
Means
A bill to authonze the ssinng of Trerour} notes.
A bill authorizing a turther postponement of pay-
ment upon duty bonds
A bi 1 for adjusting the remaining ck'ras upon
the late deposite banks
On motion of the same gentleman the House
then went into Committee of the Wnoi  in the
state of the Union, Mr HAYNES m t * chair,
and resumed the consideration of the
Bill to postpone tie fourth «rtalment o  de-
posite with the States.
The question pending was on ihe following sub-
stitute submitted yesterday by Mr DAWSON"
A BILL to be entitled an act to authorize the Se-
cretary of the Treasm y to suspend the expandí-
