from Rhode Island, who, thank God, is now out of
this House, and ought to be out of the eountry.
This individual feigned sickness, and remained al
home, while he was under pay of eight dollars a
day, and whilst the facts upon which he reported
were transpiring in his absence, for the purpose Sf
writing this report, and was furnished with notes
by two members of the committee, Dutee J. Pearce
and A'-ijah Mann; and when this report was
brought into the committee, and read, so audacious
were the falsehoods that it contained, that the ma-
jority were compelled to expunge a considerable
portion of it, and adopted what remained as their
own. Dutee J. Pearce had stated to his friend,
Col. Campbell, the gentleman from Massachusetts
(Gov. Lincoln) and himself, by way of apology
for himself, thai the report was written by the in-
dividual before referred to, and that Abijah Maun
of Hew York furnished the offensive notes. This
report however was setup as a standard of truth,
iind as an offset to the report of the minority; and
the best of it was that Hallett (the clerk) had the
insolence to complain that the majority had spoiled
■ the report he had drawn up for them, by striking
out the only passages which gave it point.
At this period of the discussion, on motion of
Mr. CAMBRELEiNTG, the House proceeded to the
orders of the day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House calling for
information in relation to the condition of the
Bank of Missouri; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Treasury Department, >
September 20, 1837.     J
Sir: This report is made in compliance with
the following resolution, passed on the 18th instant:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
inform this House at what time the Bank of the
State of Mi.-soui-i was made a deposite bank: raid
what amount of its own notes said bank had in
circulation, and what amount of specie it had in its
vaults, when it was selected. Also, what amount
of money is now in the hands of the receivers of
public moneys in Illinois, and where the same is
now ordered to be deposited." '
In reply to the first inquiry, I have the honor to
state that the agreement and bond executed in be-
half of the B,ink of the State of Missouri bear date
the fifth day of July, 1837. Some time elapsed
before these papers reached the Department, and
explanations were requested, which occasioned a
further delay of several weeks. The selection was
decided upon the 16th August, 1837; on which day
the notice of it, together with the forms of the re-
turns required, etc. were transmitted to the bank.
The selection, as is usual in such cases, is consi-
dered to take effect for some purposes from the date
of the bond and agreement.
In reply to the second inquiry, it appears by the
last returns of ¡he bank received here, that it had in
it vaults m specie $293,308 72, and had issued no
bills of its own.
This last circumstance existed with regard to
the Louisville Savings Institution at the time of its
selection, and since, and was deemed, as it has
proved, a great security to the Treasury. Recent-
ly the Bank of Missouri has issued a small amount
of bills; the precise amount of which has not yet
Ijm communicated. None of them are under
|2D, according to ihe representation made on that
subject.
In answer to the last inquiry—ihe gross amount
of cash held bv the Receivers of Public Money in
the State of Illinois, by the last returns received at
this office, was$336,639. From this should be de-
duced $127,000, being the amount of the drafts
outstanding upon them, and leaving a balance of
about $209,639. Of this bahn;e, about $190,000
has been directed to be deposited in the Dank of
the State of Missouri, being the nearest and most
convenient general depository for that purpose.
Respectfully submitted.
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of Ihe  Treasury.
Hon. J- K- Polk, Speaker of the House of Reps.
The letter was ordered to He on the table.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Hatnes in the chair, and
resumed the consideration of the bill to postpone
the fourth instalment of deposite with the States.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he would detain the
committee only to make a short reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee (Mr. Bell.) The gentleman
had referred !o the project of establishing a Trea-
sury bank of deposite and issue. On that question
he would not now detain the committee further than
to say that the Treasury bank was already esta-
blished, not only of deposite, but of circulation. We
have always liad one to some extent, and have
generally had two millions of warrants in circula-
tion. He had also referred to the expenditures of
Government—they had increased two or three
fold; but that increase had been made almost
exclusively for extraordinary purposes. We ap-
propriated in 1836 thirty-eight millions; of which,
as may be seen by a report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, seventeen millions and a half
were appropriated to ordinary purposes, and twenty
millions and a half to extraordinary objects. Of
the latter, thirteen millions and a half were required
for Indian treaties and Indian wars in the neighbor-
hood of the gentleman from Tennessee. The ap-
propriations for the present year amounted to thirty
two millions, of which fourteen were for extra-
ordinary purposes. He concurred with the gen-
tleman as to the necessity of reducing the public
expenditures. It is obvious they will, as they have
done uniformly, increase with an increasing reve-
nue, and he suddenly curt&iled when the revenue
falls short. Such would be the case now, and our
expenditures must be reduced to seventeen or eigh-
teen millions.
The gentleman from Tennessee appeared to
complain that the Executive had not, when the
crisis C3me upon the country, in May last, directed
the different departments to stop the expenditures.
This was singular ¡loctime, aft-r ail we had heard
for some years past on the subject of Executive
usurpation, to expect the Executive to direct the
execution of the laws to be suspended, while there
were means in the Treasury. But, sir, the views,
of the President and of the departments were, from
necessity, similar to those stated by the gentleman.
It was evident that the revenue would fail, and
that some of the expenditures could not be met—a
minute inquiry was instituted in every branch of
public expenditure, to ascertain what could be con-
veniently postponed till next year. It was ascer-
tained that somefifteen or sixteen millions might he
suspended till the next year, to wait the future ac-
tion of Congress.
It would, however, be wholly impracticable to
curtail the expenditures in the .last quarter of the
present year. The very branches of expenditure
referred to by the gentleman from Tennessee are
not now within our reach. One-half ef the amount
is already expended, and most of the remainder is
under contract. Whatever we may do in curtail-
ing the expenditures for the next year, any at-
tempt to interfers with the expenditures of the last
quarter would be wholly unavailable; and, if
attempted, must be attended with much loss and
embarrassment to Government.
But the principal purpose for which he had
ísen was to notice the financial statements of
the gentleman from Tennessee. He had stated
that we might have a surplus of twenty-three
millions and a half. He hoped the gentleman
would pardon him for saying that his resources
for creating this surplus were as unsubstantial
as the unexpended appropriations which the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. Dawson) proposed to
convert into money. What are they? The firs
item is five millions, being the amount of money
in the hands of the disbursing officers. Why, sir,
one half of this amount is already expended, and
the remainder is employed in paving the expenses
of your anny and navy—of the Florida war.
Indeed, some are for our naval, expenditures m the
Mediterranean, the Pacific, and in almost every
quarter of the globe. The warrants are issued
onlv a^ the money is actually required for the pub-
lic rervice; and except in some extraordinary case,
47
I as the Florida war, the money is paid over almost
as soon as it is received.
The next item to create this surplus is live mil-
lions five hundred thousand dollars to be curtailed
from the expenditures of the present year. That
is wholly impracticable, without stopping the pay
of our army and navy, our expenses in the Florida
war, and our public works of every character.
The third source nf revenue is four millions and
a half of drafts, drawn on the banks, and paid out
for claims upon Government, but not paid by the
banks according to the last returns. Why, sir, to
make this a source of revenue, we must draw twice
for the same amount. Two millions of this will
probably be returned to the Treasury, and not
paid by the banks, but the only effect is to di-
minish the receipts of the Treasury, and to increase
the amount due from the suspended banks.
The gentleman also relies upon an increase of
the receipts over the estimr.te submitted of three
millions. We have now before us a bill postpon-
ing the payment of the custom-house bonds for
nine months, which I presume will pass, after all
we have heard about granting relief. This will
throw into the next year two millions of revenue,
which was estimated for the present year, making
a differei.ee of five millions in the estimate of the
gentleman
The last resource embraced in the estimate of
the gentleman from Tennessee is the balance due
from the State bank's. Why, sir, we have now in
' this committee a bill extending indulgence to the
banks for four, six. and nine months. If we pass
that bill, as we probably shall, we shall place it out
of the power of the Treasury to draw for any portion
of these balances for any purpose, and these will
I probably amount to seven millions, when the two -
millions of drafts are returned to the Treasury.
Thus, sir, we have on one side of the account
resources relied upon to make the surplus means,
i estimated by ihe gentleman twenty-'evíii millions,
and deducting his estimated surplus of twenty-three
and a half millions, we have an actual deficiency,
according to the gentleman's own statement, of thiee
millions and a half.
~ Gentlemen might take what view they pleased
of the state of our finances, but it is impossible to
make any estimate which will not exhibit a defi-
ciency in our means to meet the current expenses
of Government. This deposite cannot be made
unless we create a public debt for the sole purpose
of placing a surplus in the Treasury, to be trans-
ferred and deposited in the Treasuries of the several
States. Such a measure, he felt persuaded, would
never be sanctioned by Congress.
Mr. BELL made a few remark's in rejoinder to
Mr. Cambreleng, and insisted that the statement of
the gentleman did not contra vert Mr. B's of yester-
day, that there was a dead fund of five millions- of
dollars on hand; and that, assuming that fact, which
he said was incontrovertible, according to the gen-
tleman's own estimate there would be a deficit of
only one million some odd hundred thousand, but,
according to Mr. B's estimate, an excess of rising
three millions.
Mi. UNDERWOOD addressed the committee at
some length, and went into a variety of financial
statements, showing that the Government had
means enough on hand, including the stock of the
Bank of the United States, which might be sold, to
, answer its present expenditures, without creating a
stock or borrowing money. He also went at
large into the subject of the Treasury scheme,
which he opposed as a delusive one, for its
tendency would be directly eontrary to what was
asserted by its advocates. It would be mak-
ing a discrimination m favor of the Government
officers agaiiii-t the people, increase the patronage
of the Executive, by giving him the control of all
the constitutional currency of the country, and the
appointments to be made in carrying out the
scheme, and lead, eventually,*o the establishment
of a Tieasury bank of discount. Mr. U. came to
the conclusion that the only remedy for the existing
embarrassments, and to prevent their recurrence,
was in a national bank, though he should not pro-
pose such a mrasure, and he believed that more
than two to one of the people were in favor of it.
Mr. PICKENS said he would submit a pioposi.
