CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
25th Cong..........1st Sess.                        THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1837.                             Volume 5.......Z.JNo~.'~
BY BLAIR & RIVES.____________________---------WEEKLY---------            PRICE $2, FIRST TWO SESSIONS.
[Continued froM JVb. 3.]
they to pay the money? Were they, to effect a
loan on the accruing revenue laws, or to rely upon
the southwestern banks to pay up the money depo-
sited with them'? "Was this a proper state to place
the finances of the country in? If it should turn
out that the Secretary of the Treasury had given
them wrong information on the state of the
finances, and if it should turn out that the Trea-
sury was in a sounder condition than he repre-
sented, the responsibility would rest upon him, and
not upon that House in passing this bill.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained, in reference to
the disbursing officers, that though there might ap-
pear on the books to be a balance due from one of
them of a million, yet that, in fact, there might not
be in his possession at the time five thousand dol-
lars; for the reason, as was understood, that they
were debited with the whole amount of the drafts
or warrants as soon as they were drawn.
Mr. BELL insisted that there were four millions
and a half in August in the deposite banks not paid
away by these same gentlemen.
Mr. GARLAND concluded, by laying that, he-
fore he acted on that subject, it would be his duty
to ascertain precisely, as nearly as he could, the
exact state of things; at present, he had nothing
else to guide him but the authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and on that he should
vote for the bill under consideration. Mr. G. how-
ever, did not admit all the grounds to be true. He
did not admit that there was such an amount of
unavailable funds as had been represented and
contended for there. This he should be able to
prove, from the report itself. But, though not
unavailable, yet the Secretary says it cannot be
come at in time, and for that reason Mr. G. should
vote for this bill. It was the Government's money,
and the Government wanting it, he should vote for
its being withheld from the States.
Mr. BIDDLE opposed the bill at some 'ength,
on the ground that the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury had not furnished sufficient data to
warrant its passage. Moreover, if the exigency
was of so pressing a character that the money could
not be paid, the Secretary could give the Stales the
same answer he did in July, viz: either keep back the
payment, fora time, on that ground, or tender them
in payment the notes of the deposite banks. Again,
Mr. B. objected to the bill, because it changed the
nature «>r character of the claim; and became, in-
stead of a claim upon the surplus fund noxv in exis-
tence, a claim at large upon the Federal Govern-
ment, or the people, which would have to be paid
in specie.
On motion of Mr. LOOMIS of Ohio the commit-
tee then rose and reported; and then,
On motion of Mr. GLASCOCK,
The House adjourned.
The following additional standing committees
were appointed by the Chair under the new rules
and orders of the House:
On Public Buildings.
Messrs. TOWNS,
YELL,
EVERETT,
McCLURE.
On Patents-
Messrs. LOOMIS,
CHEATHAM,
CRARY,
HAWES,
HALSTEAD.
IN SENATE.
Thürsdm', Sept. 21, 1837.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
remonstrating against  the  admission of  Texas;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. MORRIS presented a memorial frem sun-
dry citizens of Ohio, praying that Texas may not
be received into the United States; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Mr. LYON also presented a memorial to the
same effect; which was laid on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD presented two petitions; one
from Amasa Blown, the other from Abigail
Sprague, praying pensions; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill making appropriations for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities for the year 1837;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
[This bill makes a provision of one million six
hundred thousand dollars. In connection with this
bill, Mr. Wright submitted a letter from the Secre-
tary of War.]
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported on the several petitions preferred from the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans; from the
city of St. Louis, in Missouri; from the citizens of
Carroll county, in Mississippi; and the citizens of
Schuyler county, in Illinois. The report concluded
with the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners ought
not to be granted.
Mr. HUBBARD presented a resolution from the
House of Representatives and General Court of
New Hampshire, instructing the Senators, and re-
questing their Representatives, to oppose any and
every proposition to charter a Bink of the United
States.
The bill imposing additional duties on certain
officers as depositories in certain cases being taken
up" in the Committee of the Whole, the question be-
ing on Mr. Calhoun's amendment—
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rose and addressed the
Senate in a speech occupying two hours. On this
question Mr. S gave his reasons for voting against
the postponement of the fourth instalment to the
States. The States, he said, had in several cases
entered into contracts on the faith of the receipt of
this money, and had in some instances actually
made advances on those contracts, which would be
forfeited to the great injury and loss of these States.
Although the understanding between the General
Government and the States could not be considered
exactly in the light of a contract, yet it was very
like one in its nature, and he so viewed it.
The affairs of the country, he was aware, were
brought to an alarming crisis, and required caution
and the utmost deliberation. The attempt now
made to strike the banks with a ruthless and iron
hand, could not fail to re-act upon (he people, and
beget consequences still more fatal than those we
were now laboring under. Why was it proposed
to separate the Government from the people, by
having separate and distinct currencies? The mo-
ment such a measure was effected, the minds of
the people would be alienated—there would no
longer be an affinity between them. One common
interest should pervade both; they are embarked
on board the same vessel; and every individual, be
he, poor or rich, was more or less interested in her
prosperous voyage.
This idea of divorcing the Government from the
banks, he contended, was an afterthought. He was
prepared to show it was not the opinion of Ex-Pre-
sident Jackson, nor of Mr. Van Buren when he
was canvassing for the high office that he now fills.
[Here Mr. S. road extracts from the Message and
documents.] We were then told that these banks
were entirely adequate to all the purposes «f the
General Government; that they could regulate the
exchanges of the country, and perform all the offices
the Bank of the United States had done, safer and
better, and now we are asked to divorce them. He had
been told it was a content between the aristocracy
of wealth on one side, and the democracy of num-
bers on the other; for his part he did not know
where this aristocracy was—there might be such a
thing; but he thanked heaven ho had aever seen
it. They knew no distinction in the West, where
he was from, no difference, save in virtuous or
vicious actions. He protested against that spirit
of- uncharitableness which would" array one class
against another. We could never advance the
interests of the nation by inducing one portion
of the people to envy another—all should stand on
the broad platform of equality.
Various indeed -were the opinions of gentlemen
as to the causes of the distress in which we are in-
volved. Some tell us it is owing to our having
become speculators, consumers, not producers—
others again blame the excessive issues.of the
banks; while others (race it to the tariff—all he
knew was that a fearful anxiety pet vaded the mind
in relation fo it. He could not, like the gentleman
from South Carolina. (Mr. Calhctin) enter
into a metaphysical discussion of the subject,
but having mixed much with the peeple foi the last
eight years, he could take a common sense view
of the matter, such as he derived from the persons
in the West, with whom he had commingled, and
he would add, that although these causes might
have operated in part, yet he felt constrained to say,
that She great primary cause was the destruction
of the national bank, and the removal of the public
deposites..Previous to those acts by the Executive,we
had none of the ills to which wehave since been sub-
ject—public confidence was every where unimpaired
until that evil hour when the public funds were re-
moved from the vaults of the national bank. Then it
was that banks sprung up over the whole country.
We had placed the public deposites iu their keep-
ing, thus enabling them to expand their issues to
loan the money to those citizens who wanted it for
commercial and other purposes, and now we called
for a separation from all banks. Sir (said Mr. S.)
you are not entitled to a divorce upon principles of
common law and justice.
Added to all this was the Specie circular: the
moment people saw that you received nothing for
the public land but gold and silver, that very mo-
ment distrust seized upon the public mind; it was
like the fire in the great western prairies, nothing
could stop it; every man became suspicious, and he
who had a dollar in paper, drew out the specie and
and hoarded it up.
This circular was the means of drawing the spe-
cie from the East to the West, where it was not
wanted, and where it performed no other office than
being hoarded. Such a measure of itself could not
fail to destroy every bank in the country. Confi-
dence, that could alone sustain moneyed institu-
tions, was annihilated, and distrust universally cre-
ated. He would not charge improper motives upon
the authors of these evils; he believed they might
have acted from patriotic motives; but he felt him-
self bound to state the consequences that had arisen
from them.
The measures now contemplated by the admin-
istration, would draw all the specie from the West,
and place it at the disposal of the Executive,where,
with the army and navy, and Whole hosts of visiters
and examiners, he would soon have ihe means of
becoming irresponsible to the people. Are we.
could we,be prepared for the dreadful consequences
that would ensue from following out this phantom?
Suppose the specie made the only currency; what
would be the effect on those persons in debt? Their
property would he sacrificed for nothing, and one
wide scene of deso&tion and ruin pervade the
whole country.
Mr. STRANGE addressed the Senate in a long
and able speech. He remarked that it had been
the custom to ascribe the present difficulties of the
country to the Government having tampered with
the cu rrencv. He would answer that charge before
he should conclude what he had to say on the sub-
ject under consideration. With regard to the ex-
isting commercial distress, and the other inconve-
niences which were complained of, they were not
confined to this,-country alone. Any roan who
should cast his eye across the Atlantic, could not
