CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
by ballot to inquire into the cause of the Florida
war, and into the causes of the extraordinary de-
lays and failures, and the enormous expenditures
which have attended the prosecution of that war,
and into the manner of its conduct, and the facts of
its history generally; that the said committee have
power to send for persons and papers; and that it
have power to sit in the recess; and that it make
report to the next session of Congress.
The CHAIR stated ths question pending to be
the motion submitted on yesterday by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, (Mr. Cushing,) to strike
out the -words "by ballot."
Mr. CUSHING, however, rose, and stated that
he had on yesterday suggested this amendment to
the gentleman from Virginia, but that he had not
made the motion to strike out. The journal was
corrected accordingly.
Mr. GLASCOCK then rose and stated that he
did not desire to take up the time of ths House at
the present session, which was called for another
purpose, in discussing this resolution, as there would
be a ime hereafter more appropriate for doing so.
Mr. G. then moved to amend the resolution by
striking out all after the word " Resolved," and in-
serting the following:
"That a select committee be appointed to inquire
into the causes of the Florida war, and the causes
of the extraordinary dela3's and failures, and the
expenditures which have attended the prosecution
of the same, and all the facts connected with its
history generally; and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers."
Mr. HOWARD of Maryland moved to amend
the amendment, by striking out " a select commit-
tee," and insert " the Committee on Military Af-
fairs fee instructed;" the effect of which would
merely be to transfer the duty of investigation from
a select to a standing committee of the House.
Mr. H. said that his opinion had been more than
once expressed; that, as a general rule, it ivas pro-
per to refer all matters which might come before
them to some standing committee, whenever the
subject was within the range of the duty which the
rules of the House enjoined upon that committee
to perform. During the last Congress he had
moved to reconsider a vote by which a select com-
mittee had been ordered, for the purpose of refer-
ring the subject to one of the standing committees,
and the House had concurred with him in opinion.
"Whenever no appropriate standing committee
could be found, he admitted that it was correct to
raise a special one, and if this were such a case, he
would not now object to the adoption of this course
of proceeding. Eut so far was this from being
true, that if the House were to direct a special com-
mittee to be appointed, its duties would actually con-
flict with those of the Committee on Military Affairs,
as he would presently show. What reason could be
given, he asked, why there should be a select com-
mittee? Would the effect of such a measure be to
impose duties upon members of this House who
wtre not charged already with the execution of
others'? By no means. The members of a select
committee were generally, if not necessarily, taken
from othercommittees, and thus they werecompelled
either to discharge a double and burthensome duty,
or to abstract a portion of their attention from sub-
jects which were important enough to occupy their
whole time. During the last winter, the commit-
tee of which he had the honor of being a member,
had been compelled twice to send for one of their
associates, who was attending to the duties of one
of the select committees, and, .if his memory did
not deceive him, one of the subjects upon which
they were equally divided, was thus prevented from
being brought before the House at all. Other com-
mittees, he presumed, had experienced similar in-
convenience from the same cause.
But, in addition to this, one of the rules of the
House would show the propriety of confiding this
investigation to the Committee on Military Affairs,
as must be manifest upon reading it.
The 72d rule was as follows:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to take into consideration all subjects
relating to the military establishment and public de-
fence, which may be referred to them by the House,
and to report their opinion thereupon; and also to
report, from time to time,such measures as may contri-
bute to economy and accountability in the saii esta-
blishment.^
It is made their duty, by this rule, to report such
measures as may contribute to economy and ac-
countability, without waiting to have the conside-
ration of these topics especially referred to them by
the House. Did gentlemen then wish to discharge
that committee entirely, or to permit them to look
into the best mode of promoting economy except as
to lhat part of the army in Florida, and thus have
two committees employed upon the same subjects,
except that one would be occupied with a part of
the army, and the other committee with the resi-
due? What confusion must arise from such a pro-
ceeding! The resolution before the House pro-
posed to inquire into the causes of the delay and ex-
penditure of the Florida war, and both these duties
were specifically provided for by the rule which he
had read.
But there was another point in the case. If the
proposed investigation should be made by a select
committee, how could the House act upon the re-
port, so as to remedy whatever evils there might
be, except by referring the report to the CornmiUea
csn Military Affairs, to frame the necessary bills?
Tne resolution proposed merely a barren inquiry,
unproductive of any practical results. ]f it should
be contended that this special committee might
report bills also, then the proposition amounted to
superseding the standing committee entirely, by
vesting another one with a'l their duties; because
such bills could only be prepared after an intimate
knowledge of the condition of the whole army.
Mr. H. said that he had read the proceedings of
the Court which sat at Frederick, and the corre-
spondence between the'late Secretary of War and
General Clinch, as well as all other papers within
his reach, calculated to throw light upon the con-
duct of the Florida war. He dissented entirely
from the opinion expreísed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, (Mr. Cushing) that it was a dis-
grace to the country, nor could he understand the
metaphysical distinction, that the arms of the
country were- disgraced, and the officers not. He
thought that the causes of failure would be found
to resolve themselves into two, viz: the extraordi-
nary physical condition of Florida, as it had been
correctly described by the gentleman from Georgia,
(Mr. Holsey) and the great distance of the direc-
ting power from the theatre of war. In all cam-
paigns, of all nations, failure was almost inevita-
ble, where the head that planned was hundreds of
miles distant from the arm that executed those
plans. The army in Florida had performed their
arduous duty in a manner which was highly credi-
table to them, and he thought no disgrace had at-
tached to any quarter. But he was entirely willing
that the fullest and freest investigation should be
made, and nothing was further from his purpose
than to screen any officer, civil or military, if he
should be found deserving of censure. He trusted
that any committee to which it might he the plea-
sure of the House to send the investigation, would
pursue it rigorously and impartially, with no other
view than to do justice, whomsoever it might
affect.
Mr. MUHLENBERG said: when this resolution
was undci discussion yesterday, some remarks
were made by the gentleman from Virginia on my
left, (Mr. Wise,) which he regretted to hear, because
he thought they were in bad teste, and reflected but
little credit either upon the head or the heart of that
gentleman.
The attack made upon an absent gentleman,
unable to defend himself, was ceitainly, to say the
least of it, neither just nor generous. It reflects no
credit upon any man to insult a fallen foe, or to
strike and dirk him when unable to resist. In this
light I must view the attack made upon the absent
gentleman from Rhode Island. If that gentleman
had been present, there wnuld be no cause for
complaint, for he is amply competent to defend and
take care of himself, fie would have given the
gentleman from Virginia a Rowland fcr his Oliver;
measure for measure, in every specie^ of attack.
But, sir, I have not risen to reproach the gentle-
man from Virginia. The goodness of heart with
which I know that gentleman to be largely endowed,
has, no doubt before now, induced him to regret
the hasty and uncalled-for remarks made yester-
day. I have risen to correct some misapprehension
into which he has fallen. He stated that the clerk
of the Committee of Investigation alluded to, had
feigned sickness, in order to gain time for drawing
up a report. Sir, the clerk was taken ill shortly
after the committee had been organized, and before
it had made much progress in its labors; long before
a report was thought of, as no one could then say
what would be the result oftheinvestigitions going
on. The testimony of the attending physician, and
the evident marks of disease remaining after that
person's return to the committee, might hare satis-
fied the gentleman from. Virginia that the disease
was real, and not feigned. At all events, it could
not have been feigned for the purpose stated,
because there were at that time no materials for a
report.
When the proper time for making a report had
arrived, the majority of the committee directed Mr.
Pearce, being the first named of the majority on
that committee, to draw up a report for their consi-
deration; and I believe each member of that majo-
rity furnished him with his own peculiar views on
the subject. I know positively that this was done
by myself and some others. The gentleman from
Virginia pressed so much and so incessantly for a
report from the majority, that it was submitted to
the whole committee before the majority had had
an opportunity of hearing it read, and passing an
opinion thereon. When read in committee, I am
free to confess I heard it with no little surprise and
regret. I immediately, with a majority of the
friends of the administration on the committee,
protested against its adoption, and insisted upon its
being amended. It was accordingly returned to
Mr. Pearce, to be so changed as to meet the views
then expressed. When again presented to the
committee, it met with the approbation of the ma-
jority, and no complaints were heard from the
minority.
Does the gentleman from Virginia recollect that
his own report met with a fate similar to that of the
majority; that all his colleagues of the minority
refused to sign it?
As to the bitter experience of which the gentle-
man from Virginia complains of having had on
the stocked committees of investigation, as he is
pleased to call them, I have but little to say. This
I will, however, say: that I never before heard him
complain of the conduct of that committee, of
which he was the chairman; certainly such com-
plaints were never uttered during its sittings. When
the committee was about to close its labors, a vote
of thanks to the chairman was unanimously passed;
and the tear which stood in his eye when he made
his acknowledgments, and the apparent good feel-
ings with which the committee finally separated,
would seem to tell a different tale.
I regret, that before the gentleman of Virginia
had yesterday concluded his remarks, the orders
of the day were called, and that I was thus pre-
vented from making this statement immediately.
It would not have been made, if, as a member of
the committee spoken of, I had not been called
upon for it.
Mr. WISE said he was happy, extremely happy,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had had
time to sleep after the remarks he had heard on
yesterday, and prepare himself with proper werds
for the occasion. He was glad that the gentleman
was not called upon on yesterday, when he was
unprepared to meet the statement which he
(Mr. W.) had made. But did the gentleman con-
tradict the statement he had made on yesterday, in
the important particular in relation to the clerk of
lhat committee writing the report? He inquired of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he put
pen on paper in writing that report? The gentle-
man may have furnished Dutee J, Pearce with,
notes, but Pearce turned them over to Hallett, and
Hallett wrote the report.
Mr. MUHLENBERG said that this was a mat-
ter between the gentleman from Virginia and ?.fr.
Pearce. He (Mr. M.) presumed that Mr. Fearce
wrote the report.
Mr. WISE. The gentleman presumed that
Pearce wrote the report.   Now, he repeated what
