CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
law, ye i the gentleman says the practice issue is
whci\ei the Bank of the United fetales shall have
the deposites? "Would Ml Woodbury give them
to that bank? He thought m very unlikely. He
thought he could leave that issue to the Secietary
•with perfect confidence He would prole t
against the ghost of the dead bank being paraded
heie for effect A great deal had been said about
aigumen's ad caftandum. If there had been any
such, it «as this, all that had been said m re-
relation to the deposites was gratuitous His film
convicUoi was, that there could be no general re-
sumption oí specie payments without a simulta-
neous movement, all must resume at the same
time. II s great object m introducing his proposi-
tion u is to indicate a day foi it, so that the banks
maj be prepared Without that, the resumption
ca not lake place
tie stood here as little subject to suspicion m re-
gard to favoring the United Slates Bank as any
gentleman here The gentleman fiom South Car-
oline) signalizes his zeal as a new convert In
1816 he mtioduced and suppcit"d the bill for char-
iot in? the Bank of the United Stales He had be*u
a nun and unfl nchmg opponent of that institution
When that gentleman advocated a Bank of the
United States m '34, ho w as o posinp it He hoped
the gentleman would throw om no mint appeals of
that character. He had fhiown out insinuations
/ foi effect, and then disclaimed their appboation
It appeared to him that the íepet'tion oí these fpe-
tition  appeals show ed the w eakness of then cause.
Are «e children, that the gentleman endeavors to
í ugh ten us with the ghost of a Bank oí the United
States? No, sir He honed that Senators were
too sensible oí their position to be influenced by
these scenic exhibitions. Let the gentleman show
that thcie is any ital foundation foi the alaim
about trie bank-) iccovemig the Government de-
posites, and not em'eavor to excite gionndless
fr-us, and vvoik upon our imaginations
But no ground had been alleged ior these insi-
nuations They weie altogether giatuitous. There
was nothing in this pioposition that favored the
Bank of the United States moie than any other
bank.
He begged leave to say a woid or two to the
gentleman from M.ssoun He was thankful to
him for the suggestion, that if he looked over his
light shoulder he would see whom he was acting
with. Let me tell that gentleman, that when I
olTei a proposit on on this floor, I nev ei think who
Will vote for oi against it If the gentleman sup-
poses that I am to derive any support ovei my
ngm shouldei, he knows moie than I do. I know
one thing I knew «ho supported this bill beiore.
I know that five-sixths of the inends of the admi-
nistration supported this bill It was supported
almost unanimously. That is all I know I do
not pretend to speculate as to who will vole foi it
or against it. I bad not the suppoit of the gentle-
man from Missouri, nor do 1 expect it now,
noi do I expect that of any other paiticu-
Li gei tlmidn. It is enough íoi me lo be-
hev e tnat it is essential to the best interests
oí the countiy. So tar from seeing why his
moposition should now be abandoned, he saw
every thing to stimulate and urge him to bring
it fcrwiid It would be impossible that the banff
w institutions shoald ever rise again, without a
mcasuie ot tins ,orl They mutt he prootate The
pe >pie wished to see an end of this paper money,
that the gentleman from South Carolina and the
•wr-tltr""1 trim Mr-souii so much deprecated No
0"° had a decpn sens  of its dinger than he had
We should neve get lid oí th s evil, unless some
measuic of tins c^ac'ei shomcl be ad >p'°d He
was unvii'lins  to go back to a is con , tuents with-
out havni  fuv. done something ¡ i he re'ief of
the cm ti>. He was nnv l'lmg that the American
people should witness -n adjournment of these
bohes, without the np,s ge of some measure oí a
hc?lns; a^d a salot rj cr>ai icter, in iegi>dtotne
cuiuncv of tie coun rv He i 't tiat it was i e-
c°ssary t ¡ f1 v some day Í n the ies"mpt on oi spe-
cie p-n men's ov the banks before w ^n home 11
oukr that the people might have ?n assurance of
getting rid of that most hoinble abomination, the
spurious  or precanous substitutes for money that
aie now ovei running the land. But, in regard to
the peisonal appeal of the Senator from Missouri,
if I stand in a position which he mdica'es;
if I am to look over the light shoulder for a
guide or leader, will the honorable gentleman,
oblige me by looking immediately m front
of him, he will find his file-leader. [Mi Ca'-
houn sits m fiont of Col Benton ] Now, that is a
singular transposition of places, indeed. The ho-
norable gentleman fiom Missouri, who has so long
taken the subject of the currency undei hisparticu-
lai care, is now content to iurnish facts and hints
for anotliei leader He had not looked for or sought
any special support from any gentleman on that
floor He had not changed his position. II any
gentleman suppoited him, he presumed it would be
fiom patiiotic motives When the Sub-Tieasnry
scheme vvas introduced into the House of Repre-
séntate es in 1834, it received but thirty-three votes,
and only one of those «as a friend of the adminis-
tration, and this scheme was then denounced under
the auspices, and in the name, of the administration
as i evolutionary, disorganizing, anti-republican—
tending to enlaige the Executive powei, and place
m its hands the means of coirnplion. Bdieving
now, as ho did then, that such is the chaiacter and
tendency of the measiue, he adheied to the giuu id
taken bv 'he republican part} in 1834, and he would
use every weapon whiei reason and argument eould
fuinish in opposition to it He would freely co-
operate with any party, oi any individual, in resist-
mg a scheme which he btlieied to be fatal to the
best mteiests and happiness oí the countiy, ard in
doing so, he did not consider himself as abandon-
ing, bul, on the contrary, maintaining, the true
republican faith
Mr CALHOUN said that, aftei his disclaimer
jeueidav, he was much surpiised to find himself
the object of a personal attack He contended that
the st^nd taken by him in the vtai 1834 wou'd
speak for itsell He rebutted, villi much warmth
the lemarlts of the Senator about his "zeal," and
identifying him with the Senator from Missioun,
and said the whole lemarks were alike unwoithy
of the Senator and the Stale he represented.
On motion of Mr. CLAY,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
SATURDir, September 23, 1837.
Petitions and memonals weie piesented by
Mr MAYofl'hnois
Mr  EWING  of Indiana
Messrs BOND and TAYLOR ol Ohio
Mr HAYNES asked leave of the House to
make a molion that from and aftei Monday next,
the House shall meet at ten o'clock.
Objection being made—
Mi HAYNES moved a suspension of the rules,
which was agreed to, and the motion to meet at
ten o'clock prevailed
Petitions and memorials were fmther presented
by
Messrs DARLINGTON, MORRIS, MoKEN-
NAN, and OGLE oí Pennsylvania
[Mr M Morris of Pennsjlviama piesen'cd the
memorial of John Paxson, Charles Marquedant,
and eightv othprs, eitizens of Bucks county m the
State of Pennsyhaim, remonstiaang against the
annexation of Texas  to the United Slates.]
Messrs MARVIN and LOOMIS of New Yoik
Mr TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island
Messrs ADAMS and PARMENTER, of Mas-
sachusetts, and
Mi  FAIRFIELD of Maine
IiNCU'IIiA  IN' RELATION TO ttlF  FLORIDA W>R
The House then pioce^ded to the unfinished bu-
siness of the mommg hour, v Inch was oV conside-
ra'ion of th( f(no\viig resolution, submitted bj
Mi   Wise on the 19th in tant
Resohc', That a sc'^ct comm tee be appointed
bv bal1 ii to 111411 ie into the c ise of 'hi F'o la
wai, and imo the causes 0l the deh\s ? J faikucs,
and the expenditures w h en hav " if' nded the pic -
secution oí that war, and into the manner oí its
conduct, and the fact oí its histor; g<meia!l<, tint
the said committee have novver to send for persons
am1 papers, and that it have power to sit in the ,
recess, and that it make report to the next session
of Congress
Mi GLASCOCK had moved to amend the fore-
going resolution by striking out all after the word
" íesolved," aud insert the following.
" That a select committee be appointed to inquire
into the cause of the Elonda war, and the causes of
the extraordinary delays and failures, and the ex-
penditures which have attended the prosecution of
the same, and all the facts connected with its histo-
ry geneially, and that said committee have power
to send for peuons and papers."
The question immediately pending, was the mo-
tien of Mr. Howard to strike out the words " that
a select committee be appointed," and insert "that
the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed-'
Mr WISE said, when he came to Congress four
}eais ago, and when  he was first elecled by the
people of his distr'ct, he was the friend of power.
He had not been heie long before he found that
power needed no fuend, it was too stiong aheady
He looked narrov/ly at the condition of the public
institutions.   He  watched closely the enemies of
the public institutions of this country, and he found
thai the chief enemy ot  those institutions was the
consolidation of all powei in the hands of the Exe-
cutiv e    He looked at the public domain, the rich-
est mheutduce which anv nation was eve' gifted
with, and he saw that all these  riches were at the
disposal of the President.    He saw this powei so
exercised that the new States were at the bidding of
the   Executive      He   looked   at   all   the   othei
sources   of   power,    at    all    the    little   springs
and all the large fountains, and he saw them all
pouring into the hands  of the  Executive.    He
looked  at the  public press, and he found that it
belonged to the  Executive, and  a greater power
still he found  to consist in  the appointment and
removal of officers     All this, and more than this,
he saw concentiated mlo  the hands of one  man
It was Hue that some check was provided in the
Constitution, b\ giving Congress the contiol of the
public purse, but between his fust  election and
the time of taking his seat here,  the President,
through the power of appointment to, and removal
fiom, office, seizetlupon the custody and control of
the public money; and,  instead -of Congress con-
trolling him, he   had   the   control   of Congress
thiough    the   lemovmg   and   appointing power.
In  consequence   of these  important and  exten-
sive pow eis offences   must need come, and these
offences were corruption,   dictation,  and  oppies-
sion.    This was  not meie theoiy  that offences
must   come, for he found a party with the max-
im, when he come here, that to the victors belong-
ed the spoils 111 lull piactice   He was not long heie
before he was undeceived, and he then declared that
he was no longer the friend of power.    H  then
set himself to w ork to diminish this power, by ex-
posing its abuses     It was a sacred duty which he
owed to his country, and he took it upon himself,
disregarding every personal risk to which he might
expose himself    It was true, he foresaw the diffi-
culties which any man would have to encounlei,
who  should undertake to leaid the lion of power
in his den   It was necessary that coiruption should
be exposed, and how w as it to be exposed?   The
House of Representatives, the giand inquest of the
nation, he took lo be the proper place to expose it,
as  the íesponsibility  íested there     He then took
np--n himselt this task, but not alone   theie   was
ai othei individual, who was now absent, connected
wim him, and wi'h a  fixed  resolution in their
minds, ftv} commenced the wouc, íegardless oí all
difficulties" and   danpers     They  knew who   the
cuernas   oi   tm    institutions   of   their   country
wc-es and  ttuj   c«. ma'cd  the enemies   of those
institutions    as    rr>  Le    dangerous    than    a    fo-
reign  foe     He    wished    o  bo peiruitti.il  to  say
of  that  absent  ft -ncl,   tba* he  was more than a
crinpomon  he was j owciHu mintellect, eloquent,
mag «<pjmous and 1 tic, and stietch  as he would
luteal   leach as -ie  vvoi 'd   in   migntv   erergi,  to
11 -m  H th„t f,i  ill's side, h s onv a ci  march     as
sidi'hai  h= e i.ld not Jiicp p?c with bur     That
maX   w   s ua e T'vton •>    Ten"essee, thi 1 whom
a more  _•> fit us,  honoiablc 01 lush miiu'e 1 man
lever   vcC   The difhc'dt'es mcUtai „c sci tnei-duty
v c ie co is antiv compel! ug them lo bu nw tnemselve,
on the spears of power aud its p 11 asiles     The truth
had to be told boldly,  biavelj   and miflinch ngh
In making their charges, they w ere frequently met,
