80
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any partial measure of relief Much had been s id
about ihe deposite banks having disgraced them-
selves, as being unable to pay But there was no
displace attached to them, tney weie as well able to
pay now, as befoie they suspended specie payments
No, they had not disgraced themselve-, it was the
Secretary himself who had biought disgrace and
dishonoi upon them There had been much talk
about western papei, but he would tell them that so
far as Indiana vas concerned, for every two dollars
of paper issued, she had one dollar in specie She
was ready to pay hei debts at any lime when the
Government thought fit to pay her, and she asked
foi none ol the pioposed measures ol renef, but
v is ready to pay her share He was v llhngto
vote for the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, but he would vote for no par-
ti 1 measures of relief. Why did not the House
penmthimlo introduce his íesolution, calling ioi
returns fiom the land offices7 He would then show
them that theie ivas one law foi the people, and
another for the favored lew who enjoyed the pa-
Uoru<ge ol Government Asan instance, he would
mention a case wheie an ordei had been issued from
the War Department to <in ofucei, bul that order
was accompanied with a pin ate letter, informing
him that he might disobey the ordei if he thought
proper. It was this state of things which he wished
to expose. Again, it had been said that a portion
of the money due to the Treasury was unavaila-
ble, but they might depend upon it, that although
they did not chi ose to make it available to the peo-
ple, they would speedily iind means to make it
available to themselves The) had the power to
mrke it available 01 unavailable, just as they
pleased
Mr JENIFER w ished to give his views on the
bill, but was willing to defel his remarks until to-
me now, provided the Chairman ol" the Committee
of Wavs and Means would pledge himseli that the
pieuous question should not be 'aken until late in
the da)
Mi CAMBRELENG said he believed theie was
an understanding that the question on the passage
of the bill would not be taken untd hte jn the da>
Tae question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Adams, to that oí Mr Pickens,
viz
"And all the balances of public moneys clue
fiom all the deposite banks ait hereby appropriated
to die said paynn nt, and no part ol the in shall be
apphul to anj ol) er [ ayment wlulevei, and tl the
nci ion oí tut .ml balances due by the said depo-
site banks <. inn )t be itoovcitd in time to enable
the Ticasury lo pay the uhok ol t it said dtpo< le
•with the .Stales, heieby made payable on the first
oí Janiniv, lb s9, thru the inslal'in nt o, dtbtlmni
the lute Bank ol the Unittd Slates lor the stock m
that institutK n held by the Unite 1 St ties, payable
m Ot'obci, Ib-iS, is hcuby appiopnated to make up
any insufficiency ol the Minis itcovered iioni the
deposite b i ik&, lo complete the «aidpij in< nt of the
louit'i in in irnt ot the deposite with the State s
An 1 ll I'lc v il sums, so app opuated, hi uld still
prt ve i.isnflict< ul to complete tht sud payment, tht
lath oi the Dn ted Suits is heieby pkciged that
ptovision shall be made by Congiess to complete
tin same "
Ajts 80— iiota Hi I So the amendment to the
d.)n ndmt-iU v, as lciet ted.
'fin question i,,h thtii tiken on the Jtiicidiiirni
ol xVlr Pit kens, v/ to stiike out ' until luithu
pionsio i 1} lau," and instrt ihefrstti Janu-
aiV next1—aves bo, noeo notcountt, I
No iIk amen '>n< nt uas rejected
VI t UNDLOVOOD moved to amend the bill
by u kin,/ t u' die v hole oí it, aliti the enacting
o t ust , ?u ' it spji i$r the following
Í iat n ibe lam's set apart to be deposited w th
the Su ->, uivnluc ol the act of June23,I836,
sliallpio til i llalli oi insuP citnt to any e Jei t
to uk t Hit ríotisto i ti'iiai ati, in such case the
Sttretary oj the TieaMnv is htrtb} authoiized and
d itcted to sell, cii ' tiaisi r ti the pmchaser or
•i uch seis, the boiids t< tht Um't 1 States Bink ol
s crinsjlvaiiia, or evidence.) n di> debt "which the
s i i bank has contracted to pay tht United Slates,
for indm consideiation of the stock which the Uni-
ted States owned in the late Bank ot the  United
States, and apply the proceeds of such sale or sales
lo make up the deficiency, provided, that the said
bonds or evidences of debt shall not be sold for less
than their par value; and provided, also, that the
bonds and evidences of the debt aforesaid, for the
first instalment thereof, shall not be disposed of un-
der this act."
The amendment was rejected—ayes 81, noes 107
After the lejeclion of othei amendments offered
by Messrs. Mason and Martin,
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
The committee lose and reported t! e bill to the
House without amendment.
The SPEAKER presented a Message from the
President, forwarding to the House, m compliance
with a resolution of the 13th mst a Report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the diploma-
tic coi respondent betv een the United States and
Great Britain, on the subject of the northeastern
boundaiy. Also, copies of diplomatic co'responJ-
ence between the United States and Bra7il
They were laid on the table, and ordered to be
pnrted.
-    On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, September 27,1837.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition, praying the
revival of the pre-emption law,
Also a memonal from a committee, appointed
by a meeting of the cituens of Marion county,
Indiana, complaining of the tardy opetations on
ihe Cumbeiland road, and praying the assistance
of a superintendent of the load within that S ate,
which were laid on the tabic
Mr. M'KEAN presented a memorial from Aaron
S Haines, Thomas Johnson, and one hundred
and twelve others, remonstrating against the annex-
ation of Texas, which u as laid t n the table
Mi. PRENTISS prestnttd nine memorials fiom
different counties m Vermont, signed by women,
lemonstratmg against the annexation of Texas,
which weie laid on the table.
Mr WEBSTER piesented a memorial fiom
Lama R Marsh, daughtei of the late Elisha
Phelps, of the revolutionary army, for a pension,
which was laid on the table.
The resolution submitted by Mi Preston, that
the Committee on the Library be instructed to in-
structed to inquire whethei the purchase of Mr
Madison's, books, authorised by a i appiopiiation of
Ihe last session ot Congies , Ins bi-mi m<id , and it
so, t iat the said committee inquiie into and report
a plan for the publicatio i ol the vine, was taken
up and agtted to
On motion of Mi HUBBARD, the petitions of
Lieuteirnts Lang and Rideway, which vvert pre-
sented bi him some daj-, since ?nd hid on the ta-
bic, wen token up, an I lelenea to tht (.on miLec
on Naval Affairs
SPECIAL ORDER
The Senate lpsunn.' me coiisnlciatioi ot the bill
. imposing ceitam dimes on publ c others as depo-
sitoues  in  ceitam  cases—the   question   pending
being on Mi   Cu holm's amend nuit.
Mr WALKER addi ssed the Senate at some
length in favot ol the fetih-Ticasuiy system, as a
measme the best calculated to relieve the piesent
disliesstd state of the countiv
A i the suggr stion of Mr HUBBARD, a verbal
modification was made in the amendment of Ml
ClLHOUN
Mi MORRIS staled that his objection to the
amendment oí the Senatoi vMi Calhoun) was,
that it permitted the iteept on of bank notes ot
anv 'ascription by the Government He remaiktd
that he was opposed, w Klo, to thpt He had
heieto'ote repressed his op nion that the Govern-
ment liad no right to discharge or receive then
dues in any thmg hut gold and silv er II is object,
then m offering tin amendment he did last evening,
was to obtain a repeal of the law to w hich he ob-
jected, as soon as could convement'y be done If
tne Senator should not think proper to modnj his
amendment, so as to meet his (Mr M's) views m
this respect, he would a^k at the proper time, to
stake out the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN replied that he had no objec-
tion to provide that no notes under five dollars
shall be received.
Mr. C. then made a slight modification of his
amendment.
Mr. BENTON rose and said thai an objection
had been urged against the Sub-Tieasury system,
on the ground that drafts on the Governmenf might
be circulated as a cunency like gold and silver.
He would therefoie offer an amendment to meet
the objection.
The following was then sent to the Secretaiy's
desk, and after being íead, was laid on the table
" And be xl furthei enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secietary of the Tieasmy to piescnbe
regulations to enforce the Dpeedy presentation of
all Government drafts, f r payment, at the place
where pavable; and m case of unieasonable delay
in such presentation, payment of the draft so de-
layed may be made at any other place within the
limits of the United States "
Mr CALHOUN suggested whether it would not
be bett r that the Senate should now adjourn, m
ordei that Senators might give to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio (Mr Morris) some httls
leflection. Besides, this body was far advanced in
the business before them.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped that an adjournment
would not now take place. It was too early an
hour, and we should proceed as fast as possible
with the business we had to transact.
Mr CALHOUN disapproved of the time for the
adjournment of Congress being fixed at so early a
day. An early decision on the matters before Con-
gress was important, but still it was necessary that
discussion should be had on them.
He said he was willing to remain here till De-
cember oi Januaiy next, lather than leave this lm-
poitant question unsettled. He w ould vote for an
adjournment for the reasons which he had stated.
Mi CRITTENDEN then rose and delu eied his
views at length m opposition to the bill.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, September 27, 1837.
The Hon JOSEPH L. WILLIAMS, a member
elect from the Stats of Tennessee, appeared, quali-
fied, and took his seat.
Pennons and memorials weie presetted by
Messrs. GRENJ> ELL, ADAMS, and CAL-
HOUN, of Mass ichusetts
Mr EVERETT, of Vermont.
Mr MARVIN oí New York.
Mr BIDDLE asked the leave of the House to
offer the following resolution-
Resolved, That the leport of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, en the subject oí pavments m specie, be
nferred lo the Committee of Ways and Means,
wit! nstinttions >o mqiuie and leptrt how fai the
discieitoraiy powei, row exercised by ihe Secre-
te íy ot the Treasury, mat,, without prejudice to
the public seivicc, be subjected to legislative regu-
Ution
Objection being made,
Mi BIDDLE ihcn mot ed a suspension of the
i ales, and called lor the yeas and navs
Bit CAMBRELENG said, with peimission of
the House, he would make a suggestion to the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
Mr MERCER rose and objected
Mr CAMBRELENG All I wanted to say
was that the subject has been alieady reported
upon by the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr HAMER wished to ask of the Chair when
resolutions vsould be in order.
The CHAIR icphcd that the rules oí the House
presented the order of business After the piesen-
tation of petitions and leports from committees,
then resolutions would be in outer
Mi  SMITH rose to make a remark—
The CHAIR It is not m order to entertain a
disscussion on a motion io suspend the rules.
Mr SMITH lose to a question of order. This
was a subject that had already been reported on,
as we had been informed by the chanman of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and this being the
