COflreRESglOJiAL CHLOBE.
",:*",'." *'" '   '-—■■■——i..—.....-,—......   i,   .^.^......^—. ^  ...,,.................       —.....—-----------------------     ,,      „...  ..... i ,—      .       ............      .-.   i.......i—, ,m.„, ,,.-,■....., i......,„-«, i   i  .....  .i,,,.. „„jm ■.,.■_,.,. i.—.......—^to
25th Cong.........1st Sess.                                 MONDAY, O'-TOBER 9,  1.37.                                     Volume 5...........No   6.   '
BY BLAIll & RIYES.                                         ---------WEEKLY---------              PRICE $2, FIRST TWO SESSIONS.
[Continued fro.n Xo. 5 ]
case, he wished to inquire if it was in older to open
up this subject anew.
The CHA IR said it w as in ordei to move to
suspend the rules, and that was the only question he
had to decide.
The j eas and naj s were then ordered, and the
question being taken, was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 85, najs 101, as follows:
YEVfe—Messua \danr , A'exander, Ayckugg, Bell, Bitldle,
Bond, Buchanan, William B Calhoun, John ( aThouli, William
B Cdinpt.cH, W iiham P. Caitei, Chambeis, Cbeahim,
ChikS Coi v m <\ ms'on Clocked, Cmtis, Cuslimg, Danwg
to , Dawson, Davies, Be berry, B-enris, Everui, Ewmg, Rich
aid Fletcher, F,v, Goode, James Ciaham, Wilham Giaham,
Grennel1, Grifan Hall, liiistead, Hallan, Harpet, Hastings,
liavves Item y, Heiod, Hem y J ihn^on, William Cost J >lmson,
Andievv Vv Joomis, Malloiy, Marv.n, isamson Mi-on ^laury,
Mavwtll, McKennan Menifee, Mercei Mllhgan, MatlhiisMcr
us, Galvaiy Moms, Naytor Noy#s Ogle, Pattereon, Phil ips,
Potts, Potter, Rai den, RnUway Robu'son, Rtmiety, Ru sell,
«ergei it, Animóme íí Shtppeid, Challes Sh^aid, fehieUN,
sioiuhgafe, Stanley, Slratton, Talta'erro, Toland, Albert ^
White, John Wlnte Ellsha Whittlesev, Lewis Williams, bliei
led Wilhams, Joseph L Williams, Chllblophei IT Wli'iama,
Wise and Yoi ke—Si
NAYS—Messtt. John W Allen, An lei son, \ndiews, Ath
ercon, Beatty, Benne, Bicknei, Lndsall, Boon, Boiildm Hiod
head, Bron^on B.uyn Cambicleng, Ca=.e}, Chanej, Chapman
Cille\, Chik Cleveland, Clowney, Co'e<; Connor, Ciaig
Craiy, Cn hman Diver Fainngton, Fairfield, Fos er, Cíalllip,
Oholaon, Ola cook Giamland, Grant Gray, Haley, Hammond,
Hamn, Hani&on H-iyne^, TioUey Hopkins, Howard, Hobiey,
W H Huntei, Ingham, T B Jack&on, í Jack=on, J John
son, Kemhle, hilaoie Klingenennh, Lincoln, Logan, ArphaxeJ
Loomis, James M Mason, Varim, May, McKay, Robert Me.
Clellan, Abraham WcG'elHr, MeCluie MeKim Millet, Mooie,
Moigan, Samuel W Morris Muhlenberg, Noble, Owens, Pir i
W, Pdimenler, Patten, Paynter, Pennybacker, Petriken, ^
Phelps, Piitt, Prent ss Heel, Reily, Rhett, Richaidaon, Rivt 1
Sawyei, Shipler Smith, Snyder, Spencer S'evvarl Tho
mas, Titus, Toucey. Towns ltirnev, Vail Vandeiveer, Wa
eener, Wreb-?ter, Vi eeks, Thomas T Whituese), Jaied W
\\ idtai.s, Won1 Ksion, and Yell—101
Messrs. FRY, NAYLOR, and PAYiNTER of
Pennsylvania.
Mi. HOWARD of Maryland.
Mr. BOULDIN of Virginia.
Mr. CONNOR of Nor'h Carolina.
Mr. POLK, Speaker, of Tjimessee.
Mr GRIFFIN of South Carolina.
Mr. OWENS of Georgia.
[Mr. Owens presented the memoiial of citizens
of Camden countv, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Larjsburg to Burn* Fort, m said
county.]
Mr. MASON of Ohio.
Mr. SNYDER of Illinois.
Mr LEWIS of Alabama.
Mi. THOMAS, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was consideied and adopted-
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire what laws will expire with
the termination of the present sess'on of Congress,
and to repoit a bill to continue 111 force such as
ought to be extended
Mr. W C.JOHNSON of Maiy land, on leave,
submitted the following resolution, which was con-
sidered, and adopted
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings be, and he is hereby, requested to lay
before Congiess the plan of the Treasury building
now erecting; showing the whole design of the
edifice, and its exact location upon the public
ground, and its airangement with the adjacent
streets and avenues, and also in his report to say
whether it is intended to talce down the building
now occupied by the State Department, or whether
that budding is to form apart of the nsw edifice
The following resolutions were submitted, which,
by a íule pf the House, lie over one day, uz
By Mr. WILLIAMb of North Carolina-
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to repoit to th's House th° expense of nans-
poitmg the Express Mail, the amount of revenue
derived fiom it, and the regulations adopled for the
government thereof.
By Mr. STANLEY.
Reso'ved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish this House with a statement of
t he number of Sub-Treasuries which will be re-
quired, if the bill imposing additional duties as de-
positories, in  certain   cases,   on publi  officers.
should become a law , and ftirrhei, how many
new offices must be cieated, if any, how many
new buildings to be erected , and v. hat will be, as
nearly as he can estimate, the annual expense of
the system, what the salaries to be paid the offi-
cer , and what will be the commissions to which
they will be entitled.
By Mi. MALLORY:
Resolved, Tnat the Secietary of the Navy be re-
quested to cormiu'ucue to this House the cause of
the detep'jon 111 th^ s ! „g oí the Evpknig squad-
ron, toge.hti with the oonespondenc be'ween the
Department and the coram? wer, and otl> r officers
or pels >ns w ho ?re nt n-, 01 raí e be"n at an} time,
attached to that seivice, and also rfpor' what
amount of the appiopi la'un ma le by Congiess for
mat purpose has been expended, aid whether in
atld'tionil sum will not be required v ithm a shott
period to eari^ on the expedition
Br. Mi. CAVING
Resolved, Tiiat the Stcretaiy of ti e Tieasury be
directed, v,nh as 1 trie delay its possible, to commu-
nicate to this Hon^e Lie auat.tit.j- oí lands sold,
the proceeds theieol, aid the amount of specie re-
ceived 111 pait oí said pioceee's, at the different
land offices, daniig the j\ t jear, and embiacmg
up to the last reported rctuiiis of the present; and
to designate, with as pieci^e a description as the
íepoils of the laud efhees and deposito!íes of pub-
lic money may enable bun, all the paper, oí everg
kind and denomination,lerenedm paymentdunne
said period, the dales when lecened, whether tht
same or any othei pail tnei-v1 was i' the shape 0
dtafts, checl s, notp-. udN, 01 trder, by whom
made, whe 1 an 1 whue pa., a i\, the a1 loitnls set, e-
rally, at what land oftice received, by whom paid
into the office, and by whom endorsed, if there
weie any endorsers, also, the names and places of
the depositories theieof; 01, if anj, what other dis-
position has been made of said paper, or any por-
tion, by ordei of the Department
NATIONAL BANK
The House then pioceeded to the consideration
of the following íesolution, repotted from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means 011 the 25th instant, it
being the bus nes^ i< u 11  oi<'ct
Jles'lvid, That it 1^ incxitd eat to'hatier a na-
tional bank
The question pending was the motion of Mi.
Wisf to amend the íesolution by adding theielo,
"at this time And be it fuither lesolved, that
it will be expedient to establish a national bank
whenever there ts a clear manifestation of public
sentiment in favor of suc-h a measure "
Mr. SERGEANT, v ho was en'itl. d fo he flooi,
stated that he telt gieal'y n disposal, and would
feel obliged if the House would induljo ínm ull
to morrow.
Mr CAMBRELENG had uUeistood the íepoit
on the Mississippi election to be the iirst thing
m order this morning, and he theiefoie hoped the
above would be pos'poned t il to-morrow- At the
suggestion of the Chan, Mi. C varisd his motion
•so as to postpone it tdl Saturday morning, and
give it precedence over «ill other business, vh-ich
was agreed to
Mr. SMITH of Maine, on Kive, submi W a
motion to print 5,000 extra cop ts of the Message
of the President, commumc<ittiig tne ce^irespon-
dence m relation to the noitheast boundarj, nhich
was agreed to
Mi ADAMS then asi<ed .ca\e to move to print
5,000 extia copies et the coirespondencc in rela-
tion to Brazil, b".t it «as objeciej to
Mi. PATTONfftom the Je. 1 1 C mwii'iec en tho
Librar), on leave, lepnted the loihwmgiesolut on,
which was considered and adnr/ted
R solved, Th^it the Commit ee on 'he Lien j be
instructed to asceitt'i, wncMer the pniehase oí
Mr. Matuson's work, authorised h\ an apj lopr.a-
tion at the last session of Congress, nas oecn made,
and if so, tha' the said committee inquire into, and
repoit a plan for the publication ot the same
MISSISSIPPI  ELECTION.
The House then piOGeeded to the consideration
of the business of the morning hour, being the re-
port of the Committee on Elections, which was ac-
companied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Samuel J. Gholson and John P.
H. Claiborne-, are duly elected members of tüe 25th
Congress, and as such are entitled to take their
se?is.
The question was on concurring with the Com-
mittee in the above resolution.
Mr MAURY addressed the Committee at some
length in opposition to the resolution. He con-
tended that by the Constitution of the United States,
it w as made the duty of the Legislature of Missis-
sippi to prescnbe the time, places and manner of
holdmgtheirelections. TheComtituLor if th<-Uni-
ted States had made it their specific duty to do so.and
if they refused 01 neglected to exercise the pow ei -on-
iei'ed upon them, it was for Congress to exercise it.
It \as rot m tne power oí the Governor, he argu-
ed, to iletermine upon the time, places and manner
of holding elections, and even li the Legislature ot
Mississij pi had conferred this powei upon the Go-
vernor, he could not have exorcised it legally, be-
cause it would have been in contravention of the
Constitution of the United States [He then went
into a critical examination oí that clause in the
Constitution of the United States which sajs
" When vacancies happen in the represontation
from any State, the Executive authority thereof
shall issue writs of election to nil such vacancies,"
and oí the definition of the word "banpen," to
show that the vacancy which had occ telbvthe
expnation of the term of the two ep sst.-ndlii.es
from Mississippi on the third of Ma.A las., was
not such a vacancy as that contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution when tbey inserted the
above clause ] The above clause, m his opipion,
only referred to the contingency of a vacancy hap-
pening by the death, resignation, or other inability,
of a member fiom a State, and did not refer to the
case of the expiration of tho term of service of
representatives.
He contcneled, also, that argument as to time
would not he, because the Governor of Mississippi
could have assembled the L gisl?ture pud 1 al an
elect.on held 111 time enough in the legal and proper
mode. He next lefeired to cases that he consid-
ered cases in point, whieh had occurred in the Se-
nate of the United States, where seats became va-
cated by the expiration of the teim of Senators,
and whete the Governor had filled such vaemncii's ;
and showed that two decision? had been had by th"
Sena'e where it refused to permit such Senatois fo
appointed to qualifv and take their seats, because
they declared thit the Governor of the State had
no powei to make a temporary, where the regular
term of the member had expired.
Mr. M concluded by mo\ mg to strike out all
after the word " Resolved," and inserting " that Sa-
muel J. Gholson and John F. II. Claiborne, not being
duly elected members of the House of Representa-
tives, are not entitled to seats on this door as such."
Mi PENNYBACKER gave the reasons at some
length which had operated upon his mind, as wel1
as that of the majOi Uy of the committee, m crnung
to the conclusion h  did. The facts of this case
had been set special!) bv the committee, m their
íeport, and tbe\ were bneriy and simply these
Messrs Cla>borne and GhoKon weie members of
the 24th Congiess. Then term of office e\p red
with that Congiess, wh eh was on the 3d of March
last. Bv the eiecüon laws of the State oí Missis-
sippi, it « as prtu ided that the general election for
membe's of Congiess, as well as other pub' c fenc-
ticnants, should take place at the times and p,aces,
and 111 the mode theiein specified. The time fixed*
bv lhat law ior the election of representatives to the
Congiess of the United States, was the first Mon-
dav 111 Novemner biennially. Then the first Mon-
da) m the coming November would be the day u
would have taken place, if it had not been for a
state of things which wasf entirely unftjtjjeewd
