CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
to our paper circu lat'fon without adding a dollar to   I
the specie basis.  Then, sir, when redemption takes
place, the amount now issued will come in, and all
that is issued upon jt will fall to the ground, and
another revulsion in our money  affairs  will  take
place,and every revub-ion brings us near to a nation-
al bank. Moreover, if ihis issue takes place, and the
consequent discounting upon by the banks, we will
have the channels of trade bloated and inflated with
a paper currency, as much and as dangerously as
they were when ihe suspension took place.    Sir, I
am for collecting the money due the Government
before I will resort to such a measure to raise mo-
ney.     Gentlemen here  denounce  the Sub-Trea-
sury system, and laud the deposite bank system for
the collecting' and disbursing of the public money.
Sir, if the banks are safe depositories for the public
money, then they are able to pay the  Govern-
ment what they owe  it,  and we need not resort
to that issue of Treasury bills.    Sir, I think it is
due to  Ihe deople of this country,  at least, to
make   an  effort  to  collect  some of the money
in these banks, and owing by the merchants, before
we authorize the issue of any paper money, with-
out it be upon a specie basis. No doubt the Govern-
ment is amply able to redeem  all  the Treasury
notes that may be issued, but it is still objectionable,
and   1   think exceedingly so, in  consequence of
adding to, and consequently disturbing the present
state of our papewirrencv. Sir, the amount of paper
money  in circulation   has diminished to   a very
considerable   extent,   which  to   that    extent   is
an    improvement  in   its   value:   and   now > for j
the Government to commence issuing paper draff, j
or money, is only to throw the paper circulation
into the same unhealthy state from which it is now-
recovering.    With this view I am opposed to any
addition whatever to the paper circulation of this
county, without a corresponding acquisition to our
hard money.    .Sir, I am also opposed to an exten-
sion of ciedit for duty bonds due the Government.
Sir,  I believe this  Government ought to require
cash duties upon  all importations into this coun-
try, to be paid as soon as a cargo is discharged.
Sir, if we extend the time of paying those bonds
that are due to the Government, and ought to be
paid, what will follow?    Why, sir, immense im-
portations.   Our merchants have been gradually
reducing their debts abroad; import >tions have in
a measure ceased; goods have accum llated in the
hands of foreigners; they are anxious  to sell—our
merchants  are   anxious to import;  snd  if  they
can   get  Congress to   trmt   them,   our markets
will soon be so overstocked  with   foreign   goods
that    our    own  manufactures   will   suffer; and
what  is  to  follow   that?   An   increase   of the
tariff.   Sir, I  am opposed to legislating money
into the rockets of any class of citizens.    It is the
duty of the Governmant to require the taxes to be
paid as they fall due.   The farmers of the country
cannot get credit from year to   year for  then-
taxes, and you ought not to extend to others, or
to any, what you cannot extend to all.    Before I
leave the subject, I will answer an argument made
use of here, which was intended to show that the
immense  increase   of  bank  capital   within the
last  few years   was   owing   to   the   destruction
of   the    United    States    Bank.      Sir,    I   agree
that    there  may    have    been     some     increase
of the banking capital of this country when the re-
chartcr  of the United States Bank was refused;
but, sir, I put it to the candor of gentlemen to say
whether the greatest extension of our paper cur-
rency did not take place after the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, of 1835, with the present Executive
of that State, by some kind of political galvanism,
again resuscitated the dying Bank of the United
States.    Sir, it was then" that the States took the
alarm at the position of Pennsylvania, in grant-
ing a charter of thirty-five miUiors to a bank ; and
it was then that State jealousy caused an immode-
rate increase of banking capital.
I hope the House will pass this bill, and we have
this amount of money towards defraying the ordi-
nary expanses of the. country. Let us collect the
money due upon the bonds given for duties. G-en-
lemen say if we colleot it now w« will lose it. If
t can't be collected, I am willing to lose it. I want
he people of the country to know what they have
I to expect. I want the Government to collect what
is due it, and then if it be not sufficient, the people
are at all times ready every one to contribute his
part to the support of his Government.
Mr. POTTER expressed his views in support of
the bill at considerable length. He contended that
the present measure was one calculated to promote
the interests of the people, and to afford them time
to restore their prostrate credit. His remarks will
appear hereafter.
Mr. WISE opposed the bill, because it would bs
a fraud upon legislation, expressing one thing and
meaning another; for, by the word "postpone" was
intended to mean "repeal." Mr. W. addressed
the House at length on the subject,
Mr. HAMER concluded his remarks, and
Mr. DAWSON followed, but without conclu-
ding, gave way to
Mr. CRAIG, on whose motion
The House adjourned at half past seven o'clock,
p. m.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, September S3,1^37.
Mr. SWIET presented a memorial from 117
women of the town of Vcrgennes, in Vermont,
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States; which was laid on the table.
Mr. PIERCE presented a petition from O. H.
Bliss, widow of Capt. John Bliss, lute of the United
States army, praying for pecuniary aid from the
Government. Also, a petition from Polly Robert-
I son for a pension on account of the services of her
husband, Peter Robertson, during the revolution;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN offered a resolution proposing
to amend the 47th rule of the Senate in order to
admit Judges of the Supreme Courts of any of the
States on the floor of the Senate, and asked its
consideration.
Being taken up, it was so modified as to read
"judges in law and equity."
The resolution was then adopted.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
imposing certain duties on public officers as depo-
sitories in certain cases—the question pending being
on Mr. Calhoun'j. amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER spoke against the bill, occupy-
ing the floor for several hours.
Mr. HUBBARD followed, and addressed the
Senate in favor of the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN intimated his intention to ad-
dress the Senate, but as the hour was late, he moved
the Senate to adjourn.
At the suggestion of Mr. GRUNDY, Mr. B.
withdrew his motion, to enable the Senator to make
a motion.
Mr. GRUNDY then moved that the resolution
fixing the hour of meeting at 10 o'clock, be rescind-
ed, in order that the Senate •■honld hereafter meet
at 11, as that hour would better suit the conve-
nience of Senators; which was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,            I
Thursday, September 23, 1837.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Mr. CRARY, of Michigan.
[Mr. Chary presented (he petition of Daniel H.
Deminsr, and 83 other citizens of Lenawee county,
Michigan, against the  annexation of Texas to the
United States.]
Messrs. WEBSTER and HAMER, of Ohio.
Messrs.  SERGEANT, NAYLOR, FRY, PLU-
MER,  BfDDLE,  LELAND and PAYNTER, of
Pennsylvania.
Mr.'STRATTON, of New Jersey.
Messrs. MARVIN and  HOFFMAN, of New-
York.
Messrs. REED, GRENNELL, BORDEN, and
ADAMS, of Massachusetts.
I^Mr. ADAMS asked the leave of lS;e Hoi.se to
submit a resolution calling on the Sc-relar} < *.* the
Treasury to report to this House,, it the c"; r./.enre-
mentofthe regular session of Conc,rc^. the num-
ber of slaves exported from, and imponed into, the
several ports of the United States, by the coasting
trade, for the last two years, and discriminating be-
tween the two years; but it was objected to by many
members.
Mr. TOLAND asked the leave of the House to
submit the following resolution:
Reoolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House copies of
all correspondence between the department and all
individuals, banks, or other corporations, relative
to a bill now before Congress to authorize the Pre-
sent of the United States to cause the issue of
Treasury notes, and relative to the disposition of
such notes; together with copies of all documents
or papers on file in the department relative thereto.
Objection being made—
Mr. TOLAND moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering said resolution; which
motion was disagreed^o.
Mr. SNYDER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, by the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform this House what amount of
specie the Bank of the State of Missouri had in its
vaults on the 5th of July, and on the 16ih of Au-
gust, 1837.
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS of Kentucky, on
leave, submitted the following resolutions, which
were read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed :
1.  Resolved, That it is expedient immediately to
establish a Bank of the United States, for the pur-
pose of affording to the people of the United States
a fixed, uniform, and certain currency; that it is
important and highly expedient to have such an in-
stitution as a fiscal agent for the Government, in
the collection and disbursement of the revenue of
the nation.
2.   Resolved, That in the creation of a Bank of
the United States, the charter should be so consti-
tuted as to exclude foreigneis from holding stock-
in the same; and to hold the stockholders responsi-
ble and liable, out of their private and individual
properly, according to the amount held by each,
for the redemption of the notes issued, and debts
and liabilities of said bank.
3.  Resolved, further, in the opinion of this House,
That a Bank of the United States is the only safe,
certain and sure means by which a uniform, fixed
and permanent paper currency can be obtained.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the business of the morning hour, being there-
port of the Committee ol Elections, which was ac-
companied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Samuel J. Gholson and John P.
H. Claiborne, are duly elected members of the 25th
Congress, and as such are entitled to take then-
seats.
The question pending- was the motion of Mr.
Maury to strike tut all after the word "resolved,"
and insert "that Samuel J. Gholson and John F.
H. Claiborne, not being duly elected members of
the House of Representatives of the Twenty-fifth
Congress of the United States, are not entitled to
seats on this floor as such."
Mr. HARLAN addressed the House at some
length m opposition to the report of the Committee
of Elections, contending that there was no such
vacancy existing between the d th of March last
and the coming November, in the Missis5¡pp¡ re-
presentation in Congress, as was contemplated by
the framers of the Constitution of the United States,
in the clause declaring that " when vacancies hap-
pen in the representation from any State, the Ex-
ecutive authority thereof shall issue writs of elec-
tion to fill such vacancies." He argued that the
case was that of an original appointment and nota
vacancy, and being such, could only be filled at the
time and in the manner provided for by the laws of
the State of Mississippi, and that it was a usurpa-
tion on the part of the Executive to attempt, in op-
position to the laws of the State, to fill these va-
cancies by issuing his writ directing these elections
to be held.
M r. BRONSON replied to the arguments of the
gentleman from Tennessee, (Mr. Maury,) and the
gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Harlan,) at som«
length.   He first inquired whether a vacancy had
j happened on the 4th of March last in the represen 
