CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
general assent en the part of the House.    [Mr. S.
was here interrupted by loud cries of "order."]
The demand tor the previous question was then/
seconded by the House, tellers having been apJ
pointed—ayes 107, noes 78.                                   "
Mr. REED called for the yeas and nays on the
question, Shall the main question be now put?
which were ordered, and were—yeas 124, nays 102,
as follows:
YEA.3—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Ayckrigg,
Bealty, Ben hc, Blckned, Birdcall, Boon, Botden, Bouldm,
BroJliead, Bruyn, Buchanan, Byrmm, John Calhoon, Cam-
hreleng, Timothy J. Carter, Cagey, Chaney. Ciiley, Cleveland,
Coles, Oonnor, Cutig, Crockett, Curtis, Cushm'an, Deherry,
DeOrafT I)¿unis, Dromíroole, Edwards, Farrintrton, Fairfield,
I*aic Fletcher, Fry. Gallup, Haley, Halstead Hammond,
Hairier, Ilariisoii, Hawkins. Haynes, Henry, Ilolsey, Holt,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, William II Hunter, Inaharfi, Thos!
B. Jackson. Jaliez Jickson, Joseph Johnson, Wiuium Cost
Joh'T-'on, Nathinlel Jones, John W. Jones, Kemhle Kllgore.
Kl'ntrcnsmith. Leadoe'ler, Logan, Aiplia.ved Loomis, Alallory,
Miv.'McKay, Robert McClellan, Abfanam McClellan, McClure,
Mrlvini, Mdligao Miiler, aioutgomeiy. Moot e. Murían, Samuel
W Minns. "Muhlenberg, Mumy, "Xojh-, Ovtens. Pelmer,
Parker, Parmenter. Pnyiuer, P.-nnybacker, Petriken, Phelps.
Pl.im-r, Poner, P.-ait, premiss Randolph, Reiley, Rsciiaid-
on, So-'iler, Culej Hl)er.ai i, ¡Shield*. 31'ipler, Sinnh, Sny-
rV^vart, ritiattoti. Taylor, Thomas, Toneey,
ney, * luüei'.vood, Vail, Vaudoi veer, Wattentr,
'  -Thomas T ' Wfui'Jesey,  Sthorro'd Wdiiams,
*h.'f7er.
der .Süenee:
Town-i, Tu
vrt:.,:ti,   \i
Jarea '.V   WP'iams, Christopher II.   Williams   Worth ntttoi
Yen. and Ynrke—Ui.
NvyS—Me«-is Adamt, \lexander, Hernán Allen, Jonu W
■1!,   (¡id 1!.
J"
(.\i, a p li-
li
!!
J„me-
:•?■>, ¡l.oio-i„l. \V,|.
"Jo'ni Caippli.ni. Willi,.
Cierl.'.m C: "borne, c ark Co.vue'-, t ir
,i.., i.'t, In.- l).i;'ii!;:!on, !),i .>, n.urc,
,, ':.", i\',-i i K^erett, Kwti'tr, Richard
Rico G iP-.i.d, Gholson, Glascock, Goode.
,a!'-i'ij, Woiium Graham, Gian'.-n!, («rant, Gray,
wrennen, Giillm. Jíal!, Iluden, Harper, Ha ti"gs, Kawey,
Mer'id. ÍL"Tetan. Rob: AI T. Hunter, Jenifer, I.Vniy Johnson,
Legare, ? ewií,, T.Nicoin. Andievv Loor.ns, Lyou, Marvin, James
M Mas'O, lil.irtin, Mauiy, nUwvtil, Meirér, Matthias Moilis
Cai- ny Morris, Nayl'n, Ogle, Pstierson, Pa'ton, Pearro, Peck,
Phillips. Pickens, h.„\ R.tnden, Reed, Ret,"her, Rhei!, Raltr-
way, Rives. Ribertson. Rtlmsey, Russell, Sawyer. Serjeant,
Auiin<ti"e H rShepperd, ¿ibley, isla.k, iSenth^a'.r, iStanltv,
Tallaterl'J. Tho op-sin Tliili.c, ,as!, Ti.ni, Tolan-1 Albert !.
White, John \Vli.'~ Fl'isha Wiiittltfeey, Lewis Williams, and
Joseph Willi, ra.—302
So the House determined that the main question
be new put.
The mam question, being on ordering the bill to
a third reading, then recurring—
Mr. BRÍGGS asked for the yeas and nays there-
on, which were ordered, and were—yeas 119, nays
117, a- follows:
l'£AS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Ileatty, Beirne,
B.cknell, Bn-dsall, Boon, Biutdin. Brodhead, Brnnson, Bruyn,
Buchanan, Bynom, Cambieleng, T. J Carter, Chancy, Chap-
man. Cilley, C!aibO'*ne, Clark, Cleveland, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Ctishman, Davee, De Oral!', Dromgoole, Duncan, Edwards,
Farnngtoti, Fairfield, I Flctchei, Foster, Fry, Gallup, Gholson,
G'a cock, Grandand, Cra.it, Haley, Hammond, Hamer, Harri-
son, Hawki.i-', iiavi'es, tloipey, Holt. Howard, Hubley,
Wdham II. Hunter, II M T Hunter, Ingham. T. B Jacksu i,
J Jick^oii, J. .iohii.~oo, N .lone^, John W. Jones, Kem'ole,
Kl ¿ore, Khngensmiih, legale, f.-adbetter, Lewis, Logan,
Ar.'liaxed l.nomis, I.von, Jaines M Mason, Maitin, McKay,
Rs'it. McClellau, A" McCletlan, McClure, McKlm, Miller,
M Hire. Mortran, Samuel W. Miirria, Muhlenberg, Murray,
N ihle, Ovvens, Palmer, Parker, Parmenter, Patton, Paynter,
Pennybacker, Peinken. Phelps, Pickens, Plumer, Potter, Pratt,
Prentiss, Reilv. Rich luisón, Rives, rtavvjer, ^heflet, Shipler,
S íencer, Slc.vart. Tiyior, Thomas, Titus, Toucey, Towns,
Turn-y, Vail, Vanderveer, Wa^ener, Webster, Weeks, Themas
T. Whittlesey, Jaied W. William i, Woithlni,ton anti Yell—119.
NAYs-Messr-5. A liras, Alexinder, Ileman Allen, John W.
Allen, Ayckring, Ball. Biddle, Bind, ¡lirden, Urisrss, William B.
Calhoun, John Calhonn, W. B Campbell, John Campbell,
W. B Caiter, Cí 'ey, Chambers, Cheatham, Chdds, Clowney,
Coiwin, Crary. Ci'mslon, Crock«tt, Certls, Ctishing, Darling-
ton, i i iwson, Da vies, Deearry, Dennis, Dunn, Elmore, Evaas,
Everett, F.vving, Richard F.etcher, Filmare, Rice Garland,
C'oole, James Graham, W. Granam, Graves, Gray, Grennel],
Critiii, Hall, H'i'stcad, Harlan, Harper, Ilastinsts. Hawes,
Hen,,-,' Herod. H^ifnian, Hopkins, Jenifer, II. Jwhnson, W. C.
Jo'mso.i. lauroln. Audiew W. Lo inns, Mallory, M^i vin, Sam-
sm' M¡=cn. Maurv, M,iy, Maxwell, KeKeanan, Menefee,
^■■rr^c alilhain. alonttrotnerv, Matthias Morris, Calvary Mor-
i-'s N'i'yl'ir Ñ ives, (lile. Pa-terson, Pearre, Peck, Phillips,
.; ;->,i.'s, lianden, llamlolph, Rii'd, Rencher, Ilhett, Rldg-
,i;,i:ier!s. n, ll".m«y. Unwell, ¡Setgeant, AngiisliucII Shep
l" Cnrl.-Sliepird, Shields, Sibley, S ade, ssmuh, Snyder,
'!iCT,jte, r- anley, .-.tia' on, T.diaferio, T .ompson, Tilling-
Toland, Underwood. Albeit S White, Jehn White,
ElHi'ia Whittle :ey, í.ewls Wiln-nns, Sherrod Williams, Joseph
Williams, Christopher 11 Wd iams, Wise, and Y'orke—117.
So tin- bilí was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. PIC KEN'S, having voted in the majority,
moved to reconsider the above vote, which motion
lies over for to-morrow. Mr. P. then gave notice
thil he should then submit his amendment.
On motion of the same gentleman,
Po
wa v.
hist,
The House adjourned at '
m.
IN SENATE,
Friday, September 29, 1837.
Mr. M"KEAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Towanda, Pa—one from citizens of Wy-
sox, Pa—one from citizens of Montgomery coun-
ty—and one from citizens of Philadelphia county,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the United States; which were laid on the taVle.
Mr. McKEAN also presented two petitions from
citizens of Montrose, Pa. praying for the immedi-
ate abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CALHOUN having objected to the receiving
of these petitions, they were, on his motion, laid
on the table.
Mr. LINN presented a petition from Henry Per-
rine, late United States Consul at Campeachy, in
relation to the introduction of tropical plants; which
was ordered to he on the table and be priflted.
Mr. WEBSTER offered the tollo .ring reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
report to the Senate what fees are due by law on
the renewal of merchants' bonds, and whether any
further legal provisions on that subject be reauired.
Mr. WEBSTER said that he had been given to
understand, and had received several litters from
respectable merchants in New York, complaining
ef the large fees demanded of them in the renewal
of bonds. He knew nol whether it was a slalriie
regulation, or a regulation of the Secretary of the
Treasury. He bad learnt, from a source which
was entitled to much credit, that in a renev.-a! of a
bond of jt6,flOO the fees amounied in twelve per
cent, on thai sum. Of course he need not comment
on such an exorbitant charge, until the facts were
ascertained beyond a doubt by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. W. asked that the resolution might be now
considered.
Mr. KING of Alabama hoped that the resolution
would now be considered. He had himself re-
ceived information on the subject from New York.
He thought ihdt some action, on the part of Con-
gress, should be had immedudely rn it.
Mr. GRUNDY apprehended that the Commit-
tee on Finance was the more appropriate commit-
tee to refer the matter to, as doubtless they had had
it before, them.
Mr. WEBSTER considered that as this was a
matter of fee, it came more within the scope of the
powers of the Judiciary Committee than those of
the Committee on Finance. He expressed his
fear  that unless the immediate intervention of Con-
gress should be called to this matter, and proper
means adopted, the measure of relief which had
been passed by Congress, would give an opportuni-
ty for exorbitant fleecing.
The resolution was then considered, and adopted.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate íesumed the consideration of the bill
imposing certain duties on public officers as depo-
sitories in certain cases—the question pending be-
ing on Mr. Calhocn's amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN deliveied his views at latge
in reference to the bill and the amendments under
consideration. He professed himself in favor of
the Sub-Treasury system, in preference to any other
plan which had been brought forward, or heretofore
tried, and he concluded his speech by declaring,
that the frank and manly manner in which the
President of the United States had expressed bis
sentiments in regard to the causes of the present
distress of the country, had challenged the admi-
ration even of his political opponents.
Mr. PRESTON then rose, and after addressing
the Senate some time in opposition to the bill, gave
way on a motion of Mr. Buchanan for an ad-
journment.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, September 29, 1837.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. BORDEN and ADAMS of Massachu-
setts.
Mr. TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Messrs. POTTS, FRY, SERGEANT, and TO-
LÁND, of Pennsylvania.
Messrs. SHIPLER and LEADBETTER of
Ohio.
Messrs. RARIDEN and HEROD of Indiana.
Mr. CRARY of Michigan.
[Mr' Chary presented the petition of unary citi-
zens of Livingston county, Michigan, against th<
annexation of Texas to the Union.J
Mr. THOMAS, from the Coawimee on the
Judiciary, reported the following bill, which was
read twice and referred to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Usion:
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
latines of the United States of America m Cnngress
assembled, That all acts and parts of acts, or provi.
sions contained within any, which, by the terms
thereof, are made to expire at the termination of
the first session of the Twenty-fifth Congress, be,
and the same are hereby, deciared to continue in
force to the end of that session of Congress which
shall commence, or shall be in session, on the first
Monday of December, 1S37.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill making additional appropriations lor the
year 1837; which was read twice, and committed
to a. Committee of the Whole on the state of ¡he
Union.
Mr. TOLAND, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which, under the rule, lies over one
day:
IlcsaUtd, That the Secretary ot the Treasury h?
directed to cotniur¡iiii:atc to tht-, Houss ujp.es of
all correspondence between the depart.act a. d all
individuáis, banks, or oi:vr co^oiMlii"-*, rcla'ivfs
t) a bill -lov before Congress to au.hot'ize the Pre-
sid.-nt of the United States to cause the is„ue of
Treasury notes, and relative to the disposition of
such notes; together vvii.'i copies of all documents
or papéis on filo in the department rela'ive thereto.
On motion of Mr. STANLEY, the fo'oiving re-
solution, sub< lifted by him on a former day, was
taken up, considered, and idcyted:
Resdv'd, That the Sectctarv oí 'he Treasury be
requested to furnish tins Itou'-e with a statement • r'
the number of Suli-Tieasunes which will be re-
quired, il the Id! imp'sing additional dut'es as de-
positories, in certain cases, on public officers, should
become a law; and further, how many new offices
must be created, if any; how many new buildings
to be erected; and what will be, as nearly as he can
estimate, the annual expense of the system; what
the salarte  to be paid the officers, and what will be
the commissions to which they will be entitled.
Mr. EVVTNG moved a suspension of the rtiks
for the purpose of submitting a resolution calling
on the Secretary of the Treasury for information
in relation to the quantity of public land sold, and
amount of funds of various denominations icceived
therefor, within the last two years: disagreed to.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the business of the morning hour, being the re-
port of the Committee of Elections, which was ac-
companied by the following resolution :
Resolved, That Samuel J. Gholson and John F.
H. Claiborne are duly elected members of the
Twenty-fifth Congress, and as such are entitled to
take their seats.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Maury to strike out all after the word "resolved,"
and insert, "that Samuel J. Gholson and John F.
II. Claiborne, not being duly elected membtrs of
the Home of Representatives of the Twenty-fifth
Congress of the United States, are not entitled to
seats on this floor as such."
Mr. TURNEY addressed the Hon?; at some
length in support of the report of the Committee of
Elections. He west into an examination of the
two clauses of the Constitution, in relation to fil-
ling vacancies in the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. In the clause in relation to the filling
of vacancy of Senator.-, there v,-as a limitation of
restriction on the word happen. The clause read-
ing "if vacancies happen by resignation or othe:-
wise, during the recess of the Legislature of any
Stats, then the Executive thereof may make tem-
porary appointments." In tha ca«e of Mr. Sevier
of Arkansas, which had been alluded to the other
day, the decision of the Senate was, that the words
"by resignation or otherwise," embr ced not only
the cases of death, resignation, or removal, but that
it embraced every variety of case which was mi-'
foreseen, and thus the term otherwise might Iks
made to comfreTiend a case which had wp'red9
