8S
for u.t present; an I he regretted that the bill had
not pr .vided for a definite instead of an indefinite
postponement, that the bill, without the amendment,
presented but a choice between two great evils—the
one an indefinite postponement and virtual repeal
of the fourth insta'ment of the deposite law; the
other us defeat, wv¡ ch requires of the Government
the performance, on their part, of a gratuitous pio-
posuion, with which they cannot, with the present
ion ted and unavailable means m their Treasury,
comply. The opponents of this bill, with the pro-
posed amendment, ask you to lei your Government
take care of itself. From those who contend
that this is not a Government of the people, and
have condescended to the remark that the Govern-
ment debited to separate itself fiom the people, such
a position was to be expected. Suppose this to be
the Government of one man, and he acting in re-
ference to his interests, would he take the means
mdispensibly necessary to its operations' This,
thank heaven1 is not the Government of oneman;
it is the Government of the whole people, having
a common and united interest in sustaining their
Government, act as one man. Let the appeal, then
■which has been made to the interests of the States
go on; let it extend to the people of the States, and
they will respond, in a voice not to be mistaken,
and caution thoee who are so disposed not to take
this first step in the retrograde to anarchy.
Mr. G. further remarked, that for the purpose
of passing the bill with th« proposed amendment,
he had, since the House had resal ved itself into
Committee oí the "Whole, and after the bill had
been several days discussed, and the mind of each
member, as he presumed, fully made up, voted
uniformly against rising without report, and, that
the sense of the House might be taken upon the
amendment, he had voted against the pievious
question, which cut off all amendments not pre-
viously adopted, and, notwithstanding the pievious
question has prevailad, an opportunity is now af-
forded to reconsider, and he hoped the motion
would prevail, and the sense of the House be (tied
upon the amendment. If this motion slwuld not
prevail, and the bill pass its final vote, the oppo-
nents of the bill must take the responsibility ef its
objectionable- feature They profess to be less op-
posed to it with than without the amendment. A
hirge portion of the friends of the bill desire that the
amendment be added, but the course taken by its
opponents in the unlimited range of discussion,
and its continuance persisted in, has compiled
the necessity of mo\mg the pievious question, at
the expense of the exclusion of the amendment
by so lar«e a majority , it, desned, hovvevci, 'he
motion should not prevail, lie should prtfei the
lesser evil, and vole for the bill. It lias Hemul
somewhat singular, that a question like the present,
in which there exnts three principal conceded
i.icls, viz the passage of the deposite taw of June,
lS3ti, its acceptance by, and action on the part ol
the states, and the inability oí Government, 01H of
present available means to make the anticipated
d j ile, should ha\e produced a discussion -o un-
limited ni its lange, upon subjects having not the
rcmiUst r latum to the bill under consido ution.
Tlv venerable gentleman fiom Massachusetts (Mr
Adams) very property íemarked tnat main things
Uid been said in the course of the discussion, in
i"garl to Government abuses, that wt-ie not bo-
le.ed. This, hotteter, seems to have been the
leist pnssib'e consideiation. Ko one in or out oí
tus II ojse, supposes the speeches were made to have
r Tect upon this flooi, but to send among the people,
linda the mistaken impression that the people
tvere less wise than themselves, and would btlievc
thf oit refuted matter sent forth to them In tins
however, little success could be anticipated, times
past had showed that the assumed difference be-
tween the intelligence of die people and their re-
r esentatives did not exist This is a peculiar
s is m for the opponent1, of the administration He
w,is sute they would net feel ungrateful that the
Pies dent had convoked them. It is a peculiar
crisis, (although much to be regí etted,) there is a pi es-
cure it is then political aliment, they do not prosper
«urmg the people's prospenty; it is only when
embarrasses and dismay pervades all classes
that they thrive.   No speeches are made calculat-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ed to encourage exeit on in business, all are calcu-
lated to cicite distrust, ant1 produce despondency.
The times, notwithstanding, are growing easier, and
business becoming moie sound, and it might seem,
therefore, uncourteous, when public calamity is so
nearly ended, to move the previous question, leav-
ing so many speeches m embiyo.
Mi. EVERETT addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the bill.
Mr. LOOMIS then said as this subject had been
debated both m Committee of the Whole and in the
House, at very gieat length, he took it that gentle-
men must be prepared to vote upon the question,
but he withdievv the motion at the request of
Mr. TOUCEY, who desired to piesent hit. views
to the House.    Mr. T. then gav ¡  way to
Mr. LYON, who made an explanation in ¡ela-
tion to the bank of Mobile, when
The hour of half past two having airived, the
House, in pursuance of the order of yesterday,
took a leccss until 4 o'clock
[EvFNING   SESSION ]
The House' resumed the consideiation of the
motion submitted by Mr. PICKENS, on yesterday
to reconsider the vote on the bill to postpone the
fourth instalment of deposite with the States.
Mr. TOUCEY saidhp had risen for the pmpose
of stating very briefly the leasons which induced
him to support the present bill. He was one of
the numbei by whose agency, m the last Congress,
the aotiegulating the deposites of the public money
had become a law It was well known to eveiy
one, to the wh'le countiy, that the great ehject of
that hn , so lar, at 1-ast, as 'egarded the deposite
with the Slates, was to dispose of a laige and in-
convenient suiphts, which liad accunui'ated m the
Treasury It wai admitted on all sides, that this
accumulation was a gtoat and alarm ng evil. It
was dep ísited in banns loiotign ^ven Stale in the
Union, v\ is us"d .is banking capiU'l loi tiie benefit
of stockholdeis, and stimulated the spirit oí ovei-
banking, oveitrading, and excessive speculation,
which then raged thioughout the country. Its ten-
tlency was stiongly fell and distinctly visible here,
to encouiage extravagant appiopriations and
wasteful expenditure oi the public money. This
surplus was the evil to be remedied. It pressed
with disastions weight upon the great mteiests of
the country The object, acknowledged and avow-
ed on all sides, was to lemove it. That object had
been htlly and entire'v ae ran dished There was
no longei anysn p'usin theTieastuv Theieason
of the law had eeised to oust
Mr T said that t.ie condition of the Tieasuiy,
abou' which 'o much had born herd, could not be
concealed from an■ one The most ordinary un-
derstanding coul readi'v commehend it It was
cleaily disclosed in the T^ea t,,v report, and in the
Message ot die Pi-side it The amount in the
Treasui y beyond the sum to be deposited with the
St?tes, was, on the fh-t of January last, about su
millions and a half "1 e income I'uung the pre-
sent veai vvoidd be t  en > millions, and the ex-
pond'tuie th rH-t'vo mn ions and a half. No one
could fail to see, thc.elcie, that the receipts foi the
year would lid ^hoitof the expciditmes ror the
veai twe<e milno s rnd a half, pnd, af-
lei app'viií ti vi hole s,m n the Treasury
o-i die íi si ei Jaría íy hst, theie nouM be a clear
deficient ot si x: millio is i) c'o'lais. One million
of dollars is app.cpnaie 1 by la  for the uses of
the mint, aid is indispensably n^cea aiy ior its
operations, pie-em ne-it! o at this erisis, m the
efiorts of the Go"v ei iu e n io restore a ci uency ot
g< Id and silver To say nothing ol the chaise
upon'he Tref-nij, aris, g fiom tne extraoidmary
conven'ion of Ccngiess, the lui her sum of a mil-
lion and a half is cal ed for, and will doubtless be
appropnaied vvjthoui oj , o ition, for the immediate
exigencies of the tienda, vvai, increasing the de-
ficiency from.ix to eiaht millions and a half. If
the fouith insta'ment, therefore, dtiected to be de-
posited vi ith the States, should be lettmed in the
Treasury, amounting to nine millions and a
third, and applied to the service of the cur-
rent yeai, the Treasury would be exhausted,
exhausted—for so  it was with leas than a mil-
lion of dollars on hand, and a charge upon at
of more than fifteen millions of unexpended
or unsatisfied appropriations. This was the
condition of the Treasury, if all its funds,
wherever deposited, in binks or elsewhere, were
immediately available in gold and silver. At the
end of the year, if the present bill became a law,
and the fourth instalment should be withheld irom
the States, all the money in the Treasury, including
that instalment, and the deposites m the suspended
banks, whether available or not available, and
making the legal allowance for the mint, woti'd be
absolutely exhausted within less than a million of
dollars, and leave fifteen millions of out-standing
appropriations, unsatisfied and unprovided for, to
be tnrown upon the resources of the following
year.
It had been said that the five millions m the
hands of disbursing officers, should be applied to
dimmish this deficiency But that was a manifest
error That sum had already once been taken into
the account, and constituted a partof the twenty-
four millions already expended; was considered
as expended when paid out of the Treasury, and
was in the progress of disbursement. It was too
manifest to require lllustiation, that after that sum
had been paid out of the Treasury, and regarded
as having extinguished charges upon u to that ex-
tent, it could be agam applied to extinguish the
charges which still remained.
But this was not the worst aspect of our financial
condition. By the Treasurer's report of the 30th of
August last, we had twelve millions deposited in
suspended banks, of which nine millions were in.
the western and southwestern banks, whose bills
were at a discount, varying from ten to fifteen per
cent. It was notorious that these banks could not
immediately respond to the demands of the Govern-
ment, and a bill had already been sent heie from
the Senate giving them time. These funds were,
therefoie, deemed unavailable, not lost, but at
present not available, and to supply the deficiency,
the temporary deficiency, arising from this source,
Treasury notes were to be resorted to. Those
funds had alieady been drawn upon to the extent
of about five millions, but these drafts had not
been paid, and most of them would be chargeable
upon our future revenues. It seemed very obvious,
therefore, tha* a debt must be ueated, either m
the form of drafis or Tieasury notes, or a direct
loan, to the extent of eighteen or twenty inill'ons
of dollars, if the piesent b 11 should^ not receive
the sanction of Congress—m other words, if the
fourth instalment, which was directed to be deposit-
ed with the States upon the mistaken estimate that
the revenue of lh« cuirent year wou'd be at least
equal to the expenditure, instead of falling short of
it, near thirteen millions of dollars, should, notwith-
standing this mistake, still be oide'ed to be made.
The object of the law and the intention of Congress
had been fully accomplished The entire actual
surplus had been deposited The letter of the law
dnected the fuither sum of nine millions to be de-
posited, which subsequent events had shown, were
no part of anv actually existing surplus, and if the
law be now executed literally, you go counter to
the designs oí those who iramed it you oieate a
debí of i me millions, foi the purpos  of depositing
nine millions with tn" States.
This Mr. T. said piesentedthe issue, upon which
he was willing to go before Ihe country, and he
denied that Congre-s could const tut'onally and right-
fully borro iv money, or raise d by taxes in any f o-m,
for the pmpose of depositing it with the S'ate 
They might go thiougli with the forms of law, but
it «as a perversion and abuse of the povveis ol
this Gove-rnment to raise money for any such pur-
pose.
Another alternative had indeed been suggested
by an honorable member from Ternessee"(Mr
Bell,) that certain appropnat ons ¡or the public
works, for armones, for arsenals, loi ships o* war
for armament of fortifications, armm<* the militia'
and other like purposes, might be diminished or
suspended, that the fourth instalment might be de-
posited with the States. This presented another
issue for ihe country: this would be even worse than
had been predicted. It had been apprehended by
many, very many, that a deposite of the Federal
