9%
to ali after ages as a patriot and statesman worthy
of the country that elevarfd him to the station.
Or. motion of Mr. BAYARD, the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed till Mon-
day.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the "bill to post-
poEe the fourth instalment of deposites with the
State?," which was returned from the House with
an amendment, was taken up; when
Mr. "WRIGHT stated that the Committee on
Finance had examined the amendment, and recom-
mended its adoption.
Mr. TIPTON rose and stated that he was op-
posed to the bill as it passed the Senate, and could
not favor its passage as amended by the House.
He considered this Government pledged to make
the depositas with the States in strict conformity to
the deposite act of 23d June, 1836. The States
had a right to expect it, and in most instances
made arrangements for the disposal of the money.
The State from which he came, had appropriated the
three instalmentsreceived, and created expectations
for the appropriation of the fourth instalment, and
would be disappointed and embarrassed if Con-
gress postponed or withheld the fourth instalment as
proposed by the bill returned to us from the House
of Representatives.
The deposite act of 1836 made jt the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain and
state the amount of surplus that would becoming
to each Sidle on the first of January, 1837. He had
dono so, and had paid three instalments; and now
Congress were to step in, and say to the States, we
expected to be able to deposite the sum stated by
the Secretary of the Treasury, but ws were mis-
taken; times have changed, you must do without it;
the Government will be embarrassed if we make
the deposites.
He considered it a relief measure to make the
deposites in good faith. This Government can
i.ot make a more deadly stab at the interests of the
Western State?, and the western people, than induce
them to expect money, and then withhold it from
them. The western banks had a large amount of
puh!;o money deposited in th nr vaults,and if we per-
mit the deposite to be faithfully executed, the banks
would now transfer the public money to the States.
It will remain and enter into circulation amongst
the western people; the Legislatures can indulge
the banks, and the banks will be enabled to favor,
thereby making it a prominent relief measure.
Should we withhold the fourth instalment, and
force the silver from the western banks into the
Treasury of the United States, the consequences
must lie most i unions to the interests of the new
Siates, check their internal improvements now go-
me succe-sfully on, and d.stress the people.
Till-, bill pixed the Senate, s< me da\s aro,
soon aiter he readied the city, when tht state of
hK h'.'.ii'h prcvuiW him iiuin expressing his ob-
jections to the bill, he now took occasion to say
that the eiiects of Ibis measure would be most fatal
to the ptop'.e of the State which he had in part the
honor lo represc.it «ere.
Tne question being on concurring with the House
in the <iincii;lr.icr,t.
l\jr. TU'TON asked for the yeas and nays
tl—icon, nr.d being taken, the amendment was con-
cm fed in—yeas SO, nays 2, as follows:
YEAS— Me-srs. Allen, Bayaid, Eenton, Black,
Brown, Euchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Fulton,
Grundy, Km? of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Lmn, Lyon, Morri , Nicholas, Niles, Nor veil,
Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut
Strange, S-.vift, Walker, Wall, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—30.
NAYS—Mesi-rs. Pierce and Tipton—2.
¿■Jr. GUUNDY, from the Committee on the Jn>
diCtarv, reported a bill to regulate the fees of dis-
trict at',..nieys. [It provides that no district attor-
ney ;bal! receive a fee of moie than five dollars for
renewal of a bond.]
The bill was read a first tune and ordeied to a
second reading.
Mr. BLACK offered a resolution, which was
adopted, directing the Secretary of the Senate to
send ten copies of a compilation of public docu-
ments to the Land office.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD,
The Senate adjourned.
&ÓKGftEáálONAL GLO&ft
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Satchtuy, September 30,  1837.
Petitions and memorials were presented by Mr.
ALLEN of Ohio.
[Mr. Allen of Ohio presented a remonstrance
from citizens of Medina county, against the admis-
sion of Texas; and two petitions, one for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
one to abolish the slave trade between the States.]
Mr. JONES of Virginia
Messrs. NAYLOR, SERGEANT, MORRIS,
PAYNTER, and FRY. of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. TÓL AND, the following reso-
lution, offered by him yesterday, was taken up on
its adoption.'
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasurybc
directed to communicate to this House copies of all
correspondence between the department and all
individual-, banks, or other corporations, relative
to a bill now befóte Congress to authorize the Pre-
sident of the United States to cause the issue of
Treasury notes, and relative to the disposition of
such notes; together with copies of all documents
or papers on file in the department relative thereto.
Mr. HAMER moved to strike out the word "in-
dividuals," for he did not think the House wanted
to go into the private or confidential correspondence
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TOLAND did not  want to nee   the  private
correspondence of any one, but the letters from in-
• dividuals to  the  Secretary of the Treasury, on a
subject like this, did not partake of that character.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, suggested a modi-
fication, by the insertion of the word '• official," be-
fore correspondence.
Mr. HAMER had himself riten to suggest the
same modification.
Mr. TOLAND accep*pd it; and so modified, the
resolution was agreed to.
Petitions were further pa-semed by
Mr. BALSTEAD of NV v Jersey.'
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont.
[Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, presented the petition
of Luther Cole and 45 others, citizens of Montgo-
mery, in the ciitintvof Franklin, and State of Ver-
mont, against the annexation of Texas to the
Union.]
Mr. PARMENTER of Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, on leave, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported, without
amendment, the bill from the Senate to remit the
duties on certain goods destroyed by the late con-
flagration m the city of New Yoik, arel the same
was committed to a Committee of the Whole on tué-
state of the Union.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, 'rom the <arcte commit-
tee, reported an amendment to the Senate's lull to
postpone the payment on duty bonds; which v>a?
committed to ¡he >a-ue Committee of the Whole,
having charge of the bid on the saire subject.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, the report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reference to the fur-
ther postponement of duty bonds, and the fees of
district attorneys thereon, was taken up and referred
to the Committee on the Judicial v
NATIONAL BANK.
The House then proceeded to die con-idír^tton
of the fol1",' irg resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee ol Ways and Means on the 25th l'istant, it
being t'ie business next in order:
Rrsnlml, That il is inexpedient to charter a
natiotnl brink.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Wise to amend the re-olu'ton. by adding thereto,
"t>t this time. And be il lurther resolved., that
it will be expedient to eslabhc.li a national bank
wheneser there is a clear manifestation of public
sentiment m favor of such a measure."
Air. SERGE A.NT continued his remarks, but,
without concluding, gave way to
Air. CAMBRELENG, on whose motion the
House parsed to the orders of the day.
Mr. ROBERTSON gave notice of his intention
to move an amendment to the amendment as fol-
lows :
" Nor ought such an institution to be chartered
at any tune hereafter, unless by an amendment to
the Constitution, which  the United   States shall
specially expresss, by delegating to Congress the
I power ts do so,"
TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr. CONNOR in the
Chair.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to take up the bill
from the Senate "To authorize the issuing of Trea-
sury notes."
Mr. BELL and Mr. '• DAMS objected to taking
up the Senate's , bill, on the ground that it was a
money bill, and should be first considered in the
House.
Mr. WISE moved that the committee ri;e and
report to to the House that objections had been
made to the bill in Committee of the Whole, on
the ground of its being a money bill, and conse-
quently ought to have originated in the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said it must be within the
recollection of many gentlemen here, that the com-
promise act of 1833, was sent fiom the Senate to
this House, with a very large increase of tax, which
would have made the very same objections now
raised, lie against that bill. This bill did not pro-
pose a tax; it proposed no public debt; as our means
were ample, but not at this- time avadable. It was
merely a measure to enable the Government to
anticipate resources already in its possession.
Gentlemen had said a great deal about this "bdl
originating in the Senate The ean^e of this
was that the Senre's Commit-e on rinance
was organized four da\- before the Comniikeeof
Ways and Means in the House, ami consequently
their bills were sootier brought forward, and acled
upon by the Seriate. Beside the Senate's committee
had not the obstacles thrown in their way which
had been thrown in the way of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House. We have had
obstacles thrown in our way day by day, and if
we were now to have a grave constitutional ques-
tion to be settled, wo may as well hate die question
postponed until the first day of the regular session
of Congress. On to-morrow the merchants' bonds
all expire, and he hoped gentlemen would permit
the business to progress at ihis time.
After a few words by Messrs. MERCER and
ROBERTSON,
Mr. CAMBRELENG withdrew the motion to
take up the Senate's bill, and moved to take up the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House.
After some conversation between Messrs. WISE,
MERCER, WILLIAMS, HAYNES, and GLAS-
COCK, as to whether it was m oiib r to withdraw
this motion, and submit another at this time—
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative
The Hou-e bill was then taken up, and read
through bv the Clerk.
Mi. CAMBRELENG said that, when he pre-
sented the first bill to the consideraron of the Com-
mittee, he had piesented a statement of the condi-
tion of the Treasury on the 1st of October.    As we
now proposed to issue Treasury note;, based on ihe
existing resources of the Treasury, he would submit
to the committee an estimate, founded on the best
information that could now be  obtained, as to out
rc'onrccs and liabilities on the 1st January next.
Mr. C. then submitted the following
Estimate, of the state ot the Treasury, and of its
outstanding resources end liabilities, on the  1st
of January, 1338 ; excluding the amount depo-
sited with the States, and assuming that ten mil-
lions of Treasury notes will have been issued,
and that all the custom-house bonds and chum;
upon the banks be postponed till the next year.
Estimated to be in the Treasury on the
1st of October—
In tnoncv          -            - >jl,000,0OO
In the Mint       -           -       500,000
---------------#1,500,OOC
Estimated receipts in the last quarter
from lands and customs   -           -   2,000,000
Prom Treasury notes           -           - 10,O00,O0C
13,500,OOC
Expenditures in ihe last quarter, in-
cluding new appropriations made
at the present session for the Flori-
da war, the expenses of the session,
