94
..... ¡ -—-----------------------------'—  '      ■                                                            ^~—
At a similar number of places, additional iron
chests, safes, or vaults, may be necessary. But, as
they now exist at several ports and ¡and office , and
the first cost of diem will not have to be renewed
annually, it is computed that the yearly expense for
these will not exceed the sum of $10,(00.
The only other additional expenses conlemplaied
will be some small items for blank books, transfers,
etc. But die last will probably not amount to any
tiling beyond, if it equal, what is now paid for con-
veying money to the banks from the land offices.
Should the Treasurer, as recommended in my
recent report on the finances, be permitted to re-
ceive money in advance for lands, at such points as
ma', be selected by him for public convenience,
little or no expense whatever will occur m transfers.
The whole additional expense under the bill
liiei: i"ned is, therefore, computed not to exceed
yearly the aggregate of #25,000.
Respectfully, vours,
LEVI "WOODBURY,
Secretary of the  Treasury.
Hon. J.imjes K. Polk,
Speaker of lite House of Representatives.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, at the request of several
members, moved the printing of the statement
which he had submitted|io the House; which motion
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PICKENS,
The House then adjourned.
IN  SENATE,
Monday, October 2, 1837.
Mr. ROANE presented a petition from the heirs
of Everard Meade, for interest on commutation;
Which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRIS presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Jefferson county, Ohio, against
the annexation of Texas to the United States;
Also a memorial from citizens cf Hanibal coun-
ty, New York, against the annexation of Texas;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio, against
the incorporation of a national bank, and praying
an increase of the circulation of gold and silver;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRUNDY expressed a desire to call up the
bill repoited by him on Saturday last, (and ordered
to a second reading,) in relation to legulating the
fees o'~ die district attorneys in cases of renewal of
meiTho'iis' bonds. He was the more dcsiious that
it shoidd be taken up to-day, because, if the House
of Representatives adopted the joint resolution for
adjournment on the 9th instant, there would not be
an opportunity of passing it this session, and it was
a incasive greatly needed J
The lull not having been printed, the second
reading was delayed, and the Senate passed to the
order of the day, viz : the bill imposing additional
duties on public, officers as depositories in certain
cases.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that, when in order,
he would prepare an amendment to the bill making
the State banks the special depositories of the ac-
cruing revenue.
Mr. BAYARD rose, and spoke near three hours
in opposition to the bill, and a-, not calculated, in
any way, to remedy the distress under which the
nation labored. He contended it was the impera-
tive duty of Congress, under the Constitution, to
furnish a sound metallic currency, and if it did not,
the representatives were recreant to their duly; and
we?.t into a long argument to show the power dele-
gated under the Constitution. He maintained that
the powers of the Government were trust powers
for the benefit of the people at large, and not for
the purpose of establishing salaries for the Presi-
dent and siecrelnries, the mere tools by which the
people worked the machinery of Government. The
great object of the Union ivas for the purpose of re-
gulating commerce, and having a sound and uni-
form currency established. A divorce from the
banks he helJ, under the present state of things, as
utterly impracticable, and that it was the bounden
duty of Congress to control and regulate those in-
stitutions. He maintained that Congress had the
power to impose a duty on notes of less than five
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dollars, if it saw fit to restrict the issues to notes of
a less denomination than ten dollars. He thought
the Sub-Treasury system dangerous to the safe-
keeping of the public funds, and read a statement
of defalcations to show, that under all the restric-
tions imposed, Government was liable to imposi-
tion; and under the system brought forward by the
committee in their bill, there were not checks suffi-
cient to guard the public treasure from the hands
of such a corrupt agent,
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, stating the passage of the joint reso-
lution fixing the day of adjournment on the 9th Oc-
tober, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was asked.
Mr. GRUNDY asked the Senate to take up, in-
formally, the "bill regulating the fees of the district
attorneys in the renewal of merchants' bonds." No
objection being made, the bill was taken up and
read a second time.
The bill is as follows:
A BILL to regulate the fees of District Attorneys,
in certain cases.
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That upon every extension of a custom-
house bond, grcnted under the instructions of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, the district attorney shall
be entitled to the sum of five dollars, to be paid by
the person applying for and obtaining such exten-
sion; and no other charge or compensation what-
ever shall be made or allowed to any district attor-
ney for his services in any case of the extension of
a custom-house bond.
Mr. G. briefly explained the views of the com-
mittee in relation to the bill before them. The ob-
ject was to fix some uniform price for the s?rvices
of districtattorneys in such cases. The fees varied
materially in some of the different States, and in
some he believed no compensation was allowed.
The present sum Mr. G. thought was, according
to his judgment, about a fair equivalent. Filling
up a bond was not the only duty performed by
the district attorneys; they had to look into the con-
ditions of principal and sureties, &c.
Mr. WEBSTER was of oyinion that the bill as
reported would not reach the mischief—it did not
probe deep enough for that. The fees of the Go-
vernment officers at New York were ten t ¡mes
greater than those of B osfon, Baltimore, or Charles-
ton, and he was desirous that they should be
restricted within some reasonable limits, for at
present they were beyond all reason The office
of the District Attorney of New York produces
more than the salary of the President of the
United States, and the clerk received more than
would pay the annual salary of the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States. There was not only
gross enormity, but gross inequality in this busi-
ness, which the bill, in his estimation, was not
calculated to cure,
Mr. GRUNDY was of opinion that the bill as
reported, covered all that the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts had referred to. The
Senator should have attended to the subject when
before the committee. It could not be expected
that a full examination of the modes of taking fees
as regulated in the different States, would begone into
at a juncture like the present. The committee had
prepared an adequate remedy, in its opinion, for
the evil complained of. Mr. G. expressed his wil-
lingness, however, at a proper time, to go into the
sihject, and have a thorough reformation of the
■wh¿2e business of fees.
Mr. WEBSTER then proposed the following
amendment, which he thought would cover all the
ground:
Sec. 2. And that no suit shall be brought, or
costs incurred, on any bond, fer the renewal of
which provision is made by law, unless the party
or parties shall neglect to apply for such renewal
for more than twenty days after the maturity of
such bond.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought the matter required
more consideration, and moved to postpone it until
to-morrow; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT then rose and delivered his views
in relation to toe Sub-Treasury bill. Mr. W. met
at length the several objections urged against the
system, and vindicated the President, the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the Committee on Finance,
from the reflections cast upon them, in desiring
every thing for the Government, and nothing for
the people. He asked if the extension ot time on
the merchants' bonds was for the good of the Go-
vernment alone? if extending the time of settlement
with the deposite banks did not carry with it relief
to the people? He maintained that the bill did not
increase the patronage of the General Government,
and instanced th? case of the collector at New
York. Did it increase the patronage because that
officer keeps the money himself, instead of paying
it over to the banks? The President would have no
more control over that officer under the contempla-
ted law, than he has now. So i'ar from increasing
Execxitive patronage, its tendency was to increase
Executive responsibility. Mr. W. occupied the floor
until near four o'clock.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the Senate adjourn;
he subsequently withdrew his motion at the sug-
gestion of Mr. Walker, who moved to take up the
resolution relative to the adjournment, as> amended
by the House of Representatives, viz: to strike out
the 9th and inseit the 16th October.
Mr. HUBBARD expressed his dissent from the
amendment. He thought the 9th was the proper
time, and it was well known, that when the day
was definitely fixed there was always a better dis-
position to get through the business. He therefore
hoped the Senate would adhere to the resolution as
originally passed.
Mr. GRUNDY was for concurring with the
House in their amendment, and giving them to the
16th. It was well known they were behind the
Senate in legislation, and it was but reasonable to
concur.
Mr. KING of Alabama thought it would be bet-
ter to wait a day or two before acting on the amend-
ment. If the bill under discussion before the Se-
nate were passed, the 16th would not be time
enough for the other House to act on it; on the
contrary, if it were not passed, the 9th would be
the proper time for adjournment. He would pre-
fer that the matter be laid on the table, though he
would not make a motion to that effect.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked gentlemen to consider
what might be the effect of sending back the reso-
lution. We might then be kept until the 29ih Oc-
tober, or probably notadjourn at all. He thought,
therefore, the Senate had better concur at once with
the amendment.
The question being taken on concurring with the
amendment of the House, it was carried; and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monda y, October 2, 1837.
The Hon. JOAB LAWLER, a member elect
from the State of Alabama, appeared, qualified, and
took his seat.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. INGRAM of Connecticut.
Mr. LINCOLN of Massachusetts.
Mr. FLETCHER, SLADE, and EVERETT
of Vermont.
Mr. TOLAND of Pennsylvania.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of submitting a resolution
in relation to returning to the Senate (he bill for
the issue of Treasury notes, on the ground of its
being a revenue bilí; but the motion was nega-
tived.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana.
[Mr. White of Indiana, presented the petition
of James Gregory and others, citizens of Indiana,
praying that Madison Collins be placed on the
pension roll.]
Mr. LAWLER of Alabama.
Mr. CRARY of Michigan.
NATIONAL BANK.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business of the morning hour,
being the resolution reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means, as follows:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to chatter a na-
tional bank.
The question pending was the amendment of Mr.
WISE, to add to the end thereof "at this  time.
