tod             _____________
,     , m SENATE.
• yXfmgmsDAYi Oetober 4, 1836.
Mr. M$Ig¡SAN presented a memoria! from sun-
dry citazensofi Philadelphia city And county, against
the annexation of Texas; also one fiom the citizens
of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the annexation of Texas, which w ere
ordered, to lie on the table.
Mr. ROANE presented two petitions from Wm.
J. Brent, of Virginia; the one praying for a certain
national' institution, the other an inquiry into the
best mode of healing the distresses of the times.
Both these petitions were ordered to lie en the ta-
ble aad>be printed.
Mr. MORVELL presented a memorial from
certain citizens of Michigan, praying for the pas-
sage o£a pre-erapttot* law for their íehef.
Also, for the establishment of a port of entry at
the ttiouth of the river St. Joseph in that State.
Also, praying for an adequate appropriation
from Congress to jimsh Grand jirer load.
Also, to improve the harbot at the mouth of
north Black river, on Lake Michigan, all oí w hich
were ordered to be laid on the fable.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the following joint resolution:
Mesolved by the Señale and House, of Representa-
tives of the United States ef .America in. Congress assem-
bled, That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, directed to cause the postage on all ietleis
sent by the Express Mail of the United States, to
be paid in advance at the time of depositing them
for transportation by said mail.
This resolution having been read twice, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The bill regulating the fees of district attorneys
in the renewal of merchants' bonds, was called up
for consideration.
Amendments to this bill were offered by Mr.
CLAYTON and Mr. CLAY of Alabama, and
some remarks made, which were not distinctly
heard.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he would have
been better satisfied if the Committee on the Judi-
ciary had reported a difleient bill, for if it passed
in its present shape, the attorney's fees for the city
of Me* York would amount to between twenty and
thirty thousand dollars, so numerous were the
bonds to be renewed under existing emeigencies.
Why (said Mr. C.) take the business out of the
hands of the collector of the customs? Why not
let him renew the bonds, and give him the same
fee for the renewal that was charged on the origi-
nal document? On what pretence are I hey handed
ovei to the attorney unless for suit? in which case,
he was entitled to his ¡ees.
The lax of live dollars, as contemplated by the
bill, would fall heavily on the class of small im- ¡
poiters, many of whose bonds did not exceed fifty
dollars. Five dollars on that sum—ten per cent. ,
on the whole amount—would be umeasonab,e; '
white bonds lor a very consuieiable amount were |
subjected only to the like charge. Theie was no ,
equity, no piopneiy m such a measure. He would i
piopose to remodify the bill entirely.                        i
Mr. GRHNDY said the object of the bill was to j
secuie to the attorney five dollars, and allow no
further  charge.     The usage in New Yo.U was, '
when papéis were placedm the hands ot an attor-
ney, lo charge certain fee-, whether the suit was
brought 01 not,n was the custom,  he understood, i
in that State, though ceitainly not m any othei, as
far as his knowledge w ent, and he picsumed it w as
under this law, that the attorney  had íeceived the
fees so much complaint d of
Mr   BUCHANAN said the repeated cuentón '
nf Congress had been called to  the subject of fees '
of Government officers, but as jet no adequate te- |
medy had been piovided.     Pees varied in the dif- ,
iereat States as much as two, three, a.id even four '
hundred pel cent.   lie believed they acted under a
law of Congress of 1799, which left the contiol to
the ever Taring laws of the States   He had consult-
ed the Solicitor of the Treasury on the subject, and
had been told by that distinguished officer, that m
three-fouiths of. the State  no change w hatever was
made, while actingmihe capacity of district attor-
ney .that officer had nevei recen ed a faulting forsuch
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty. JMr B. agreed with the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky, thai five dollars, ten per sent on a bond of
fifty dollars—as much as was exacted for, a large
one—was unjust. To obviate that difficulty, and
do justice as far as practicable, he would propose
to amend the bill, «o as to make the lee fue dol-
lars on all bonds exceeding fue hundred dollars,
and two dollars for all of and undex that sum, in-
stead of five on all classes, a* reported by the bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE was of opinion that it
would be belter to postpone the subject, and lav
(he bill on the table until something definite could
be fixed on. The fees received by the district at-
torney were m enl-re accordance with the usage of
the courts. Mr. T. went into an explanation of
the manner in which the practice was ¡egulated in
the State of New York, and the fets law officers
were entitled lo under the piesent regulations.
The bill as offered lo be amended by the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania, (Mr Buchanan,) giadu-
ated the fees for the renewal of bonds of a small
amount, but he doubted whether more than five dol-
íais was charged for the mere relien al. Mr T said
he had conversed the other day with a merchant
frcm New York, who told him that he had been
surety on thirty-one bonds ; for renewing these the
distnct attorney had charged only two dollars on
each bond, making sixty-two dolíais foi the w hele,
which was far less eien than pioposedby ¡he Sena-
toi from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WEBSTER said when h  unreduced his
resolution he mentioned that, from the enormous
amount exacted, he presumed there was some m s-
take, but the facts w ere for the o< nam tee to in \ es-
timate. He had since recen ed a letter on the
subject, which should go to the Committer < n the
Judiciary for their inspect on. The charge made
by the district attorney was, according to his
own showing, $G G4, which charge he presumed
was accoidmg to the old English tule of taxing by
the folio, (so many words,) and if that wc-e the
fact, the attorney might be entitled to that amount,
but he thought it high, as blank bonds -were now
printed, and hence (he expense materially lessened
There were now more than fom thousand bonds to
renew, and he thought two dollars on each w otild
be sufficient. It was the matter of fees, however,
that was most complained of, which the bill
before them d'd not touch. Evils or aboses w ere
contagions, and be feared unless the bill covered
the whole giound, we should find the fees in other
places based on the system at New York.
Mr. WRIGHT went into some explanation of
the practice of the State in relation to fee«,and said,
injustice to the disttict attorney of New York,
that the fees received by him weie If gal, and such
as citizens paid in like cases. The highest charge
made (or a meie lenewal m nn\ case, had neier
been mole than six dollars and su'y-four cents,
?nd in cases where the amount of the bond did
not exceed two hundred doll-rs, lie bad ínvnt.al iy
¡emitted one-i'urd ever of ih t charge Wbeie so
manv bonds were lo be lenewed, as woul I be the
case at ] resent, he thought the fee high; but in
places wbeie theie weie onlv a few bonds, he was
not prcp?rcd to sa\ it was too high
The question on Mr. T4llm,oob.sS motion to
lay the bill on the table being taken it w as decided
in the afírmame
The bill imposing addition*! duties on public of-
ficers, a<; depositoiies m certem eai.es, ha\ing had
its dnid reading, the question being on iu final pas-
sage—
Mr CLW, of Alabami, rose ami oeenpie! the
Senate for the pace ot neir two hours in suppoit
ol *the bill Whale "er s<-— * * ">m),t )me
presented themsehesto his mmdm the first instance
as a measure somewhat haish towards the banks,
all objections h «1 been remen ed ny the amendment
of thefionatoi fiom South Caiolnia. (Mi Calhoun )
Mi C went mo a full detail ol the conduct pur-
sued bv the Umled States Bank , ihe attempts of
tnat institution to mierfeie in the politic-, ol the
country, and ihe panic it had creakd en the remo-
val of the deposite^
In the course of h s rem; Yk=, he alluded to the
argument of Mr. Cl iy of Kentucky, that the char-
ter of a national bank and the permanency of the
Union were identified, and also temarked on the
j.___       .....------:—-~---------—'-1—1------------—--------¿
dptlaiation made by the distinguís! ed Senaloi from
Kentucky, (Mr. Clav) shortly after the íemoval
of the dtpjsitcs, (made in Philadelphia,) lhat " we
were in the midst of a revolution " He also spoke
of declarations made in the newspapers and else-
where, tiial the deposites must be testoied, o) a revolu-
tion was at hand; and that matters went so far, ac-
cording to tne accounts of the newspapers, that
two members of Congress addressed the mob at
Baltimore on Sunday; and, as he understood it,
one of those members had said, by way of apology,
that llieie were no sabbaths in icvo'titionary tunes.
[When Mr. Cur of Alabama concluded hr,
speech,
Mr WEBSTER rose, and thanked him for hay-
ing alluded to the subject, that he knew such a
teport had been in circulation through the. newspa-
papers, as that he, or another gentleman, (Mr Bm-
nev,) then a member of ihe other House, had made
it, but that it was fuse and culumnwus, thai lie
lie aid no such i email made on that occasion
Mr CLAY rejoined, that he believed, whatever
might be the cnaracter of tberepoit, it had ema-
nated from newspapers, which suppoited the cor-
rectness of the gentleman's position, that he spoke
fiom the newspaper account, which he had never
before heard controverted.
[As soon as the Re porter can w rite ont hi  speech
from his notes, it vvilfbe given in full ]
Mr. SOUTHARD followed Mr. Clay m opposi-
tion to the bill
.- Mr CLAY of Kentucky asked for Ihe yeas and
nay s on the passage of the bill, and they were oi-
dercd, and were—yeas 2G, nays 20, as follows-
YE\S—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Buchan-
an, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Pulton, Giundy,
Hubbard, King ot Alabama, Lmn, Lyon, Moins,
Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinsem, Sevie ,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Walker, Wall,
Williams, Wright, and Young—26
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Black, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clavton, Cnttenelen, Davis, Kent, King of
Georgia, Knight, McKean, Nicholas, Prentiss,
Robbms, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Swift, Tall-
madge, Tipton, Webster, and White—20
Mr. CLAY of Alabama again alluded to ihe
Sunday afiair, and produced the tenth volume,
part second, of Gales and Seaton's Register of De-
bates of 1833—4, and, with the leave of 1 he Se-
nate, read the follow mg report of Mr. Webster's
own account of the affan alluded to, just after his
return from Baltimore, having premised that, fiom
the statement of the Senator from Massachusetts,
no man would have mpjtosed that any suchiemaik had
been made en Ihe occasion by any one:
"Mi Webster said he was very sorry to be
compelled to rise again on this subject. But cir-
cumstances had come within Im own knowledge
which he deemed it necessary to mention. When
he arnved m Philadelphia, on his teturn to Wash-
ington, he received information of the very
exiiaordmarycommunication sentby the President
to the Senate; and certainly a1! that he conversed
with, viewed it with the utmost alarm and disappro-
bation. When he aimed at Baltimore, he found
multitudes of people in the "tice'*, certainly not
assembled in a riotous manner, bnte/incinsra deep
state of feeling from some great cause When the
boat arnved at the whaif, a gentleman came foi-
ward, and introduced ene venerable man, who
addres ed him by say ng, " I am a member of the
Presbyterian church, and you may be snrpiiscd to
see me in the ciowd on ,ueh a i.ay, but I remember
that we had no Sabbaibs in revolutionaiy times to
mierfeie with our duty to our country. We know
that out liberties are in dan  er, and we come down
lo you for the pnrpeise e>f making you acquainted
wuh our true situation, and to ask what we are te>
depend on "
Having read ¡his extract from Mi Wfbsti rt's
account in the Senile, just alter his letum from
Baltimore—
Mt CLAY of Alabama s^td he was willing
to submit it to the Senate how far the el-nlara-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts—that he
had nrard no sue1) remitíh as ill  one mentioned at
the Baltimore Sabbath meeling—was coirect
Mi. WEBSTER replied that he certainly did
not make   any person*.!  imputation against  the
