COHGRESSIONAt GLOBE.                                         101
of Gen. Jackson. But what would be the conse-
• quence of such an importation? The Bank of Eng-
land had become alarmed before, when it found its
bullion reduced from eight millions sterling to be-
tween three and four, and had taken rigorous mea-
sures to prevent further loss, by discountenancing
American bills and lowering the price of cotton, the
consequence of which was a necessity of shipping
specie from the United States. It had now re-
gained its usual amount, and the price of exchange
was gradually falling. But the sudden abstraction
of a million sterling from London, could not do
otherwise than reproduce the alarm which had now
subsided, or was subsiding, and thus we should
have fresh trouble. But the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had also said, that the Secretary might
draw bills of exchange upon the proceeds of these
bonds, and thus bring down exchange. True, this
could be done; and he would concur cheerfully
with the gentleman in any measure which could
restore the par of exchange, and at the same time
relieve our people from their domestic difficulties.
But when the bills were sold, the same question
arose as about the bonds. In what was payment
ro be received? It must of Course be in specie, and
nothing would be added to the currency as a means
of making remittances from one State to another.
/This was the great advantage which the present
' bill possessed over the amendment, and he should
therefore adhere to the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY contended that the bill under
consideration was well adapted to the wants of the
country, and well caleulated to afford relief to the
Government and the people; and that, if we attempt-
' ed to draw the money from the deposite banks
while they owe the Government, it will force them
to press their creditors, and add to the distress of
the community. The country stood in the relation
of creditor to the banks and the merchant*, and it
' was its duty to deal with them in such manner as
to afford the greatest relief to them. In relation to
sending bonds abroad, he must say that he felt a
great repugnance to sending them into a foreign
market, to raise money upon them to carry on the
operations of the Government; beside.% if they
were sent abroad, it would have the effect of in-
increasing our foreign debt, which now presses so
heavily upon us. He supported the bill at some
length, and answered the arguments of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts in relation to the consti-
tutionality of the measure.
Mr. BELL said he had some remarks to make
upon (he bill, but he would decline doing so, if gen-
tlemen were disposed now to take the questiesp on
the amendments; he would not stand in the way of
the question being taken. After that, however, he
desired to have the opportunity of addressing the
House on the merits of the bill, and would then
move to strike out the enacting clause for that
purpose.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentle-
man to allow the question to be taken on the
amendment, and on the engrossment of the bill;
and then he would have the opportunity of discuss-
ing the whole merits of the bill on its third reading.
After a few remarks by Mr. WISE, the question
was taken on the admendment of Mr. RHETT,
and it was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be autho-
rized to sell and transfer to lhe purchaser or pur-
chasers the bonds or evidences of debt executed by
the president, directors, and company of the Bank
of the united Slates of Pennsylvania, for and in
c onsideration of the slock held by thi United States
in the late Bank of the United States, and to apply
the money arising from such sale and transfer, in
payment of any demands upon the Treasury. Pro-
vided, however, That no sale and transfer of said
bonds or evidences of debt shall be made for a
ess sum than the. nominal amount of said bonds
or evidences of debt, exclusive of interest."
Mi. WHITTLESEY of Ohio called for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of this amendment; which
were ordered.
Mr. PATTON then suggested an amendment to
the gentleman from Kentucky, which he hoped the
gentleman would aeeept as a modification, which
wsis a provision directing the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to draw drafts on the deposite banks for the
balances due the Government in favor of public
creditors ; directing the Secretary also to receive
such drafts in payment of all dues to the Govern-
ment. He explained his object to be to prevent the
issu'é of Treasury notes, except in cases of very
great emergency. He thought this to be the pro-
per course of proceeding, and took it to be extraor-
dinary that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means should not have brought forward
a proposition of this kind, when, on a late occasion,
at the time a war with France was expected, that
gentleman had brought forward a proposition to
sell the stock in the Bank of the United States.
Now, however, the gentleman had left this propo-
sition to be brought forward by a friend- of the
Ban * './the Uni'ed States. He went into an argu-
mei fsome lei_gth in support of the proposition
he h    (brought to the notice of the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD accepted of the gentleman's
amendment as a modification.
Mr. CAMBRELENG. The gentleman from
Virginia (Mr. Patton) had referred to a period
some years since, when the country was upon the
eve, or supposed by some of Us to be on the eve,
of a French war, when an amount of money was
due from the Bank of the United States, and which
money the Committee on Foreign Affairs at that
time (the same being actually due, and not then
converted into bonds) supposed might be applied to
the public emergency.
The gentleman had expressed great surprise that
a friend of that bank should make this proposition
now, and that Mr. C. and others, who were so
much opposed to the bank, should oppose it. Now
he had attributed to that gentleman a little more
sagacity. He did not suppose that any gentleman
opposed to the Bank of the United States would
wish to adopt a proposition which, if adopied,
would compel them to alter the title of the bill un-
der consideration, and make it read, " a bill for the
benefit of the Bank of the United States."
What was the proposition hut to sell the bonds
of the bank, with the endorsement of the United
States upon their back; thereby making them,
in effeet, the bonds of the United States? And that
the gentleman called " a divorce and separation of
this Government from the Bank of the United
States!'' They were to endorse the bonds of that
bank, and then go into the market as merchants
and sell them, with the endorsement of the United
States upon them. We might with equal proprie-
ty dispose of the merchants' bonds in the same man-
ner.
What, then, would be the next operation? Why,
that the Bank of the United States would itself indi-
rectly buy them. Where were six millions of dol-
lars to be raised? Was th«re any capitalist in this
country, or any association of capitalists, or any
institution, except the bank of the United Stales,
that could, at the present crisis, purchase this stock?
There was not. The bank would have no com-
petitor, and would iiself purchase her bonds,
not directly, but by an agent, who would pay fur
them by drafts on some banker in London, aided,
perhaps, by the Bank of England. They would
be transmitted to London, and the bank would
realize an immense profit by the operation. Mr.
C. had no doubt that every friend of the bank upon
that floor would vote for the proposition, since it
would put at least $100,000 (more probably half a
million) into the pockets of the stockholders of that
institution. But how is it proposed to realize this
amount? When is it to be paid—when, and what
description of money? In the meantime, where
were the Government debtors to procure money to
pay their debts to the Government? Or where was
the Government itself to get the means of paying
its current expenses in every quarter of the Union?
Was any body 10 be benefitted by such an opera-
tion?   Nobody, but the Bank of the United States.
Mr. C. said there were two extremes to this pro-
position for supplying the Treasury with means.
Before he would consent to pu t forth the bonds of
the Bank of the United States with the endorse-
" ment of the Government upon them, and then
send them through the agency of the bank itself
'   to Efij^tind for disposal, he would infinitely prefer
at once an issue of Government stock. It would
be degrading to this country to issue its credit in
the form of an endorsement. Their credit was am-
ply sufficient without any connection with that of
the Bank of the United States. The proposition for
stock was the extreme on one side. It would suit very
well the gentleman from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Fletcher.) It would suit very well the great
capitalists of this country who wanted to make
investments. To them it'would give relief, very
great relief, and profit loo; but let him tell the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the merchants
who owe their bonds to the custom-house, and
others who have debts due them from other States,
would not thank the gentleman. Neither would
merchants in the West and Southwest, and in the
interior, thank the gentleman for substituting a
stock in place of supplying them with a medium
of remittance to their creditors in the Atlantic
cities. An issue of stock was one extreme of the
proposition.
The other extreme was the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr. Rhett,) to
issue Treasury notes, without interest. Mr. C.
spok? not then of the character of notes of
that description—but in effect it was best fer
our internal circulation. We had, however,
bills before us, which would undoubtedly pass,
postponing almost all our Treasury receipts till the
next year. There was danger, therefore, that such
notes would become depreciated. As Mr. C. said,
when up before, he did not wish this Government
to issue Treasury notes of any description, in any
form whatsoever, liable to depreciation. There
was already an outcry throughout the country
against depreciated paper. We had ton much of it
now; and the evil would be augmented, if the credit
of the Government should become depreciated.
He was anxious to guard against that event. For
this reason, among o'hers, he had therefore come
to the conclusion that it was belter, taking a'l inte-
rests into consideration, to adopt the issue of Trea-
sury notes, bearing a moderate rate of interest.
The beneficial effect of these notes would be felt
from one end of the Union to the other. Take the
southwestern country alone. They would be paid
out for the expenses of the Florida war, and for
olher expenditures in the interior. This would
enable the merchants, through them, to liquidate
their debts in the Atlantic cities. When, in the form
of remittances, they reach these points, they would
be paid into the custom-houses, or remitted abroad.
The amount issued in the northeast, either for
expenditures or to raise means for the Treasury,
would also be in part purchased for remittances
abroad. But the !\vo gentlemen from Massachu-
tetts, (Messrs. Fletcher and Phillips,) or at least
one of them, tell us that they will not be sent
abroad; and why? Because the certificates were
not m duplicate! Why, sir, are certificates of bank
and State stocks, of which millions are remitted to
Europe, i'sued in duplicate? But these Treasury
notes were payable in twelve months, and could
not therefore be nsgotiatcd. Sir, what have we
seen within a few months past? Have we not
seen the twel/e months' bonds of the United States
Ban'; remitted to London and sold there'' Nay, have
we n.<t even se«n the bonis of the Monis Canai
company—an institution by the way not of the
most unquestionable credit—have we not seen
even the bonds of that company remitted and sold
abroad. Ye*, sir, gentlemen tell p.s that five per
cent. Treasury notes issued by the Government of
the United Stales can not be remitted to discharge
any portion of our foreign debt.
In conclusion, Mr. C said he did hope the House
would adopt such a measure as would go 10 main-
tain thp credit of this Government, by authorizing
the issue of Treasury notes with interest. The sale
of the bonds might be very profitable to the Bank
of the United States. The issue of a stock might
be advantageous to our banks and capitalists. The
Treasury notes without interés', would relieve our
internal trade from muchembarrastment; but Trea-
sury notes with interest, would essentially afford
relief to every part of the Union, and aid in equal-
izing our internal and external exchanges.
Mr. THOMAS said he had not heard the objec-
tions urged by others to the amendment of the gen-
