m                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and declared his opposition to the measure, as giving i
a dangerous power to the President.
Mr. CUSHMAN asked what would be the effect
of the previous question.
The SPEAKER said it would hare the effect of
bciogmg the House to vote on the engiossment of
the bill, with a view to its third reading.
Mr. CUSHMAN said that m mercy to the House
he would move the previous question.
Mr. WISE asked for the ayes and noes.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that it
was out of older.
Mr. OWENS moved a call of the House, which
wab lost.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand tor the previous question, and lost—a}es
88, noes 89, the Speaker voting in the negative. So
the previous question was not ordeied
Mi. CAMBRELENC3 adverted to one fact It
was the geneial understanding, (at feast among
many membeis of the ipposition,) on both sides of
the House to take the question on ihis bill to-day
In conveisatum with several gentlemen on the
other side of the question he had received a distinct
pledge fiora iheci last night, that if the House
would then adjourn, such was their intention. He
earnestly hoped then they « ouM ¡edeem then pledge
and take the question at once
He had but a single word to say to the gentleman
fmm Virginia, (Mr. Hopkins,) and thai was that he
was a most sagacious gentleman,for while he express-
ed himself opposed to ihe bank'of the United States,
h > was in favor of a proposition to place the Trea-
s iry of the country at the mercy of that institu-
tion.
Mr. WISE admitted that he gave a pledge for
himself, and he was not only willing to do so, but
had abided by it, tor he had not addressed the
House on the subject. He also expressed a hope
that his inends would suffer the question to be
taken then, and that no member would be frighten-
ed Irom his course by the brutumfulmen of the
gentleman from New York, in ordei to foice that
House to sustain a Treasury bank in  its most
0 J mus form
Mi. JOHNSON ad\e"s ' <o an amendment of-
fered by him when the bill was in committee, limit-
ing the poiier of issuing the noles to June, 1839,
and wjbich had been rejected. He said the vote on
fiat amendment convinced him that the Govern-
ment intended to make the Tiea-ury notes a per-
manent thing, and not merely to meet the present
emergency. He then gave his views as to what
would be the probable consequences
Mr. UNDERWOOD flunked gent'emen foi the
very able arguments they had adduced m support
o( his amendment He really thought now that it
had been discu< sed enough, and he w ou Id be hapny
iolmethe quest on tiken upon it. Mi U. then
gave the reasons why he could not iuodil> his
amendment, as requested by some of his fnends
Mi PHILLIPS made some explamtions in re-
lat on to the amount at which banks would receive
'Í reasmy notei, and read various extracts from
letters fiom the oifit eis of diSertnt banks, stating
«n what leims these Treasury notes could probably
baretemd at.
The question was tivn taken on the amendment
of Mi Uvdi awoon, as modified bv Mr Pat ton,
and decided m the negaure—)eas 104, nays 112,
as follows:
YrA°t—Me«r* Adrnis AWamlei, Iletmn Mien Win W
Allen A) on'2, Kell, ISiddle, Borní Boul Im, Binen Wil'lm
¡' Cillioun T ilm Oalliomi W li I unpl.t,ll film Gtmilcll,
Win B ('alter, Cli Mullet's (heutnni Í liitds (towiev,
( oi win, (ruwwi, I km kett Cuius, ( nihina, Dulm'inn,
Pawson, Bevies, Lhmns, iltmn, LI noie, E\eitni, Lrtmg,
Rliliard field) r I ilmoii, Rice Gail,ml, Goo ¡e, Jamis
f.nlum, Win Ci ill un, (-.lives G i-i rcli, Gii/hn IHlteul
Hallan, ilai per III tm s, f I uves, lleniy, Ileiou, Hollín in
Hopkins IU>but M l fUmlir .knifti, Htm/ Johnson
Wilt im fot I >hn on liwici, I ncnlri \ W I M irrns Mat
inv, Maiiin ~>uns n MdMin M-tmy Huw>ll MiKenmn,
Vemfe  M ion >fi I "in Calv-iiy Mmii« ¡Sajioi hov «
Ogl' I'rtili-i-i ii Piii< i, P ok Pliiilip  Pupt, Pott, Unid n'
lied Rom hit Kilrwi> Robertson, Riinibty, Russell, ¡saw
yei, \usus un tí Silif-ppcfíi f ¡niIts f?ti paid, Sibley SUde,
SvnUhgaie sinlty, -mi hton 1 ilialtrm Thompson 'lillmy
hvsiJTJiidi «mil \llieit "i VW up Inhn Win e, riislnWhu.
thsey, I^-wifl WiPia'is ^lenod VWMntns, loseph Williams,
< hnslonhti H   VVilli mis, \\ ise and } otke—104
NY\&— Messis \ndersiii Aidrcv,} Mlie ton,BeaII\,rít.imo,
Ti rfenoi Bmi^lt, Poon, !)i idlieul Bion on B'ityn, Buchai an,
i imbiden    Timothy  .1    ParKr Cisey  Ghanev, i lupman,
1   !li v. r'ailioinc, Ciarke f K  el ir I    < <> i     <  mnoi   I m,
Cushman, Davee, Di-Giaff, Dromjoole, Duncan, Edwards,
Tari mgton, Fan field Poster Try, Gallup, Ghohon, Glascock,
Giamland, Grant, Gray, Haley, Hammond, Hanison. Haw
kins Haynes, Holsey, Holt, Howard, Hubley, Ingham. Thomas
B Jackson, Jabez Jackson Nathaniel Iones, John W Iones,
Kem -ite, Kilgore, Klin?ensiiiith, Legare, Leadbeiter, I ewis
Lo^n, Arphaxcd Loomis, I.yon, James M Ma-son Maun,
McKay, Robert McClellan, Abraham MrClelUn. MoClure,
JIcKun, Millei, Monteomery, Morean, Samuel W Morns,
Muhlenberg, Murray, Noble, Owens, Palmer, Pvikei, Par
menter, Paynter, Pennybacker, Petrikm, Phelps, piumjr,
Poner, Pia t, Pn>niis3, Relly Rhett, Richaid^m Rives, Sherier,
Sliipler Snvder, fepencei, Stewart, Ta)loi, Thomas, Titus,
Toucey, Towns Turney Vanderveer, Wagenei, Wohster,
Weeks Thomas T Whittlesey, .lared W Williams, Worthing
ton, and Veil—-112
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr RHETT then moved to amend the second
section, by striking out all that part relating to in-
terest
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS of North Caro-
lina,
The House adjourned at 9Í o'clock, p. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Saturday, October 7, 1837.
Mi. ADAMS, on leave, made an explanation in
rel mon to st me remarks made by himself on yes-
terday, relative to a ctli which had been mad  on
the late President ot the Unttea States wi'h refer-
ence to the Creek war. He had since ascei tamed
that the late President had answered the call, near
the clase of ihe las* session of Cons;re>s, when it
could not be printed in time to be Hid on the tables
of membeis al that session ; and ihe mfoimauon
contained therein was the strongest proot which
could be necessary of the piopiiely of lns'imting
an rnquirv on this subject.
Petitions and memonals weie piesented, on
leave, bv
Mi  HENRY of Pennsylvania
Mr. DAVEE of Mame
Mr CUSHMAN of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Cushman presented ihe remonstrance of
Mary Moses and 445 other women of Somersworth,
N. H. against the admission of Texas into the
Union.]
Mr. HARRISON, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was considered and
adopted-
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate thi  House, at its
next session, -o far as in his judgment is con-
sistent with ihe public mteiest, «bother anv foreign
jiower, or the subjects ot any fore gn power, hive
possession of any portion of the Ttrntory of the
United States on the Colnmb'a nver, or aie in the
occupancy of the same; and, if so, in what nay,
by what authority, ai-d how long such po~-sessaon
or oceuptney has been kept by such persons
Mr HALSTEAD, on leave, snbmitlid ihe fol-
lowing resoluton, which was cmsidered and
adopted
Kewlved, That the Secretaiv of Wat be request-
ed lo ¡nloim (his House, át us next session, uho
was the superintendent for the woiK foi ihe im-
piovement of little Egg Harboi,and whether if
was executed according to the plan reported to the
"Wai Department, as reqvj red bv the law making
the appropriation, and if not, on what authority
was any other plan substituted.
Mr. BOND asked the leave of t>o House to
submit a resolution calima: on the Secretiry of the
Treasuiy lo inform the House whether he had
made any contiact with any engraver to engrave a
phle for (lie pinf ose of issuing Treasuiy nons,m
tase the bill now pending becomes a law, and il so,
tiheihei such plato has been finished, and any
notes stricken oft therefrom.
Objeción being made,
Mr BOND moved a suspension of the rules, foi
pmposeof peimittmg him to submit the íesolu-
t on.
Mr WHITTLrSEY called for the yeas and
n?ys, and tin House dmdmg it, it appealed thee
was no quorum m attendance.
Mr. HOPKINS, thereupon moved a call of the
House, an! the roll being called thnugh, and 126
members answeiing to then names, all iuither pio-
ceedmgs under ihe call were suspended
The yeas and najsweie then ordeied, and were__
} eis 70, m es 85.
So the House refused to suspend the rules
INQUIRY IN RELATION TO THE riOKlDA WAR
The House then proceeded to ihe unfinished bu-
smsss of the mornirg hour, which was the conside-
ration of the following resolution, submit'ed bj
Mr. Wise on the 19th instant.
Resolved, That a select committee be appomtel
by ballot to inquire into the cause of the Ploi ida
war, and into the causes of the delay* and failures,
and ihe expenditures which have attended the pro-
secution of that war, and into the manuei of as
conduct, and the facts of ib histoiy ganerally, that
the said committee have power to send for per c ns
and papers, and that it have power to sit m the
recess, and that it make report to the next session
of Congress.
Mr. GLASCOCK had moved to am nil ihe fore-
going resolution by striking out all aftei the wind
" resolved," and m-eit the following
" That a select committee be appointed to inquire
into the cause ol the Florida war, and the causes ot
the extiaordmary delays and failures, and the ex-
penditures which have attended the prosecu'ron of
the same, and all the facts connected with it  hisu -
ry generally, and that sjid committee have powei
to send tor pei-ons and papers, e\cepl such per-
sons as may be engaged at the tune in the Florida
The question immediately pendiní, was the mo-
tion ot Mr. Howard to suike out the words " lint
a select committee be appointed," an 1 mseit " that
ihe Committee on Military Affairs lie instructed "
Mr McKAYhad not intended tiUing any p-rt
in this debate, and would not now have done so,
had it not been for the remarks of (he gentleman
from Massachusetts, (Mr Adams,) on\estirday,
m lelation to the composition oí tne Comnutite on
Mihtiry Aflairs. The gentleman fiom Maryland,
(Mr Howard,) who had made ihe pioposmon to
r fer this subject to the Committee on Mihtaiy
Affairs, would do him Ihe justice to say that the
amendment was moved without any consultation
with him, and he presumed without any consulta-
tion with any member of the Military Committee.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, (Sir. Adams,)
had objected to sending the inquiry to the Committee
on Military Affairs, because eight of Us membeis
weretnendsof power,ashe chose to designate them
By this, however, he understood the gentleman as
meaningnoth ngoffensue, but meiely that eisht of
its members weie m favor oft! e admin ísiration, and
but one opposed it Now he (Mr McK ) believi-d
it was well undei stood that this committee h shad
no connection w ilh the politics of the cojntry, as
all that ever was requited of it, was to look to lie
mihtaiy affairs of the country, and ail subjei is
connected therewith. He had taken the trouble
to look into this matter, and see how llns commi' -
tee had been made up for some years biek, and
would call the attention of the House to the fot t
Four years ago the Military Ci mm ttee v is m-
ganized pieciselyas it is now \\ hi n the distin-
guished gentleman from Vngmia, who is nou oui
Minister to England, occupied the Chair, Ibis
committee was made up in the same way, i.nd it
was precisely the same whi'e the gentletn in fiom
Tennessee (Mr Bell,) uas presiding officer oi the
House. This committee still stood, with nitiemt
the administration, eight to one Dunns (lie
second session of the twenty-thud Congi ss, Mr.
Vance, who is the present G ivernoi if Ohii,
was the only mamber on ih-jt committee t ppo ed
to the adminisliation, and dum g tne twentv-fontth
Congress, Mr Hunch of Tennessee, if he might tie
cmisideied an opponent oí the administration, «a
the onlj member on that committee in the oppi s-
tion This he thought was a suificient answer t >
the objections of ti e gentleman from Massachu-
setts on this po nt Well, how was it «ith repaid
to o'her committees of ibis House'' He look it,
if gentlemen wculd take the trouble to examine,
that lhey would find many of Ihe comm ttees wnh
majorities opposed! to die admin sitaiion The
C( mmittee of uhich the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts is chanman, (the Committee on Manufactures)
has a majority of its members opposed to the ad-
ministration. It was the same ca«e \\ th the
Committee of Claims It was the same with a'l
ihe pnncipal committees on the expenditures of
the Executive Departments The committees on
the expenditures of Ihe War Department, the Navy
