cers with small sums, in anticipation of demands,
and at the same time keep the mint in active ope-
ration. It is now proposed to abandon tins uni-
form policy, and to prohibit the treasurer from
keeping on hand any surplus whatever, except the
money needed by the mint. The Secretary, and
all other officers, are to be forbidden to issue or cir-
culate a Treasury note to raise supplies, until all
the money in the Treasury has been expended.
Let us see how such a rule, if prescribed for the
government of those officers, would operate.
All the money in the various depositories is in
the hands, in contemplation of law, of the Trea-
surer. Portions of it are in this city to pay officers
of Government and laborers on the public works
at this point. Other portions are in New York to
fit out the expedition for the South Seas. There
"are, at the same time, considerable sums of public
money in depositories near to the northwestern
and southwestern frontier, to pay Indian annuities,
or the several corps of our army stationed on that
border of the Union. At these and other points
'hrovjghout the Union, the Secretary of the Treasury
must take care to keep a constant supply to meet the
demands that are to be made on officers employed to
disburse the public money. If this amendment
could prevail, what would be the condition of this
high officer, charged to provide for the prompt fulfil-
ment of almost innumerable contracts. He might,
on the fifteenth of this month, learn that five hundred
thousand dollars would be required in New York on
the first of November next, to complete the equipment
of,the South Sea expedition. On the same day he
might receive information that one hundred thou-
sand more would be required on the fifteenth of
November at St. Louis, to pay the army in that
vicinity, or the annuity to Indians, from whom we
have purchased vast tracts of rich and fer-
tile lands. Well, sir, he refers to the books
of the Department, and finds that the Treasurer
has on hand, that is to his credit, fifty thousand
dollars in the Bank of the Metropolis, intended
to pay the laborers employed on the public build-
ings. He finds, perhaps, that there are also to the
credit of the Treasurer small sums,at various other
points,intended there to meet the engagements of the
United States, what would, in such a state of things,
if the amendment could be adopted, be the duty
of the Secretary and of the Treasurer. Those of-
ficers would not, of course, request the iisbuiNing
officers at New York or St. Louis, to wait until all
the money standing to the credit of the Treasurer
elsewhere had been expended. But it wonld be
incumbent upon them to do an act not much
more reasonable. They would have to draw
from dispersed depositories moneys standing to the
credit of the Treasurer, to be sent to New York and
St. Louis, and then issue Treasury notes to borrow
monev to be distributed amongst the depositories
which had been exhausted. They would possibly
have to encounter the expense and inconvenience of
transmitting gold and silver from Richmond, Pitts-
burg, Washington, Baltimore, or elsewhere, to
New York, and then having exchanged the Trea-
sury notes in the last named city fsr gold and sil-
ver, it would b° sent back to the points first men- I
tioned, so as to be conveniently disbursed.
These are some of the objections that have oc-
curred to me on  the instant, to the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia.   They are to my mind
conclusive against its adoption.    The amendment '
appears to be founded upon the supposition that all |
the debts from  and to the United States ave to  be
paid at one  point.    Even if that was the case, the I
rule which it is intended to establish would be ex- j
tremely inconvenient to  the officers and to the '
creditors of the United States.    But until the sys- j
lem whieh has been adopted  for  the convenience  ■
of all concerned, in the receipt and expenditure of
the public revenue, shall be abandoned, and this I I
suppose no man proposes, it will be impossible to I
administer well the Treasury Department, without |
a surplus of several millions of dollars.    If large I
banking corporations have not always at command
unemployed capital  of two,  three, and  in some
cases eight and ten millions of dollars, their direct-
ors are justly charged  with a culpable careless-
nessness about the credit of the institutions com-
mitted to their care.   We are in part the mana-
OONGRESSIPNAL GLOBE.
gers of an immense body politic, having en-
gagements to be executed in every quarter of the
globe, and must not refuse to make ample provi-
sion to keep the public faith untarnished. The bill
the House has been conceived in a proper spirit.
It places within the reach of the Executive all that
may be needed, and nothing more. I do not ap-
prehend that the power to be conferred on the Pre-
sident and the Secretary will be abused. Large
sums of money will not be withdrawn from circu-
lation to be locked up in the vaults of the public
depositories. So believing, I shall vote against the
amendment that distrusts, and for the bill which
confides in, the capacity and patriotism of those to
whose custody I have cheerfully assisted to com-
mit the highest and most important powers of Go-
vernment.
Mr. WISE then modified his amendment by in-
serting at the end thereof the words " at the place
where the demand is made."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment rejected—yeas 96, nays 118, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alexander, Homan Allen, John W. Allen,
Avcris?, Bell, Riddle, Bond, Brits , William B. Calhoun,
JohnCallioon, W. B. Campbell, WilliamB. Calter, Chambers,
Cheatham, Childs, Ctowney, Corwin, Cranston, Croikett,
Curtis, Darlington, Dawson," Davies. Dennis, Dunn, Elmore,
Everett, Ewkig, Richard Fletcher, Filmore, James Gatland,
Rice Garland, Goode, James Giahani, W. Graham, Graves,
Grennell. Griffin,Halstead, Harlan, Harper, Hastings, Hawes,
Herod, Hoffman, Hopkins, Jenifer. H Johnson, \V C John-
son, Lewis, Lincoln, Andiew W. Loomis, Lvon, Mallory,
Marvin, Samson Ma^on, Maury, KeKennan, Menefee, Mer-
cer, Milligan, Caivarv Morris, Naylor, Ogle, Patterson,
Pearee, Peck, Phillips, Pope, rolls, Reed, Ridgway. Roben-
son, Bumsey, Russell, Sawyer, Sergeant, Augusti've If. Shep
perd, Sibley, S;ade, Soiithecate, Stanley, Stone, Stratton,
Taliaferro, Thompson, Underwood, Alhert S. White, John
White, Elislm Whittlesey, Lewi¡< Williams, Sherrod Wit-
ams, Joseph Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Wise, and
Yorkc—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Andrews, Atherton,
Beatty, Beirne, Bicknell, Birdsall, Borden, Brodhead, Bronson,
Bruyn, Buchanan, Bvnum, Cambrelenfr, T. J. Carter, Casey,
Chancy, Chapman,Cilley, Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Oohs,
Connor, Crate;, Crary, Cushman. Davce, Deherry, DeGrafT,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Edwards, Farnngton, Fairfield, Foster,
Gallup, Gholson, Glascock, Grantland, Gray, TIaley, Harri-
son, Hawkins, Haynes. Holsey, Holt, Howard. Hubley, Wil-
liam II. Hunter, R. M. T. Hunter. Ingham, T. B. Jackson,
J. Jackson, J. Johnson, N. Jones, John W. Jones, Kemble,
Kilgore, Klingensmith, Leadbetter, Logan, Arphaxed Loomis,
James M. Mason,, Martin, McKay, Robt. McClellan, A.
McCIellan. McCluré, McKim. Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Samuel W. Merrts, Muhlenberg, Murray, Noble, Noves,
Owens, Palmer, Parker, Parmenter, Patton, Paynter, Penny-
backer, Petriken, Phelps, Plumer, Potter, Pratt, Prentiss,
Rariden, Reily, Kencher, Richardson, Rives, Sheffer, Shields,
Sheplor, Smith, Snyder, Spencer, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas,
Titus, Toucey, Towns, Turncy, Vail. Vanderveer, Webster,
Wefks, Thomas. T. Whittlesey, Jared W. Williams, Wouhing-
ton and Yell-118.
Mr. WISE then said he should not now offer
his other amendments.
Mr. McICAY moved to add a new section to the
bill, the object of which was to prevent receivers
of public money from charging the Government
more interest on these notes than was actually due
at the lime they came into their hands; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BRONSON moved an amendment that the
time to which Ih? issue of these notes .-hould be ex-
tended, should not be later than the Ulst of Decem-
ber, 18SP; which was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved an amendment,
providing that the Secretary of the Treasury should
not issue notes exceeding three and a half millions
dollars, until he has offered for sale the bonds of
the Bank of the United States, for three months,
and then he should not be empowered to issue more
than ten millions of dollars.
After a few remarks by Messrs. UNDERWOOD,
RYNUM, M'KIM, MERCER, LEWIS, and
THOMSON,
On motion of Mr. OWENS,
The House adjourned at 10 o'clock p. m.
IN SENATE,
Monda y, October 9, 1837.
Mr. GRUNDY moved t© take up the joint reso-
lution.reported from the Committee on the Post Office
antl Post Roads, in relation to the payment in ad-
vance on all letters sent by express mail Mr. G.
went into an explanation of the necessity there
was for an immediate action on the measure. The
express mail was of recent origin, and was au-
thorized under an act of Congress, passed some
three years since. It was introduced by the Post-
master General, with a view to tifford facilities to
_______• ___       -Wi 1
■  ■ ■    •                                                                                                       .,     ■    1 •    ,1,11 -
merchants and men of business, for which advan-'
tage  the law authorized  the  payment of trebl*
postage.   There were persons who were ignoranf
of the object of the mail, that had sent many letters        *
of no importance, either to themselves or others,
which letters were not taken out of the office, but       I
returned as dead letters to the great diminution of       \
the revenue.   There were others again, who from.       )
mischief or sport, had also sent numerous letters by  '   :
this conveyance; and the. object of the resolution       ;
was to prevent in future all such occurrences, by
requiring the money in advance,   Mr. G. had con-
sulted the Postmaster General, as to* whether he
could not make the arrangement without theinter-
vention of the laws; but as that officer appears to
think the passage of an act necessary to enforce
the measure, the bill before the Senate had been
resorted to.
. Mr. KNIGHT expressed himself as unfriendly
1o the ¡system of express mail as calculated to af-
ford facilities to the rich, which the poor could not
avail themselves of—and besides that the railroads
of the country yielded advantages, in point of speed,
beyond any express that could be arranged.
Mr. GRUNDY did not intend to defend the sys-
tem—it had been created by laws, and must be re-
pealed by laws, before it could b! stopped. The
object now was to prevent the abuse of the system,
by providing against the accumulation of dead let-
ters, which would effectually be done by requiring
the postage in advance in all instances.
The resolution was then ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. GRUNDY moved to take up the bill regu-
lating the fees of district attorneys, which was
agreed to.
Mr. TALLMADGE offered a modification of II
the amendment offered by Mr. Clayton last week, ||
when the bill was under discussion, which was ac- ||
cepted, and the amendment as modified agreed to.      B
The amendment provides a second section to the g
bill, and reads as follows:                                             m
Sec. 2. wind be it further enacted, That no fee B
shall accrue to any district attorney on. any bond H
left with him for collection, or in any suit com- B
menced on any bond for the renewal of which pro- B
vision is made by law, unless the party or parties ¡I
shall neglect to apply for such renewal for more 11
than twenty days after the maturity of such bond.     ■
The amendment offered by Mr! Buchanan at a U
prior discussion of the bill, viz: to strike out the W,
word "five," in the 5th line, and insert "for all B
bonds exceeding $500, ftvtr dollars, and for all B
bonds of and under that sum, two dollars be allow- 11
ed," was agreed to.                                                      S
Mr.  CLAY (of Ky.)  thought the original bill     ÍI
was improved by the amendment of the Senator    |||
from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Buchanan) but still the    m
amount of compensation was in his opinion far    m
beyond the service rendered.    If, as had been sta-    9
ted the olher day, there were upwards of four thou-    9J
sand  bonds to be renewed, ought so enormous a    |«
sum as  would  accrue, be allowed to  the district    9
attorneys, when all the labor would be performed in   ■
less  than  three months'?   What, asked Mr. C. is    ■
the iervice in these cases? the bonds are all printed,   S|
and have merely to be filled up with the signatures,   J9
and he would undertake to say, that he,, or any bu-   Wt
siness man could fill five hundred bonds in a day.   M|
Why have the original bonds taken by the collec-   {■
tor, and order them   to be renewed by the District   «
Attorney'?    Was not the collector better qualified   S
from his intimate knowledge of merchants and   f||
mercantile  affairs, to do  the duty?   He had not   HI
examined  the laws  very closely lately, but he be-   MB
heved  the collector  was  allowed forty or sixty   tin
cents for the dutv.   Why not then continue it with   J
him at the same' price?   Was it right, was it rea-  SB
sonable, to take ihe duty from the collector, to give  Ml
it to ihe attorney, at the vast increase of expense, jjjj
at rimes like  the present, when the mercantile H|
interests of the country were'so prostrate.   Mr. HH
C then moved to  strike out all after section tst, «H
and insert " That in all cases of extension of the SB
time of payment of bonds given for duties on itn- Si
ports it shall be according to such directions as EH
may'be given by the Secretary of the Treasury, flH
and the extension of payment of the old bond, or SB
the taking of í ne«' bon(i> sna!1 be by ilie resp-'c- |I§
