*•   '     '  ■' ■      ......                   '                     ' -1'......     I"" ■="
vented from voting against the abolishing of credit;
but would have no objection lo vote for the ware-
house system. If gentlemen chose to violate the
compact, the effect would be to revive all the angry
discussion in relation to that great interest, which
had so long and so fearfully agitated the country.
If Congress did not respect the act, no individual
would; and he regretted to see the Senate was di-
vided in regard to a measure which, if violated in
one instance, the right might be claimed to violate
it in all others. Mr. C. expressed himself as
friendly to the abolishment of credit, arid the col-
lection of the revenue in cash, because he believed
such a measure favorable to the great mannfac-
turing interests of the country.
Mr. CALHOUN thought the view taken by the
Senator from Kentucky was correct. There was
no subject thai could be touched on which would
excite greater contention, and he submitted to the
Senators on all sides whether there was any neces-
sity for agitating this question now. If it met the
wishes of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to have the bill passed without the clause
which violated the compact, it might do very well;
but if not, he would move to pcstpone the bill till
the first Monday in December next.
Mr. WRIGHT said the passage of this bill had
been pressed upon his consideration by the mercan-
tile community. According to the present law, the
importer has to give his bond for a definite period,
say six ironths, while the effect of the bill before
them was to allow the merchandise to be ware-
housed, where it might remain three years, if they
pleased the merchant having no control of his pro-
perty, and the Government no bond. He did not
see how the bill could possibly conflict with the
views of gentlemen in relation to the compromise
act, though he did not admit that act as a matter of
right to the exclusion of all others.
Mr. CLAY said he had not examined the bill
very carefully; but still he must contend that it
would be a violation of the compact. Either there
was an extension of credit beyond the time al-
lowed, or a less credit was given. It was true,
the merchant might keep his goods for three years
in the warehouse; but then he might also remove
them in three days, by which means he could al-
ways avail himself of an advantageous state of
the market. In one view of the matter there was
more credit—in the other less; and in either case,
it violated the principle on which the compromise
act was founded; and on that ground he would be
compelled to vote against it.
Mr. WRIGHT asked Mr. Calhoun to withdraw
his motion; which having been acceded to, Mr
W. moved to postpone the further discussion, and
make it the special order of the day for to-morrow.
This motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate went into
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, October 9,1837.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. ADAMS, REED, LINCOLN, CUSH-
ING, and GRENNELL of Massachusetts.
Mr. CRANSTON of Rhode Island.
Messrs. FILLMORE, MARVIN, and PAT-
TERSON of New York.
Messrs SERGEANT, OGLE, MATTHIAS
MORRIS, L. W. MORRIS, PRY, NAYLOR,
and PAYNTER, of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. M. Morris of Pennsylvania presented three
memorials of similar import, one signed by thirty,
and another by forty-four, and one other by forty-
six, citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
Also, one petition, signed by 33 women of the
same county, praying for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia and the Territories of
the united States, and the slave trade between the
States.]
Mr. POLK (Speaker) of Tennessee.
Messrs. ALLEN, RIDGEWAY, and GOODE,
of Ohio.
Mr. CLAIBORNE of Mississippi.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Claiborne presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of the State of Mississippi, in favor "
of the establishment of a national bank. J
Messrs. CASEY and MAY of Illinois.
[Mr. May presented the petition of a number of
the inhabitants of Putnam county, Illinois, praying
he establishment of a national bank.]
Mr. CRARY of Michigan.
Mr. MERCER, from the Select Committee on
Rules, reported an additional rule, that the hour of
the adjournments of the House be noted on the
journal, and that no gentleman shall leave his seat
after an adjournment until the Speaker vacates the
Chair.
The report having been taken up for considera-
tion,
Mr. BYNUM called for a division of the ques-
tion.
After a few remarks by Messrs. HAYNES,
BYNUM, DUNCAN, and MERCER, the first
part of the rpport was adopted.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to strike out of the last
part of the rule the words " shall vacate the chair,"
and insert, "shall declare the result;" which, after
a few remorks from Mr. ADAMS, was rejected;
and the latter part of the rule was also rejected.
Mr. HOWARD, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered and adopted:
Keslveod, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to cause to be compiled an abstract of the seve-
ral pension laws now in force, for invalid, revolu-
tionary, or other pensions, together with the con-
structions which have been placed upo  such laws
by the War Department, or Attorney General, and
the forms necessary to be followed by the appli-
cants for pensions under the several laws; and re-
port the same at the next sesión of Congress.
Mr. ELLMORE, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That in addition to the 10,000 copies of
the correspondence for the annexation of Texas to
the United States, ordered to be printed, there be
10,000 more copies printed, to which shall be an-
nexed, from the correspondence " concerning the
boundary between the United States and the Mexi-
can Republic, and a cession of territory belonging
to the Mexican Confederation to the United States,"
communicated in the Message of the President of
the United States, of the 2d October instant, the fol-
lowing documents: Mr. Clay to Mr. Poinsett, 26th
March, 1825; extract from instructions; Mr. Tor-
rens to Mr. Adams, 15th February, 1824; Mr. Clay
to Mr. Poinsett, 24th Septemb'r, 1895, extracts;
the same to the same, 15th March, 1827, extract;
Mr. Van Buren to the same, 25th August, 1829;
Mr. Livingston to Mr. Butler, 20th March, 1833,
extract; Mr. McLane to the same, ISth January,
1834; Mr. Forsyth to the same, 2d July, 1835, ex-
tract; and same, 6th August, 1835, extract.
Mr. ADAMS said he should move an amend-
ment of this resolution. Instead of extracts, lie
moved to prnt the whole of the correspondence and
documents alluded to. He was opposed to sending
garbled statements of matters so interesting, be-
fore the people.
Mr. ELMORE said that, having offered the re-
solution, which he had supposed would have elicit-
ed no debate nor opposition, he felt bound to say a
word in explanation. This Mouse had made two
calls on the President for information upon sub-
jects connected with Texas. The first was for the
correspondence hetween the authorities of Texas
and the United States, concerning the annexation
of Texas. The second was for the correspondence
with the authorities of Mexico, concerning the
boundary line between the two countries, and the
propositions for the purchase of any portion of the
Mexican territory by the United Slates. Both calls
had bee  responded to; and, m answer to the first,
a communication from the Texan Minister to this
Government proposing the annexation of Texas; a
reply from the Secretary of State; and a rejoinder
from the Texan Minister, had been laid belt, re this
Hou=e, and ten thousand copies were ordered to be
' printed. In reply to the second call, a volumi-
nous correspondence between the proper agents of
the Governments of the United Sutes and Mexico
had been communicated, and ten thousand copies
of it ordered to be printed.    Upon looking into the
Il-T
■■■*'>      " "'  '   ■■ "**                                                                                 ■     .  —;—
last documents, (said Mr. E.) I find they are divid-
ed into two clashes; the first class consisting of,ihcse
named in the resolution now under consideration,
and consisting mainly of instructions given by the
different Presidents wielding the executive pow-
er of the United Stales, from 1624 to 1837,
to our ministers resident in Mexico, direct-
ing them to propose for "the purchase of,Tex-
as, and giving the reasons why such a pur-
chase was desirable and important for the
United States. These constituted but a small por-
tion of the documents communicated under the se-
cond call; the rest, comprising nine-tenths or proba-
bly nineteen-twentieths of those sent by the Presi-
dent, relating almost entirely to a treaty of boun-
dary which wss negotiated at an early period of
the negotiations between the two countries, and
which recognised the boundary fixed for Mexico in
1819, in the treaty of Washington, between Spain
and the United States; and in which the latter
yielded Texas and consented to make the Sabine
and Red rivers the boundary. This treaty, recog-
nising this line as the true one between Mexico and
the United States, was three times negotiated and
signed in almost the same terms, having twice fail-
ed in consequence of not being ratified by Mexico
in the time prescribed by one of its articles. The
various forms and shapes which these negotiations
assumed, the several propositions to vary them,
the causes which produced the failure to ratify—
from frequent revolutions, changes in the executive
departments charged with this subject, propositions
to change the place of segotiation from Mexics to
Washington—the formation of a commercial treaty
between the countries, and tedious details of all its
beginnings, interruptions and progress; and the ur-
gent requisitions of this Government for the ap-
pointment of commissioners to run the line of
boundary as fixed in 1819, constitute a mass of
diplomatic notes, correspondence and instructions
on these points, which have no bearing on the great
subject, the annexation of Texas, which now en-
grosses the public attention. Ten thousand copies
of these are already ordered to be printed; enough
to diffuse all the information required. But, sir,
it is not so as regards those mentioned in the resolu-
tion. They relate especially to the acquisition of
Texas; they consist of instructions from the Various
Presidents who have been in power since 1824,
showing in the arguments and views the}' suggest
to our ministers charged with these important ne-
gotiations, the reasons why it has always been
deemed important to the welfare of the United
Slates that they should possess Texas.
Sir, the House will remember that some days ago,
the gentleman from Massachusetts made the preg-
nant and startling declaration, that this question was
a question of union or disunion. He presented this
issue to the people of the United States. Now, sir, I      :
wish my constituents, and the people of the south,      ,
to have all the information on this subject concen-      ,
trated in one document, which will show them the      •
official action and opinions of this Government,      |
from 1824 to the present day.    I wish them to see,      j
by ihe instructions given  our ministers in every ad-
ministration since   1824, that it has always been
considered essential to the safety and interests of
these Stales, and that  the sound wisdom and pru-       i
dence of the. re^ous assigned in these able papers,
may be subnaued to their solemn deliberation, be-
fore they return their answer to the issue tendered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
It may be, sir, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts savs, that these documents are "garbled,"
and onlv such extracts furnished the House as suit
one side of the question. If garbled, it has been
done by the President, or his Secretary of State. I
mopo?e to publish them exactly as they have been
furnished to the House. If these documents, and
especially the opinions of the distinguished states-
man who was President in 1825, shall place any
gentleman on this floor .in the position of having-
entertainrd opinions on this subject not exactly
consistent, of having favored and urged the acqui-
sition of Texas at one time, as an important na-
tional object, and of having opposed and denounced
it at another, it is a matter he must settle as best he-
can with the country. I have no further correern
in the affair, than  that  I want the benefit w the-
