YEAS—Mess's. Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Kent, Knight, McKean,
Rives, Robbins, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Webster, White, and
Wil'iams—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, King oí Georgia, Lyon, Nicholas, Niles,
Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Strange, Walker, Wall, Wnght, and
Young—23.
The question was then taken on the proviso
offered by Mr CalhcTun. On this quebtion the yeas
and nays having been ordered, there appeared—for
it 14, against it 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
bama, Fulton, Grundy ,Hubbard, King of Alabama,
King of Geoig.a, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Spence, Walker, Wright, and Young—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Kent, Knight,
Lyon, McKean, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Robbins, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange,
S'vift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Wall, Webster, and
Williams—23.
Mr. CLAY moved to strike out the fifth section,
which gives to the impoiter the privilege of rans-
portmg goods from warehouse to warehouse, and
fiom city to city, at his option. He considered this
pr vilege of removing goods, from poit to port,
\\ ilhout the payment of duty, as giving the impor-
ter too great an advantage, and as hazardous to
the revenue.
Mr NORVELL said that he was induced to
vine lor the motion of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, because the bill, without the firth sec-
tion, gave extensive credit to the importer by al-
lowing his goods to remain three years in the pub-
1 c warehouse without the pajmentof duties, unless,
in iV íntcimediate time, he had found a market,
and s ,h ioi t.j'in The fifth section cnab'td him
to throw his goods, prior to the payment oí duties,
into any market, to the detriment of goods of a
similar kind already m that market, as well as of
the articles of that sort, m the same market,
manufactured in the country. But there was one
difficulty m his mind as to the expediency of
striking out the fifth section. The largest por-
tion of foreign merchandise imported into the
United States came into the port of New
York The Boston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore
merchants unpolled many of their goods into New
York. If the) were lequned to pay the duties on
them befoie they could take them out oí the public
warehouse in that city, it would place them on
an unecjial and disadvantageous footing with the
New York importers, and would concentrate all
the money paid for duties on merchandise intend-
ed for othei cities, in the port of New York, al-
ready sufficiently favored by nature and circum-
stances as the great money and commeicial empo-
lium of the country. He desired to place all the
importing merchants on an equality. If the Sena-
tor from Kentucky would remove this difficulty, if
there were ary substance in it, he would cheerfully
vote for his motion to strike out the fifth section.
After some further discussion on this bill, it was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
then reported the bill from the other House, to
" authorize the issuing of Treasury notes," without
amendment
Mr. WRIGHT explained the difference between
the bill as received from the House, and that which
had originated in the Senate.
Mr. BENTON moved so to amend the first sec-
tion, as to stake out the words fifty dollars, and in-
sert one hundred, that would make the bill approx-
imate nearer to what it was when it left the Senate.
Mi B. expressed his strong objections to Treasury
notes m general, and it was with great íeluctance
he could bring himself to vote for any bill that con-
tained such a clause; no hmg but the fact that Go-
vernment would stop for the want of money would
have induced him to vote for any papel money, in
a time of peace As the bill had gone irom the
Senate, it was well guarded, butm the other House
these guards had been broken down; it would re-
quire but another plunge to reduce to twenty, then
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
len, and by-and by we should have notes as
small as weie now issued from bank-^such was the
tendency of the whole paper system. Mr. B. here
alluded to the Bank of England, which in the first
ínstasce had issued no notes of a less de-
nomination than one hundred pounds but such
was the genius of paper money, that m the course-
of about one hundred and three years it was re-
duced to one pound, when not a piece of gold was
to be seen aftern ards. The same was the fact
with regard $o the French assignats, first from five
thousand to one thousand; and each sucsessive
diminution the gold was driven out, until afc last
they were reduced to ten sous. He had determined
never to lend his sanction to such a proceeding,
and would call for the yeas and nays on his motion,
that he might at least record his name against the
proceeding.
Mr. NORVELL remaiked, that all the objec-
tions urged by the Senator from Missouri to the
issue of notes of the denomination of fifty dollars,
applied with nearly equal force to the issue of
notes of the denomination of one hundred dollars
As far as either could be considered a currency,
one hundred dollar notes were as much a cur-
rency as fifty dollar notes. Bearing interest, how-
ever, he doubted whether they did not possess
more the character of a temporary loan than of a
cunent circulating medium. One suggestion
seemed not to have occurred to the Senator from
Missouri. Many persons who emigrated to the
western country and settled there, desired to pur-
chase farty acres of public land. Fifty dollar? m
a Treasury note would precisely pay for such a
tract. In the absence of a specie circulation,
while the banks were in a slate of suspension of
specie payments, Treasury notes of that denomina-
tion, leceivable at the land offices, would pr«\e a
gr^at convenience to the poorer purchaser  of pub-
I c linds, and would accelerate 'he ^etilement ?nd
improvement of the West For then; reasjns, he
should vote against the motion of the honorable
Senator.
Mr. CLAY supported the motion of Mr. Benton
to retain the §100 a  the least objectionable He
contended, however, th«t the whole measure v, as,
to all intents and purposes, a national bank, and
maintained it to be a great bank experiment—that
in time of profound peace to issue ten millions
adlmonal capital, after decrying the banks for en-
larging their circulation Instead of issuing tt^e
notes, he thought t would have been better to have
suspended some of these works, authonzed by the
appropriation of thirty-two millions
Mr. WEBSTER made some remarks against
the system, but in favor of the motion of Mr.
Benton to retain §100 as the minimum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Benton's motion, there appeared for it 1G,
against it 25, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Kent, King of Georgia, McKean,
Pierce, Rives, Robbins, Smith of Connecticut,
Southard, Spence, Tipton, Webster, and White—
16
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Alabama,
Crittenden, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King of Ala-
bama, Knight, Linn, Lyon, Morris, Nicholas, Niles
Norvell, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Indiana,
Strange, Swift, Tallmadge, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—25
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to a third reading; and being read a third
time, on the question of its passage,
Mr. WHITE asked for the yeas and nays, as he
wished to record bis vote; when there appeared—
yeas 35, nays 6, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,   Buchanan,   Cdhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Fulton, Giund), Hub-
bard, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Linn, Lyon, McKean, Moms, Nicho'as,   |
Nile?, Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Roane, Rctmson, ¡i
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stiange, ¡
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker, Wall, Web-
ster, Williams, Wright, and Young—35
N^YS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden,
Robbins, Southard, Spence, ana White—6.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate J.
121
procee led to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and then
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, October 10,1837.
Petititions and memorials were presented, on
leave,  by   Messrs   LAWLER  and LYOJ^   of
Mr JOHNSO  of Louisiana.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina.
Mr CHEATHAM of Tennessee.
UNITED STATES, MEXICO, AND TEXAS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business of the morning hour,
being the resolution submitted on yesteiday morn-
ing by Mr Ellmore, calling for the publication of
extracts of correspondence in relation to Mexico.
The question pending, n as the motion of Mr.
Adams to strike out the latter part of the resolution,
aad insert a clause providing that the whole of
the correspondence communicated by the President
be printed.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, rose to rnqmre if
it was the intention ef the gentleman from South
Carolina to reprint the correspondence already
printed
Mr. ADAMS said die intention of the gentleman
was to publish certain extracts made by himself.
Mr. ELLMORE said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was mistaken in this respect He had
not made the extracts, and o'ily proposed to pub-
lish what was sent to the House by the Secretary
of State, in answer to a call made upon him by
the House He explained that there was but a .
small portion of the correspondence transmitted,
which had any bearing on the question m relation
to the annexation of Texas, the greater por-
tion of it being in relation to a commercial
tipatv and the boundary line. The gentleman
 ai certainly mistaken in supposing that the
selection was made by him. It was made by the
President of the United States or the Secretary of
State, and the only objection h° had to having it all
printed, w as> that it would add to the eost, occasion
delav j,n the punting of the dosument, and be of no
soitof serviee when done. He wished it printed
as soon as possible, with a view of being laid before
tV people, so that they might be enabled to make up
heir minds m relation to the great issue presented
to them bj the gentleman from Massachusetts him-
self, in relation to this question of annexation, be-
ing a quest on of union or disunion. This was his
only object in having the correspond'-nee printed in
the form proposed m the resolution.
Mr ADAMS said that, after all, if the proposi-
tion prevails, it will be a garbled document. He
had not supposed that the gentleman had made a
selestion of extracts from paiticnlar letters, but it
was a selection of extracts from the whole publica-
tion; and he doubted not that the selection was
made to suit the gentleman's own purposes, exclud-
ing all others; and the distinction the gentleman takes
is that the remaining poitions of the coirespondence
is in relauon to a treaty of commerce and the
boundary question, and has nothing to do with an-
nexation. Now Mr. A. contended that the boun-
dary question had something to do with the ques-
tion of annexation. It was the boundary question
which authoi íred us in the first place to propose to
the Mexican Government a cession of their claim
to that portion of their territory. We have had
a special communication from the Executive but
two sessions ago, stipulating to settle this boun-
dary quest.on, and bills were brought before this
House for the appointment of Commissioners
to settle it, but commissioners were never ap-
poi ited, and the Tesan revolt rendered it impossi-
ble to se'tle the boundaiy question It might, per-
h p , be lool ed upon as a violation of faith with
Metico thai mese commissioners had ne%er been
ap.)o]',t d , and why it was not done, could only
be at -itemed to the impulse which cainec forward
a portion of a«r community to get possession of
the v ole of ihe Territory by treaty, by invasion,
oi by any oiher means.
The CHAIR interposed, and informed the gen-
tleman lhat the merits -of the question could no!
now be diseiSsad.
