1«2
Mr. ADAMS then proceeded to give his reasons
for not wishing to have the extracts published
without having the whole document published.
Mr. OWENS thought it must be very evident
that it was not the intention of the gentleman from
South Carolina to garble the correspondence, or
suppress any matter connected with the question of
annexation. His object simply was to have printed
all the correspondence relative to the subject, with-
out having it accompanied by matter foreign from
the subject. With a view, however, of removing
the difficulty in the mind of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, he moved to amend the resolution,
•by adding to the end thereof the words " and all
other matter* having reference to the subject em-
braced in that correspondence "
• ""Mr. ELMORE accepted this as a modification,
and further modified has resolution, by omitting the
word " extract," wherever it occurs.
• Mr- HOWARD (chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs) said that he would not have parti-
cipated in this debate, if he had not uniler-tood the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Adams) to say that it was the fault of the Ameri-
can Government that the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico had not been run
'long ago; and from the high respect to which the
opinions of that gentleman were entitled, especially
respecting our foreign affairs, he wished to say that
commissioners had been appointed to run Ihe line,
on nur behalf, in" proper time.
Mr. ADAMS said he had not expressed the opi-
nion that the Government of the United States was
n fault.
Mr. HOWARD said-he had so understood him.
With regard to the question of printing 10,000 ad-
ditional documents, according to the list prepared
by the gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr.
Elmore,) he was obliged to vote somewhat in the
dark, because, as the document had not been
printed, he could not know what papers would be
excluded by following that list, ana he should there-
fore vote for printing the whole. The proposition
to print this additional number of the document he
considered asan appeal to the people from the de-
cision of the President upon the question of the
annexation of Texas; and he would suggest to the
friend  of that measure whether it would be prudent
to assail the President'upon what he (Mr. H.) con-
sidered to bo an impregnable position. There were
three classes -of opinions in the House and in the
country upon this subject.
.    The SPEAKER interposed, and said the debate
was likely to take too wide a range.
Mr. HOWARD observed that he would not dis-
cuss these several opinions, bul merely remark,
that it was entirely for those who were considered
as the especial friends of the annexation to say
how far they were forwarding their own views by
pressing this appeal. If they chose to take this
course he had no objection, and would cheerfnliy
voté for any number of copies they might propose.
He felt very confident that the nation would sanc-
tion the position taken by the Executive department
.of the Government; and if the Texas question
should be now pressed, it would inevitably become
mixed up with extraneous matter, the result of
which would be inauspicious to the cause which a
portion oí this House so zealously advocated.
This, However, was a question entirely for them to
consider. For himself, he would say, that he in-
tended to make up his judgment upon national con-
siderations only, throwing out of the case all sec-
tional interests and sectional feelings, which, if not
discarded, must lead to incorrect conclusions.
Mr. BIDDLE could not consent to have a set of
.extracts made out for publication, for the-purpose
•of showing that the gentleman from Massachusetts
had pursued a course in relation to this subject
.which was inconsistent. It might be made to ap-
pear, by extracting from any correspondence, that
geitiernsrt had pursued an inconsistent course,
when, by taking the whole in connection, such
might nut.be Ihe fact. He thought it entirely im-
proper (hat a gentleman should be permitted to pub-
lish and circulate," at the public expense, a docu-
ment, for the purpose of prejudicing the gentleman
from Massachusetts with the people of the country.
Mr. ELLMORE explained  that  the gentleman
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had totally misapprehended him. He had no ob-
jection if the House authorized the printing of the
correspondence called for by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. His only objection to it in the first
place, was that it would delay the printing, and
keep the information back from the people. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, however, might
move to have the whole printed separately.
Mr. BIDDLE resumed, and argued that if the
public was once put in the possession of ihe docu-
ments proposed to be published by the gentleman
from South Carolina, it would be very difficult to
change the impression which would be made by
them, and it would be doing injustice to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to publish these docu-
ments separately. If they were to be published,
thev should be published all together.
Mr. PICKENS could not help being pleased at
the generous sympathy exhibited by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania (Mr. Biddle) for his distin-
guished fnend (Mr. Adams.) He had always un-
derstood that charily covered a multitude of sins,
but he could tell the gentleman that if he set out
with the intention of covering up the inconsisten-
cies of his friend, he would have a difficult task to
perform. He understood the motion of his col-
league to be to print the documents relating to the
subject as they were s nt from the President. Not
to make any interpolation of them, but to print
them as they were prepared at the State Depart-
ment, and sent to this House, and as his colleague
had accepted the proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia, all the correspondence in relation to the
subject would be laid before the public. If, then,
the gentleman from Massachusetts desired other
correspondence to be printed, the only course for
him to pursue was to introduce a resolution with-
out the limitation which accompanied the other
resolution. He desired this correspondence
laid before the public, so that they might be ena-
bled to come to correct conclusions in relation to
the subject, and that it might be known at the
next session of Congress what the public sentiment
was in relation to this question.
Mr. SLADE could see no reason why a selection
should be made of this correspondence to be sent
out to ihe people. We had had it all laid upon
the Clerk's table, and printed; and why now make
a selection, for the purpose of making an impres-
sion in a particular way on the public mind? He
desired to have the whole correspondence pub-
lished, if any was published. It appeared to him
that there must be some motive for urging the pub-
lication of these extracts which did not meet the
eye. He attributed no improper motives to gentle-
men, but it appeared to him as extraordinary that
a portion •■[ this correspondence was only asked to
bo printed.
Mr. BRIGGS said he understood the gentleman
from South Carolina had no objection to receive
thp amendment of his colleague as a modification.
This being the case, he hoped the gentleman would
modify his resolution, so as to put an end to the
discussion.
Mr. THOMSON hoped his colleague would ac-
cept of this amendment as a modification. He
would rather print a volume as large as the Ameri-
can stale papers, than do injustice to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, or have the suspicion created
that injustice was intended to be done him. In
relation to the remark of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, (Mr. Howard) with respect to an appeal
from the President to the people, he looked upon it
as singular that a great leader of the democratic
party should object to an appeal being taken from
the President of the United States to the people.
He had always understood that this was a doctrine
which they held to, and ought never to raise objec-
tions to.
Mr. HOWARD explained, that he had not ob-
jected to it on this ground, He had not the least
objection to its being printed.
Mr. ELLMORE accepted the amendment of the
gentleman from  Massachusetts as a modification.
The question was then taken, and the resolution,
as modified, was adopted without a division. *
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then proceeded to the order* of the day.
The CHAIR Said before the Ilousca communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury, in rela-
tion to the claims of Orange H. Dibble, which, on
motion of Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, was laid on
the table, and, on that of Mr. FILLMORE, order-
ed to be printed.
EXPRESS MAIL.
The joint resolution from the Senate, directing
the postage on letters sent by the express mail to
be paid in advance, was taken up on its first and
second reading, and the same having been twice
read,
Mr. ADAMS objected to the form of the resolu-
tion, on the ground that it should be presented as
a bill.
Mr. CONNOR did not deem the objection a very
valid one, and moved its engrossment.
Mr BIDDLE wanted some satisfactorv reasons
why this measure had been called for. They had
no report from the Postmaster General, but, on
the contrary, he had expressly disclaimed the ne-
cessity of any change being made. Mr. B. object-
ed to it also, on the ground that it broke in upon
the now established mode, and it would be a long
time before the mass of the community would be
made acquainted with the change.
Mr. BRIGGS briefly supported the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina moved to
refer the resolution to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CONNOR remarked, that if it should be
sent to lhat committee it could not be acted on
without a suspension of the rules, since the House
had passed an order to take up no subject not em-
braced in the President's Message.
With reference to the necessity for the passage
of the resolution, Mr. C. was not specially apprised
of the reasons in its favor, no report having ac-
companied it from the Senate, but he had been
given to understand that one mam reason was, that
it was almost impossible to make the community
understand that letters sent to members of Con-
gress by the Express Mail did not go free. From
the inconvenience suffered by a number of gentle-
men this way, he hoped the resolution would pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS then varied his motion to
refer the resolution to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CUSHING hoped that motion would pre-
vail.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped not.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GRENNELL wanted more information on
the subject, and he therefore moved to postpone
its further consideration till the first Monday in
December next.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said they had not time to
devote to a long discussion of this question. He
thought it so simple and proper a one that they
ought to pass upon it at once, and he must, there-
fore, move the previous question; which was se-
conded—yeas 88, nays 53, and the main question
was ordered and carried.
So the resolution was ordered to be engrossed,
and, having been engrossed, was read a third time
and passed.
DIVORCE BANK BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the  Union, Mr. SMITH in the chair
Mr. PICKENS moved to take up Senate bill,
No. 6, being the "bill imposing additional duties as
depositories m certain cases on public officers."
Mr. LEGARE hoped the other two bills would
be first acted on.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 100, noes 80.
The bill was then taken up and read through by
the Clerk.
Mr. PICKENS then addressed the committee at
length in support of the principles of the bill.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia said it was his in-
tention to offer the substitute of which he had given
notice, but he would wait until the friends of the
divorce bill had perfected their measure.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he appreciated the
courtesy of the gentleman, but he had  no amend-
ment to offer to the bill, and preferred, himself, ad-
dressing the House nn the subject to-morrow.
MERCHANTS' BONDS.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved that the bill be laid
aside, and that the committee take up the "bill au-
