the same wretched condition every where. "We
bad as good a currency as ever nation was blessed
with, but the Government would not "let well
alone." The few gold coins that were scattered
through that body did not change the con-
dition of things; for his part, he had not touched
them, nor did he mean to do so; he recollected the
same attempt was made in 1815, when he was a
member of the other body, and was indignantly
voted down. He did not stand there the advocate
of any bank, nor had he seen any one connected
with them, but he was unwilling to see harsh and
tyrannical measures resorted to against the people of
a district that had no representation. The people
of this District had paid much into the Treasury—
nore indeed than those of other places, from the pe-
culiar condition m which they were placed at the
seat of Government; (he meant the pride of dress
incident to such a location,) and yet, in the distri-
bution of the surplus revenue among the States,
not a centwas given to them; and now we seek to
extinguish'every hope by rudely revoking the cha-
racter of their moneyed institutions for not doing
•what it is impossible for them to do, unless it would
be by a simultaneous act throughout the whole
country. It was said coming events cast their sha-
dow's before The ex-President had written a let-
ter, stating that now was ihe time to cut loose from
aH the banks. He wished that individual would
refrain from interfering in public affairs; his action
and evil counsels were already apparent. We
were promised a better currency. Had we
got it? We had the humbug of a few millions of
gold imported in violation of the natural course of
trade, and, with that in the country, we seek to
make war upon the State institution"!. Ay, with
scarcely a majority m either branch of the Legisla-
ture, they seek to put down institutions that were
here before the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and which he believed had as much capital,
in proportion to the wealth and populition of the
country at that time, as those of the present day
The banks were now m as good and sound a con-
dition as ever they were, and we had the authority
of the Secretary of the Treasury for saying that
the banks of this District were never stronger than
at the present time.
Mr. NORVELL observed, that in the allusions
made by the honorable Senator from Maryland to
the Bank of the United States, and to the proceed-
ings of this body in regard to the financial affairs
of the country, he had touched a choid whose vibra-
tions would, he was afraid, operate unfavorably to
the object which he had in view. He regretted
that the Senator had indulged in them, and he de-
precated the effect which they might produce on a
part of the Senate. The subject did not require
the expanded view which that honorable Senator
had taken of it. He hoped that it would be deci-
ded on its own merits. The pnnciple involved in
the bill was in a narrow compass. It resolved
itself into the question whether the District banks
could resume specie payments, with any prospect
of continuing them over twenty-four hours, while
tk e New York and other State banks were m the
conduion of a suspension of specie payments' In
the general principles advanced by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, and in his denunciations of
individual issues of bills, he cordially concurred.
He would, if he had the power, iefuse to suffer the
charter of a bank which, rontraiy to law, ceased to
redeem its notes with gold or silvei, to exist for a
day, but he would begin with the originators of the
transgression Abstract pmunp'es, however, must
sometimes yield to circumstances. We must be
governed, m some degree, by those wh'ch surround
us. The neighboring banks did not, at this time,
redeem their notes with specie, and, he repeated, as
long as this was the case, the District banks could
not resume. The people of the District were
debtors to the banks. This bill would compel the
banks to press them; and he was extremely appie-
hensive that extensive suffering and distress among
this unrepresented people, who were entitled to our
sympathies, would be the consequence of its pas-
sage. In relation to the notes which were issued
¡and circulated by individuals, he would go as far as
any Senator to suppress them, and if the honorable
Senator from New Yoik, whose ability was compe-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tent to the performance of any task devolved upon
him, would propose any provision for their suppres-
sion, he should have his cheerful co-operation and
support
Mr. STRANGE spoke some time in favor of
the postponement. He felt painfully the position
in which the District was placed. Every step taken
convinced him more and more of the danger of the
banking system. We had created these institutions,
and must leave the result to the people. The same
anxiety, he presumed, would be felt m every State.
You can not approach the banking system without
being told of the rum in which some individual or
other would be involved He was opposed to all
the features of the bill, of the three clauses he did
not know which was most objectionable. He could
not consent that the issuing of a shin-plaster, which
another man agreed to take, should be punished
penally, any more than for the issuing of " pio-
mise to pay" notes of another kind When a man
issued the shin-plasters, he expected to redeem
them, it was the folly of the people which tolerated
such a state of things, and he thought it better to
leave the whole matter to experience, which could
alone cure the evil.
Mr. CLAYTON" also spoke against the bill.
Mr WALKER announced his intention to vote
for the postponement. He was opposed to the
w hole wretched banking system, the curse of the
country; and when the proper time came, he would
be found arrayed against it. But he asked what
practical good could come from discussing this bill
at this time, when unless it got through the Senate
that day, there was no possible chance of its pas-
sage in the other House, he thought it waste of
time to pursue any further legislation on the sub-
ject, and hoped the bill would be postponed
Mr. WRIGHT made some further remarks.
Mr. NILES said that the true question which
the motion to postpone the bill presented, seemed
tobe oveilooked. The bill contains tnopr.nci- i
pies, one to coerce the banks to resume payment,
and fulfil their engagements to the public; the other
the suppression of the small bills, appropriately
called shin-plasters. To postpone the bill, will be
to abandon the principle c{ coercion, and if not
expressly, at least tacitly, to sanction the opinion
that the legislature cannot, or ought not, 10 compel
the banks to fulfil their engagements to the
public He was not willing to sanction any such
idea He believed it to be the duty of every legis-
lature, which had created banking institutions, and
conferred on them the power to supply a currency,
and thus to exercise a part of the sovereign power,
lo supervise those institutions, so far as the
security of the public might require; they were
bound to see that they did not defraud the commu-
nity, by flooding the country with irredeemable pa-
per, winch may become entirely worthless His
friend from North Carolina (Mr. Strange) «perns
to thmk that it is not proper for the legisla'nre to
interfere, but to leave individuals to their remedies, i
and to suffer the banks and individuals to go on ]
and swindle the community by their fraudulent |
issues of spurious paper, which has entirely super- ]
seded and repealed that pi o vision m the Constitu-
tion which was intended to secure to the people of
the" United States a stable and honest currency,
consisting of com
This was carrying the principle of fice trade one
step too far for him. Free banking, so far as it
consisted ínsupplymgandissumg a paper currency, |
was, m his opinion, only another name forswmd- ¡
ling. The creation of a currency could not =afelv
be trusted to individuals; to provide and regulate
the cunency belongs to the sovereign power of the
State. Money being the standard of value, by
which pioperty and contracts are governed, the
legislatme was bound t' keep this standard as uni-
form and stable as possible. This cannot be done
evcept by the sovereign pos ei of the State It is
as important that we have a uniform standard of
value, as it is that we haiea unifoim slandaid
of wcght. and measures
He could not subscribe to the dociime that the
Legislatuie can create banks and authorize corpo-
rations to issue a spurious currency, and thus de-
priving the people of the rights secured to them by
the Constitution, and then leaving them to take
125
care of themselves, and to get rid, as well as they
can, of the evils of a vicfous paper currency. As
legislation had created the mischief, it was the
proper business of legislation to correct it.
Mr. N. said he did not regard this question, ss
far as respects the Disinct, as of so much impor-
tance as he did its moral influence on the country.
The banks of all the States have yiolated their ea-
gagements, and brought upon the people the evils of
a depreciated currency; and the question now is,
whether the Legislature can, and ought to coerce,
an! force them to redeem their bills1 Congress has
no power to act on this -ubject, except as respects
the banks of tins District. Yet our action would
have force, as an example, and by its moral influ-
ence. In some few of the States the Legislature
has been in session sinee the suspension of the
banks, and some, if not all of them, have given, m
some way, directly or indirectly, a sanction to this
suspension for a limited time. These Legislatures,
many of them, were in session at the time of the
failure of the banks, and acted suddenly, and under
surprise, and a species of duress. Now, after the
lapse of some months, the public mind has become
calm and settled upon this subject. The Legisla-
tures of most of the States will soon be m session,
and will be called upon to act upon this subject.
The question will arise whether the banks or the
State Governments are masters Shall Congress
set them an example of yielding to the banks; of
suffering them to go on and defraud the commu-
nity1 Or .shall we assert and exercise the principle
of coercion, and of compelling the banks, to pay
their debts1 Meeting here as we have, and finding
the banks of the District prostra'e, and refusing lo
redeem their notes, shall we adjourn without any
action on the subject' Would not this be giving a
tacit sanction to the conduct of the banks' Would
it not be, tacitly at lea^t, to sanction the opinion
that the Legislature either can not, or ought not, to
inteifere to i heve the people' That th^y can not
lay their hands upon the banks, and force them to
redeem their bills' He thought that the action of
Congress would have a salutary influence on the
action of the States, and he was, therefore, opposed
to the postponement of the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD spoke m favor of the postpone-
ment, rather than adopt the bill mits present shape.
He thought the banks of the District as safe as any
others, in fact, one already paid its bills onpresenta-
tion, and the others would no doubt do so, as soon as
practicable. Much as he was disposed to prohibit
the mdi-wdual issues of paper, he could not feel
himself authorized to suj port the bill-
Mr. KING of Alabama thought it piudent to
postpone the bill: he was not disposed to support
it in its present shape. The banks of the District,
he believed, were m as good a condition as any
banks m ihe country. As their charters expired
m Juh', he thought it better to allow more time
for consideration- he should vote for the postpone-
ment.
Mr. BUCHANAN avowed himself unfnendly
to the first and second sections of the bil'; he
thought they pressed too severely on the banks, that
would n turn piess on the people for tbeir debts,
at a time when they were least able to hear it He
would not vote to peipetuate these institutions.
The charters expired in July next, when he should
vote for the est ibhshment of one bank, in which the
stfck and debts of the others might be merged,
so as not to create any pressure. Mr. B was de-
cidedly in favoi of retaining the last section by
which shm-plasters could be put down
Mi. YOUNG spoke against the postponement of
the bill He thought we ousht to fix the time of
resumption of spec c payments before we at-
tempted to renew their chaiters. The issuing of
shm-plasters was penal m his State, and should
be made so here If a nroper stand were made m
tin  Distuctby the National Legislature, it would
at least have a moral effect abroad.
Mr WEBSTER said there appeared to be a
general feeling m the Senate that the first and
second sections of the bill pressed too heavily on
the banks, and as general a feeling to letam the
last section, which prohibited the w retched issues
with which this quartei .vas deluged. He thought
the latter deserved no countenance, and, so far as
