148
gleet to apply for such renewal for more than
twenty days alter the maturity of such bond.
Approved, October 12, 1837.
An ACT to continue in force certain laws, to the
close of the next session of Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repi esmtrv
lives of the United States of ¡America in Congress as-
scmbed, That all acts and parts of acts, or provi-
sion* contained within any act, which, by the terms
thereof, are made io expire at the termination of
the first session of the twenty-fifth Congress, be,
and the same are heieby, declared to continue in
force to the end of that session of Congress which
shall commence, or shall be in session, on the first
Monday of Decemher, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven.
Approved, October l^th, 1837.
Art ACT lo amend an act, entitled "An act to
provide  for the payment of horses lost, <>r de-
stroyed in  the  military service of  ihe United
S'ates, approved January 18th, 1837 "
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repiesen-
talives of the United States of ftmeiica in, Congiess as-
sembled, That any person who has turned over to
the service of the Un ted States, his horse, saddle,
bridle, or equipments, by the order of the com-
manding general, or other commanding officer,
shall be paid the value thereol; That the claims
provided for under this act, shall be adjusted by
the Third Auditor, under such rules <is shall he
prescribed by the Seer* tary of war, with the assent
of the President.    This act, and the act to wlvch
this is an amendment,  shall extend  to  mules as
well as to horses.    Decisions under this act, shall
be recorded .is they aie required to be recorded by
the act aforesaid, and payment shall be made as is
required by that act.  This a( t shall extend to ctscs
where any person mentioned in the act to «Inch
this is an amendment shall ha' e died u-   the sei-
vice, and his horse, saddle, bridle, or equipments,
«shall have been turned over to an officer, or other
„ pers->n   for  the benefit of the  Umted Slates,   by
order of the proper officer commanding,  and  not
restored to t,se  representative of the deceased or
paid for by the United States.
Approved, October 14th, 1837.
An ACT miking fctither appropriations for the
vear eighteen hundred and thiry-seven.
Be li enacted 611 the Sena'e and House of Repieten-
tahtesoftht United Slates of «inwica mi Cong) ess
assembled, Tnat the following sums be, and the
same are heoby, appr «pruned, lo he pud ou' of
any unappropriated money in the Tieasurv, vi/
For pay and mileage of the members of f'oneress
and cHegftes, two bundled and for tj-eight thou-
sand five hundred dolíais
For stationery, fuel, p'inbng, and all oth r con-
tingent expenses of the Sen lie, thuiy thousand dol-
lars.
For stationery, fiH, printing, and all other oon-
t'nsent expenses ol the House of Reptes* mativts,
•fifty thousand del'ars.
For th" contingent expenses of fie navy, as enu-
merated in the act ol the thud of March I ist, in ad-
dition to the amount appropi.atpd by mat act, one
hundred and twetny thousand dolíais.
For the rebel an t piotertion of Ameitean sea-
m n in fore gn coim'riis, ten thousand dolíais.
For defravme the rxperwx attending lh<' prose-
cution of the claim of the United Siales to th' legi-
(\ bequeathed In the hte .Tames Smuhson, of Lon-
don, fiip thousand do'lais.
For the rontmgeni expenses in the ornee of (he
Trensuier fu'ehun 'red dollar .
Fo'-piepii n" p intmg and binding documents
ordered by (he roso'u'n ns of the Senate of the se-
cond Jul', ngr- con hundred and ihnty-su:, twenty-
filth of February, tithteer. hunuVd and thirty se-
ven, and thi- second oí Mnrch, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, to be disbursed undei the direc-
tion ot the eommttiee to audit and control thr con-
tingent exponses of the Senate, tner-fy-five iiiou-
sind dollars.
Sir 2 Arut be it farther enacted, That, if the re-
\rnn  from duti<"5,orfrom the sales of p'tblie lands
I'd atnmjin thehands of the receiving and collecting
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officers, be not sufficient at any time to pay deben-
tures and other charges which are by existing laws
made payable out of the accrutng revenue before
it is transferred to the credit of the Treasurer, the
Secreiaty of the Treasury is heieby authorized to
pay the said debentures and other charges out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasui y be, and he is hsveby, au-
thorized to arrange and settle any of the outstand-
ing transfer drafts given to to transfer moneys to the
States under the act of iwentv-third of June, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six, and which have not
been paid by the depositories upon which they were
diawn or otherwise arranged and settled by the
United States by receiving such drafts at par m pay-
ment of any debts due to the United States, with-
out any allowance of interest for the time the drafts
h-ive been outsland.ng and unpaid, or anv other al-
lowance for interest or damages of any description.
Approved, October 16th, 1837.
AN ACT making an additional appropriation for
the suppression of Indian hostilities for the jear
one thousand eight hundred and thirfy-seven.
Be it enacted bij ¡fie Senate and House of Repi esen-
ta'ives of the United Stales of America in Confess
assembled, That the further sum of one million six
hnndred thousand dollars shall be, and the same is
herebv, apptopnated out of any monev in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray any
expenses which have been or may be incurred, m
pi eventing or suppressing the hostilities of any In-
dians- to be expended under the dnectmn of the
Secretary of War, eoniormably to the acts of Con-
gress of ihe nineteenth of March eighteen hundied
and ihirty-six, and of the second of July eighteen
hundred and thiity-six, and of the a.ts theie.n re-
feiml to.
At-ptiovhD, October 16ih, 1837.
An ACT authorizing a further postponement of
payment upon duty bunds.
Be it enacted, by the Seriate and límite of Repie-
iciitaixves of the Untied States of America til Con-
gress assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, authorized to grant such
further extension of credit upon all bonds for du-
ties now outstanding as shad make the whole ex-
tension of credit upon each bond nine months from
the time when the original bond became due and
pavable; making the extension in each case to de-
pend upon the siCiC conditions as to additional
s.cuntv, the payinen' of interest, and othei terms,
«huh have be -n prescnbed by the Treasury Pe-
pa tmeni, to the extcrsion of revenue bonds since
Mav last Piotided, That noihtng heiein contained
shall be construed to include an} existing bonds
when the parties to the same ha,vc no', sm^e the
bonds became payab'e, a*ven additional sectinn,
or made part pa) merit, and are by the proper olb
ccrs of the Government, considered insolvent, or
unsai* s 'cm ilies lor the payment of their bonds.
Srciiov 2. And be it further rnucled, That a
credit of three and s,x months thall be allowed on
ihe duty on ail merchandise which sh?ll have lven
oí ma) be imponed on or before the first dav of
¡Novombet next upon which ihe duties are paya-
ble in cash, and that tie bonds received for such
duties shall be p liable in equ il instalments be inv
interest at the rale of siv pel cent, pti annum, and
shill be in ihe toim and upon the conditions me-
scrih.d by ex stin  laws and by this act.
Smtiost 3 Aiul be ilfmth:r enacted, That is here
ihe s ctiritv in ai \ bo"d which ba« been, c - mav
r.ereafier be posponed, i, cntireiv sa'isfactory. the
principal or snieties in the same shall not te t'isa-
liied him being in the mean time, till the period
of pos'ponement prox id d for bv this act expires,
recened as puneipal oi ship,¡^s in other bond* for
duties, noixtithstandmg the bond first given m i>
not have been actually paid, discharged, orex'eud-
c I befe re oi on the day it fell dee Pronded, That
such pr.ncipal and sureties shall be found, m all
othei respects, sa e and satisfactory security for
the lunds to which the) may be proposed as par-
tus.
SrcriON' 4.  Ml be ,t further enacted, T' at (he
operation of all prior laws, and parts of laws, so
far as inconsistent with this act, be suspended in
' the particulars in which they may conflict with, or
differ from, its provisions, until this act shall cease
by its own limitat'ons.
Approved, October 16th, 1837.
An ACT for adjusting the remaining claims upon
the late deposite banks.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Slates of America in Congress as-
sembled, Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he is hereby, authonzed to continue to withdraw
the public moneys now remaining in any of the
former deposite banks, m a manner as gradual
and convenient to the institutions as shall be con-
sistent xvtth the pecuniary wants of the Govern-
ment, and the safety of the funds thus to- be
drawn; and that no further interest than that re-
quired by the deposite act of the twenty-third of
June, one thousand eight hundred and thiity-six,
under which those deposites were made, shall be
demanded of any bank which has met, and shall
he-eaftci meet, ihe requisitions of the Department.
This provision shall also extend to such public
moneys as may remain in any of the said banks,
whether standing to the credit of the Treasurer of
the United States, or of any disbursing or other
public officer of the Government.
StCTioN 2. And be it fuither enacted, That in
case of neglect or refusal by any of the said banks
to coir.plv with the requisitions of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as he shall make them, m
confonnity with the first section of this act,
suits shall be instituted, where that has not
already buen done, to recover the amounts due to
the Un.ted States, unless the defaulting bank shall
forthwith cause to be executed and delivered ta
the Secietary of the Tieavury, a bond, with se-
curity to be approved by the Solicitor of the Trea-
sury to pay to the United States the whole moneys
due from it m three instalments. The first to ba
paid on the nrst day of July next, the second on
the first day of January, eighteen hundied and
j thirty-nine, and the remaining instalment on the
J first day of Julv, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine;
and the default mentioned in this act on which in-
terest is to commence at the rate of six per shall
be understood to be the neglect or omission of said
banks, or anv of them, to answer the drafts or re-
quisitions of the Secretary of the Treasury, made
on them according to the provisions of the firstsec-
tion of this act, an 1 interest theieon at the rate of
six per cni'um per annum, from the time of de-
fault, together with any dar.ages which may have
acciued to the United States from protest of drafts
drawn upon it, or from any other consequence of
us failure to fulfil its obligation? to the pubic
Treasury
APir WD, October lG'h, 1837.
AN ACT for the rebel of D. P. Madison.
Be il enarted bnlhe Senate anil House of Representa-
tive; of the United Slatts of A menea in Congress as-
sembled, That the Piesidentof the United States be,
and he is heieby, authorized and requested to cause
to be executed, a giant and reconveyance to Mrs.
D I5 Mpdison, hei execuiors, administrators and
assigns, ot the light to publish in foreign coun-
tries, toi her own benefit, ihe manuscript debates
0i tV convention vhich ¡oimed the Constitution of
this Goven men!, as «ell as the nttt avails of any
such publication vihich may have been ordered by
he • Protided, loon ever, That «he shall not be al-
lowed to withdraw frcm the possession of the Go-
veriimf nt either oC the copies oi said debates which
accompanied her eonvevance.
Approvfii. October 14ih, 1837.
A nr.SOLUTIOX diiecting lire p< stage on letters
sent bj the Express Mail to be paid in advance
Resolved by the Senate and Honie of Repi esenlalives
of the Lmttd Stales of America in Convicts assembled,
That the Povmdstei General be, and he is hereby,
directed to cause the pos ase on all letters sent by
the Express Mail of ihe United S'ates to be paid in
advance at the time of depositing them for tiaiis-
yi i.-mon by said mail.
