i
APPENDIX TO HÜE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1831
25ih CosG....lst Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
present year will probably be thereby lessened from
four to five millions.
Should Congress, however, adopt an interme-
diate course, as :m act not of mere benevolence,
but of additional relief, which appears reasonable,
under the extra-." dinary mercantile distresses of
the times, and more safe to the Government, in re-
spect to eventual collections, it mightsanction a de-
lay not to exceed, altogether, six months beyond
the original period of payment, in any particular
case. It is computed that this would diminish the
receipts, during the present year, about two and
a half millions of dolíais; dim if granted on the
usual terms, would increase the receipts, next
year, in a greater proportion, by the interest
accruing, as well by the fuller collections which
would probably be made in a greater number of
cases.
The opinion of the department on these various
propositions is, that, considering merely our pre-
sent financial necessities, no further postponement
can be regarded as expedient, though m some other
respects., as fully detailed ¡n the recent letter from
the Chamber of Commerce, the last delay men-
tioned might be found justifiable, and more bene-
ficial. But if a law be passed extending credit on
the bonds, it is supposed thai, in any correct view
of the subject, its provisions need not be continued
in force beyond the period when the worst effects
of the pressure will be likely to have ceased, and
when all imports could, by a further extension of
the ware-house system, be advantageously made
payable in cash, at the time the goods are wanted
for immediate consumption.
The extension of that system is, thererore, re-
spectfully recommended to the consideration of
Congress, in connection with the present sub-
ject, as it might introduce'as great an improvement
in the collection of imposts, as the substitution of
cash for credit did in the collodion of revenue
from the sales of public lands. It would en lauily
increase the security, case, and promptitude of the
operation; would dispense entirely with the ¡rouble
and risk in the payment of debentures; work favo-
rably to the manufacturing interests; and* at the
same time, facilitate our trade in foreign article ,
as well as exonerate the merchant from many em-
barrassments in regard to sureties and guarantees.
III.   OBSTACLES IN   THE WAV OP   TRANSFERRING   THE
LAST INSTALMENT OP DEPOSITES TO THE STATES.
Early legislation has likewise become nccesr^'y,
either to withhold or postpone, for a ív.vonabV
period, the fourth instalment of deposites w ill' il.e
States', or to furnish such aid as may be nee, s-;:ry
to complete them in a satislactory maimer.
By the general suspension of specie payments,
and the consequent necessity, raider the deposite
act, to discontinue most of the public depositories,
the transfers from thr^banks m the west and south-
west to the seaboard, which wen: necessary to place
much of the money in a position tobe conveniently
lodged with the Slates in October, hate, in several
instances, been defeated. They had, as ,n casi' of
the former instalments, been ordered seasonably,
though, as a general rule, only where rendered pro-
per, in consequence of gpeat accumulation of pub-
lic funds in an unfavorable situation, on account of
the course of trade and exchanges, t-> be paiddir.-et-
!y to the respective States. But, in the t-onliied
condition ol'the money market, lb"-,-had not hen
injuriously hastened as to the lime ol pav.e.it. io.il,
consequently, falling due m the cour>s of to, sum-
mer and early in autumn, near two-.inr'-, of f.e
whole amount of fuese funds still on hand h.ue been
detuned i.i the west and southwest, where thev had
so unusually augmented from the large .vio-, of
,-'tib!'c lands. Ilee.cc, if the last deposite with foe
, tales ivas, in this position of the money, to be at-
tempted, the orders directing it must, m many
f-.-rs, he made on places remote, and very
inconvenient to some of the receiving States,,
0:1 account of the unfavorable balance of
trade, or the rates of exchange; and must be
met, if at ail, in a currency unacceptable and
greatly depreciated. Transfers of portions of ¡he
July instalment could not, from the same cause, be
effected in the precise mode intended, nor from the
banks most desirable, though much of it had reach-
ed the appropriate points, to render tire operation
easy, before the suspension of specie payments. In
all cases in which they were not offered to be paid
in a currency satisfactory to the States, their agents
were requested to return the orders of transfer till
Congress could make new and suitable provisions
on the subject.
But this request has not always been complied
with. About J],165,575 of that instalment has
not yet been receipted for by the States to the Trea-
sury, nor the orders returned. On the contrary,
the United States Bank chartered by the State of
Pennsylvania has lately become the purchaser of
several of these orders, though not given for any
debt, but merely directing a tiansfer from one pub-
lic depository to another. This institution has de-
manded of the banks on which they are drawn that
payment should be made to her in specie; and, on
their failing to do so, has caused the orders to be
protested. Under these circumstances, and, as the
deposites with the States were to be made of what
was in the Treasury, and consequently in the
banks, on the 1st of January last, it is for Con-
gress to decide whether payment shall be made of
any of those orders in a mode and currency different
from the rest of the third instalment of deposites
with the States.
Another reason fur withholding or postponing
the October deposites, or for some legal provision
to aid in completing them, is, that a sum equal to
the revenue probably accruing, and a large portion
of these deposites, had, before they were payable,
been expressly appropriated by Congress to other
objects. When looking to the rapid decrease in our
receipts, to the expected deficiency in the course
of the year, and the greaUamount of outstanding
appropriations which', at the close of it, will be left
unpaid, much oí that whole instalment seems likely
to be needed at an early day. By either of the
first two measures, the money could, according to
it., oiigmal ele1-! ¡iialion, be applied to the necessary
uams oiiho General Government, as soon as it can
he drawn from the hanks in legal funds: In that
v, ay, so dcurable an object would also be accom-
plished, without the expense and delay of the money
being fust paid over to the States, and then sub-
jected to an early recall. On the other hand, se-
veral of the States might, in the present posture of
their affairs, experience considerable inconvenience,
either by not receiving it, or by soon refunding a
huge portion of its amount: and many of the banks
which hold it might be able more satisfactorily to
p;.y it to the Wales ihan to il:c Treasury. But,
th.iiigh '.!>< Mib,i' el i1; 0110 of much delicacy and dif-
f cully, and pecui.arly pioper for the final action
0! Congress, it m°y he expected that this Depart-
ment should expiess Mime opinion as to which
course appeals mo.it eligible m the present condi-
tion of the finance-i. It is, therefore, with deference
suggested, ¡hat when, legardmg their condition and
the importance of meeting with efficiency and good
faith all the obi,galionrs of the Government to the
public creditors, it would be most judicousto apply
the whole instalment, as fast as it is wanted and
can bo collected, to the prompt discharge of these
obligation?; and ¡hat the last deposile with the
fct.Hes, not being a debí, but a mere temporary dis-
poial ol a surplus, should be postponed until Con-
gress, m some different state of the finances, when
■ neb an available surplus may exist, shall see a
manilo-: p.opriety and ability in completing the
deposito, and snail g'ie directions to that effect.
Con,-, q^enliy, no fiuth-T steps will betaken as to
lúe deposite vt' a-iy pari of tli it instalment ¡ill Con-
fies > ha: had ..n opportu lily lo act upon the sub-
j_'<' in such manner in, 10. ¡lie present posture of
aii'ui., it- :;;pcror wisdom may consider prefera-
ble.
iv. r,:Fr;.""'/i'V 1:; mi ixh the ArPRorEuiiONS, and
on tj;;: issra of treasury notes.
Some further obsiaeies exist ;n the way of dis-
charging satisfactorily all the appropriations which
have been made by Congress.
Tne effects which may be produced upon the
accruing revenue, by granting or withholding
further delays on bonds for duties, have already
been explained.
In addition to these, there is a likelihood, in the
present pressure, that the payment of cash duties,
to the extent of one million of dollars more than
usual, will be unavoidably.deferred to another
year, as the importers under the existing laws are
entitled to certain delays, by keeping in store the
woollen goods which pay such duties.
This circumstance, in connection with the diffi-
culty of collecting the bonds, whether longer post-
poned or not, will sensibly increase the embarrass-
ments which have been specially pointed out, and
otherwise exist in paying with promptitude and in
a legal manner, the large .appropriations charge-
able upon the residue of the current year.
Hence, after a considerable deficiency in the
available means became highly probable, it was
deemed expedient to adopt any judicious and law-
ul measui e to remedy it, which was within he
power of the department. Accordingly, though
large quantities of public lands were still in
market unsold, and though the receipts from this
source during the year, would be higher than anti-
cipated, in consequence, among other things, of
a construction put on the pre-emption laws, admit-
ting a large class of settlers to entries, it was sup-
posed that some further tracts, in places much de-
sired by the new States, might prudently be offer-
ed. A few such have been advertised; but sufficient
time, after due notice, have not yet elapsed to real-
ize any thing from them.
If the fourth instalment of the deposites with
the Slates be deferred, and the difficulty in season-
ably transferring it be thus removed, yet, being
chiefly in the custody of banks not paying specie,
it is manifest that it cannot be immediately real-
ized in funds suitable to meet the existing appro-
priations. If it be not deferred, some further pro-
vision will be still more indispensable to enable the
Treasuiy not only to place it with the States, but
to pay all the public creditors and officers in a
satisfactory manner, until the duties now due from
the merchants, and ¡he funds now in the disconti-
nued deposite banks, can be collected. It is true,
that a resort to the States for refunding portions of
¡helarge sums already deposited with them, would
also remain by law; but _ under the limitations
of the act oí June, 1836, it would be very slow
in its operation, and, if complied with, would
prove entirely insufficient to answer such an
urgent occasion as the present. During ¡he ensu-
ing quarter, the. whole amount that could be legally
recalled would not exceed six hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. Hence it seems expedient,
either in aid or exclusion of a requisition oh the
States, as may be deemed most suitable by Con-
gress, to provide some temporary resource until
enough of the fourth instalment, or other means
in Hie Treasury, can be rendered available to dis-
charge all the public engagements. Il need not be
a loan, or an increase of taxes of any kind; as
the General Government, in respect to its finances,
whatever temporary embarrassment the recent con-
vulsions in commerce anel banking may have
created, is far from having any just cause of
despondency. It is neither overwhelmed with a
national debt, nor destitute of large pecuniary
resources on hand; but, enürely free from the
former, it is so amply supplied with ¡he laUer as
to have in the Treasury over forty millions of dol-
lars, and eight or ten millions more in bonds, which
will soon become payable. But a large portion
being in deposite with the States, and the residue
chiefly in banks and the hands of merchants, under
the difficulties before named, in procuring promptly,
and in a legal currency, ¡he amounts of money
which are needed, some collateral aid for a short
period, till a sufficiency can be collected, appears to
be judicious, if not indispensable.
It is foriunate that the energies of the country
generally are,not paralyzed, nor its prospects
clouded by any great physical calamities; and hence
its immediate wants can, without doubt, be provided
for in various ways.
One mode would be to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes, receivable for all public dues, but
without interest. These would differ from the draft,
or checks now in use, only as the latter are given
for immediate payment, and drawn on persons and
banks having public money sufficient to meet
them; and, consequently, the holders must be ex-
posed to the trouble and expense of presenting them
at the places whera payable.   Still they are nearly
