APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

J5ept. 1837*
25",'i CoxG....lst Sess.
Report of the Secretary- of the Treasury.
Sen. &H. of Reps.
prol.it .uon of both the latter, under severe pe-
nalties.
Our direct losses from cither collecting or depo-
site agents have always been comparatively small.
Those by the former, it is believed, have not
equalled those by the latter, though the latter, being
banks, have .usually in the end paid most of their
deposites. The losses by the former are also sup-
posed not to have exceeded one-fifth of those on the
bonds of merchants for duties, and probably not
one-eighth of those from the purchasers of public
lands, under the credit system.
Occasional and strict examinations of the money
on hand,- where large in amount, would furnish a
strong safeguard beyond the character of the offi-
cer, and the property of himself and sureties, and
which it might be provided should be made by a
committee of Congress, or in any other mode
deemed most eligible to constitute an effectual check.
The plans which have been explained as to fiscal
agsnts, are suggested for consideration, under a be-
lief that either is appropriate in the present posture
of affairs; that they require but slight changes in
our existing laws or usages; and, whatever objec-
tions can be adduced against them, will, at the
same time, be found to possess many signal advan-
tages.
They will not, so much as some other modes of
keeping the public money, expose the Treasury to
disappointments and delays, through a dangerous
partnership of interest, or the use of that money
for private or corporate purposes. As the vicis-
situdes of trade or speculation affect I he persons
who borrow from the public banking deposito-
ries, the evil consequences must sometimes in-
evitably reach and embarrass the Treasury it-
self. Nor, on the other hand, will these modes,
like our iormer one, cause frequent injury to those
who, trading on the revenue of the Govern-
ment, are subject to be most pressed to refund it,
when least able. It is believed, likewise, that the
funds of the Treasury can be always more readily
commanded in a legal currency, and the hopes of
its creditors not defeated, nor its faith violated so
often, if the money is not loaned out, either in full
or in part, but^as in other countries, is retained in
specie or its equivalent, and in the actual custody
of officers- exclusively fiscal. In other countries,
the public money is believed to be seldom, if ever,
chargeable to the Treasurer, till it is either paid
over on some draft, so that he can get credit for
the payment, (and which mode is practiced some-
what in England, as well as here, and extensively i
in France,) or lodged, not in deposite in any bank,
but in his own possession at the scat of Govern-
ment. In the former mode, the systems now pro-
posed, and especially the first one, would operats
so as to disburse at each point most of the public
money collected near, and would thus enable the
Treasury to command its resources with less de-
lay; the money not being previously paid over at
some distance, and to a separate set of agents, as
has usually been the practice here in the use of
banks; nor much of it transported inconveniently
to the capital, as has usually been the practice else-
where. This mode would thus possess one of the
greatest excellences in any fiscal system; which is,
to pay over quickest to the public creditor, and
with the least official complexity, whatever is col-
lected from the public debtor.
Besides these advantages, others would be, that
the money in the Treasury, under both of the
plans submitted, can always be more easily kept
down to moderate dimensions by reductions m the
revenue, and by temporary investments of an occa-
sional surplus, as there will be no antagonist
interest connected with it, wishing for loans and the
use of surpluses, and thus co-operating to prevent
a reduction.
The.existing establishments and officers, when-
ever convenient, would bo employed without a
double machinery or the organization of a new sys-
tem of agents. Executive control would be di-
minished rather than increased by them, because
any additional officers will be selected, not by the
P.i sident alone, nor the Treasury Department, as
the banks now are, but virtually be designated by
Congress, and the principal incumbents appointed
by (be consent o{ the Senate.   They would also
remove all grau.nl for the objection sometimes
urged agdinst the Iormer system, that the Executive
alone exercises an extensive patronage and great
moneyed influence through a host of bank presi-
dents, directors, and stockholders, scattered through
every section of the country, and selected without
the assent or check of either House of Congress in
any particular case, and making loans of the
public money from considerations merely political
or official. A very wide discretion will be thus
restricted, and a prolific source of suspicion and
imputation of favoritism and partiality be entirely
stopped.
The officers, under the plans proposed, will like-
wise be amenable exclusively to the General
Government, and not be embarrassed, like the
officers of the banks, by conflicting duties and
interests in respect to the States; nor involved in
those collisions, jealousies, and recriminations,
often attendant on that position.
The independent and harmonious action of each
Government in its appropriate sphere will thus be
more fully secured. The local institutions, as a
general principle, will be left to the care and uses
of the several States which established them, with-
out interference on the part of the General Govern-
ment, and to be regulated or discontinued, as deem-
ed most useful, under their own State policies, and
most conducive to the original purpose- ef their
creation. Nor would any general moneyed cor-
poration, aside from the grave doubts which exist
as to both its constitutionality and general expedi-
ency, have been likely in such a crisis as that of
the wai of 1S12, or perhaps that of the last spring,
to have proved a much safer public depository than
than those local institutions. Though • more con-
venient in form for fiscal purposes than they, and
free from some objections as to want of symmetry
and accountability which obtain against them, yet,
if chartered on usual principles, and judging iiom
experience here as well as abiuad, it must have
failed, in a trial like those, to have sustained eithei
our pecuniary operations, or its own, in strict good
faith and in due vigor.
Without entering into details to illustrate this po-
sition, it is necessary to notice only the single cir-
cumstance, that the Bank of England, during a
severe war, suspended specie payments near a
quarter of a century, and that neither of the two
United States Banks existed so as to be obliged to
encounter such a peril. But since the last spring,
the notes of the second one, to the amount of seve-
ral millions, have been allowed to sink into the
mass of irredeemable and depreciated paper, though
issued under all the high securities and sanctions
of a charter from the General Government, and
with very large funds, still under the control of of-
ficers and trustees deemed by the stockholders ex-
ceedingly skilful, and bound by both law and con-
tract to redeem those notes in specie, and on de-
mand.
The systems which have been proposed in this
report, if adopted, could not be expected to conti-
nue entirely exempt from losses by that unfaithful-
ness or casualty to which all trusts in human af-
fairs are exposed. But they may be surrounded
with strong safeguards, and would very probably
soon be enabled to answer in a satisfactory manner
every purpose of the Government, m its condition
so different in many respects from that which for-
merly existed, and which was the paramount cause
urged for the incorporation of our two former
United States Banks, its finances are not now
burdened with a national debt of from seventy to
one hundred and thirty millions, and, besides our
ordinary expenses, with the annual payment, on
account of principal and interest, of irom ten" to
sixteen million?, to be first widely collected, and
then transferred and disbursed at only a few points
on the seaboard. It is now with a yearly revenue,
reduced from thirty and forty millions to near
twenty, and piobably soon to be only sixteen or se-
venteen, and with a course of expenditure which
can readily be diminished so as not much, if any,
to exceed the revenue in a,natural state of business.
In large sections of our country, and in such a state
of business, this expenditure happens nearly and
very conveniently to correspond m amount with
the receipts in the same sections.
We are, likewise, reposing m peace, with very
superior means of communication, whether by
mail or personal intercourse, and with a greatly in-
creased and increasing portion of gold in the cur-
rency, to render distant transfers and payments
more easy. It is manifest, therefore, that our fiscal
concerns will be greatly lessened in amount as well
as difficulty, unless we shall be visited by wars or
other scourges, involving us in debts and embar-
rassments of an aggravated character, and which,
fortunately, no sufficient reason appears for antici-
pating at an early day.
Under the proposed arrangements, the transfers
from certain points could be often effected, when
required by the department for public purposes,
not only with ease, but so as greatly to facilitate
the domestic exchanges, in the mode of employing
drafts suggested in a subsequent portion of this
report. In a more natural and ordinary state of
receipts and expenditures, like that in 1834, the
transfers required to a great distance would not ex-
ceed two or three millions during the year; and
almost the whole of them were, at that time, in
such a direction as to yeld a profit, rather than be
expensive to the banks which made them.
If the Treasurer were required to receive pay-
ment m advance, at certain convenient points, for
all lands sold, as has once been the construction of
the act of 1820, the probability is, that very soon
all the unfavorable transfers rendered necessary
would become quite unimportant in amount, and
less expensive than the transportation of specie and
paper has been heretofore, from the distant land
offices to the nearest deposite banks, before much of
it was paid to the public creditors. It will be seen
that, by these modes of keeping the public money,
it would not be indispensable to employ any banks
as a prescribed part of the system, although it might
sometimes be convenient to use them as individuals
do, and as subordinate fiscal officers often do in
other countries, for the deposite and transfer of
large sums, and particularly for special deposites,
when looking merely to safety and an early occa-
sion to use the money.
No act of Congress, until the charter of the last
bank of the United States in 1816, required the
public money in the Treasury to be kept on depo-
site in any bank whatever. The whole subject
was left to the discretion of this department. Even
that charter permitted the Secretary of the Treasury
to remove the deposites from the Bank of the
United States, when he thought proper.
In the supplemental report from this department,
in 1834, on the keeping and disbursing of the pub-
lic money, a state of things ¡ike the present was ad-
verted to and considered. It was observed, in re-
gard to such an occurrence, that it will then " be-
come necessary to devolve these duties on some
receiver or collector already in office, or on some
safe agent not now in office, as has been the prac-
tice for years in this country in paying pensions at
convenient places, near which there was no State
bank or branch of the United States Bank, and as
has long been the usage in some countries of Eu-
rope, by having the revenue in certain districts
chiefly received, kept, and transmitted through pri-
vate agents and brokers."
But it was added, that " though the fiscal opera-
tions (if the Government could, undoubtedly, still
proceed through the personal agencies before men-
tioned," and without anyr banks, State or national;
yet "it would beat some inconvenience and in-
creafe of expense, unless remedied in a manner
that may hereafter be developed, and would not,
in the opinion of this department, and in the pre-
sent condition of things, be so eligible a system as
the present one; because banks, though exposed to
some dangers and evils, and though not believed to
be. necessary for the fiscal purposes of any Go-
vernment, and much less of one in the present hap-
py financial situation of ours, are frankly acknow-
ledged to be, in many respects, a class of agents
economical, convenient, and useful."
The use of Slate banks had then been adopted,
and was proceeding satisfactorily. For more than
two years after, it continued to be in successful ope-
ration, so far as regarded both convenience and
safety. But now, most of the State banks have
ceased to pay specie even for their own notes, and
