10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837,
£5th Cong...1st Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
opinion in various quarters of the Senate, that
there was a disposition to take up this bill as well
as the bthsrs. And, especially, as he understood
that the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Webster) wished to deliver his views in regard to
the bill, he would most cheerfully withdraw his
motion. Whatever the inconvenience which might
result to himself, he was perfectly willing to bear
with it, and to give way to the general sentiment
of the. body. His decided opinion, however, was,
that ,the action demanded of Congress, on all these
measures was not simply and merely to put the
Government in motion again, but to provide im-
mediate and effectual relief for the people in pre-
ference to affording aid, in the first place, to Go-
vernment. This object, he thought, was not very
likely to be accelerated by taking up this or that
bill; but he would accede, most cheerfully, to the
general sense of the House, and withdraw his mo-
ti®n.
Mr. WEBSTER rcse, and said that the impor-
tance of-the present crisis, and the urgency of this
occasion, was such as to lead him earnestly to de-
sire that some measures «if adequate relief might
come from the quarter which alone had the power
to effect any thing, by the majority it commanded.
Much.as I differ from them, (said Mr. W.) I would
be glad to accept any measure of substantial relief
which they might bring forward. I think, sir, I see
such a necessity for relief as never before, within
my recollection, has existed in Ihis country, and I
regret to be obliged to say that the measures pro-
posed by the President, in his Message to Congress,
and reiterated by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his report to the same body, only regard one object,
and are, in their tendency, only directed to one
branéh of partial relief. The evils, however, under
which the community now suffers, (said Mr. W.)
though related, and of the same family, aie yet ca-
pable of distmct consideration. In the first place,
there are the wants of the Treasury, arising from
the stoppage of payments and the falling oiT of the
revenue. Thi-? is an exigency requiring the con-
sideration of Congress; it is an evil threatening to
suspend the functions of at least one Department of
the Government, unless it be remedied. Another,
and a greater evil is, the prostration of credit, the
interruption brought upon all business transactions,
arising from the suspension of all the local banks
throughout the country, with some few and trifling
exceptions. Hi-nee lias proceeded a prostration oi
the local cuiMicy, and a serious obstruction and
difficulty thrown in the way of buvin? and soiling.
A third want is, the want of an accredited paper
madium, equal to specie, having equal credit over
all parts of the country, capable of serving for the
payment of di Us and carrying on the internal busi-
ness of the country throughout and between the
different and distant sections of this great Union.
These thrse evils, though they are coexistent and
cognate in their being, cannot be met by the same
measures of rMief; if relief is given to the one, it
does not follow that you will relieve the others ; if
you replenish the Treasury, and thus bring a reme-
dy to that evil, this brings no relief to the disorder-
ed currency. And again: if the local currency is
relieved,-it does not supply the other want, namely,
that of a universally accredited medium.
It has, no doubt, struck the country generally,
that the most i- nortant objection to the Message is,
that it says nothing about relief to the country, di-
rectly and mainly; the whole amount of the propo-
sition it contains relates to the Government itself;
the interest of the community is treated as collate-
ral, incidental, and contingent. So in the commu-
nication made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the state of the currency, the condition in which tlie
commerce and trade of the country now are, is not
looked at ;ii a prominent anú material object. The
Secretary's re; ■; rl, as «ell as the Message itself,
exslusively regards the intetest of the Government,
forgetting, or passing by the people. The outpour-
ings of the Secretary, which are very considerable
in quantity, are under seven heads, the exact
number of the seven vials of which we read: but
the contents of none of these is concocted or pie-
pared in reference to the benefit of the community;
all the medicine is intended for the Government
Treasury, and there is none for the sickness and
disease of society, except collaterally, remotely, and
by-the-by. It is, however, to the credit of the Pre-
sident that he has given, in an unequivocal and in-
telligible manner, his reasons for not recommend-
ing a plan for the relief of the country; and they
are that, according to his view, it is not within the
constitutional province of Government. I confess
(said Mr. W.) this declaration is to me quite as-
tounding, and I cannot but think that, when it
comes to be considered, it will produce a shock
upon the whole couhtry. This avowed disregard
of the public distress, upon the ground of alleged
want of power; this exclusive concern for the inte-
rest of Government and revenue; this broad line of
distinction now, for the first time, drawn between
the interests of the Government and the interests of
the people, must certainly present a new era in our
politics. For one, (said Mr. W.) I consider the
Government as but a mere agency; it acts not for
itself, but for the country; and the whole end and
design of its being is to promote the general inte-
rests of the community. Peculiar interests, selfish
interests, exclusive regard for itself, are wholly in-
compatible with the objects of its institution, and
convert it from its true character as an agency for
the people, into a separate dominant power, with
purposes and objects exclusively its own.
Holding, Mr. President, opinions on this sub-
ject, and being prepared to stand by and maintain
them, I am certainly rejoiced at the clear shape
which the question has at last assumed. Now, he
that runs may read; there are none but can see
what the question is: is there any duty incumbent
on this Government to superintend the actual cur-
rency of the country? has it any thing to do beyond
the regulation of the gold and silver coin? In that
state of mixed currency which existed when the
Constitution was formed, and which has existed
ever since, is it or is it not a part of the duty of
the Government to exercise a supervisory care and
concern over that which constitutes by the greater
part of that currency I
In other words, may this Government abandon
to the States and to the local banks, without control
or supervision, the unrestrained issue of paper for
circulation, without any attempt on its own part to
establish a paper medium which shall be equiva-
lent to specie, and universally accredited all over
the country? Or, Mr. President, to put the question
in still other words, since this Government has the
regulation of trade, not only between ihe United
States and foieign States, but between the several
States themselves, has it nevertheless no power
over that which is She bkísí important and essen-
tial agent or instrument of trade, the actual circu-
lating medium? Now, Mr. President, on these
questions, as already said, I entertain sentiments
wholly different from those which the message ex-
presses.
It is, (said Mr. W.) in my view, an imperative
duty imposed upon this Government by the Con-
stitution, to exercise a supervisory care and con-
trol over all that is in the country assuming the na-
ture of a currency, whether it be metal or whether
it be paper; all the coinage of the country is placed
in the power of the Federal Government; no State,
by its stamp, can give value to a brass farthing.
The power to regulate trade and commerce be-
twe?n the United States and foreign or Indian na-
tions, and also between the respective States them-
selves, is expressly conferred by the Constitution
upon the General Government. Now, it is clear
that ths power to regulate commerce between the
States carries with it, not impliedly, but necessarily
and directly, a full power of regulating the essen-
tial element of commerce, viz: the currency of the
country, the money, which constitutes the life and
soul of commerce. We live in an age when paper
money is an essential element in all trade between
the States; its use is inseparably connected with all
commercial transactions. That it is so, is now
evident, since by the suspension of those instilu-
t-ons from which this kind of money emanates, all
business is comparatively at a stand. Now, sir,
(said Mr. W.) what I maintain is simply this, that
it surely is the duty of some body to take care of
the currency of the country; it is a duty imposed
upon some power in this country, as is done in
every other civilized nation in the world.
I repeat, sir, that is the duty of some Govern-
ment or other to supervise the currency. Surely
if we have a paper medium in the country, it ought
only to exist under the sanction and supervision of
the Government of the country. Now, sir, if the
General Government does not exercise this super-
vision, who else, I should like to know, is to do it?
Wbo supposes that it belongs to any of the State
Governments, for example, to provide for or regu-
late the currency between New Orleans and New
York?
The idea has been thrown out that it is not the
duty of the Government to make provision for do-
mestic exchanges, and the practice of other Go-
vernments has been referred to; but I think in this
particular a great mistake has been committed. It
is certainly far otherwise in England: she provides
for them most admirably, though by means not per-
haps altogether m our power. She and other na-
tions, however, provide for them, and it is plain
and obvious that if we are to have a paper medium
of general credit in this country, it must be under
the sanction and supervision of the Government.
Such a currency is itself a proper provision for ex-
changes. If there be a paper medium always equi-
valent to coin, and of equal credit in every part of
the country, this itself becomes a most important
instrument of exchange. Cnriency and exchange
thus become united: in providing for one, Govern-
ment provides for the. other. If the Government
will do its duly on the great subject of the curren-
cy, the mercantile and industrious classes will feel
the benefit through all the operations of exchange.
No doubt some modes of establishing such a cur-
rency may be mors favorable to exchange than
others; but by whatever mode established, such a
currency must be useful to a great extent. The
question, therefore, conies to this: whether \vc are
to have such a medium. I understand there are
gentlemen who are opposed to all paper money;
who would have no medium whatever in circula-
tion but gold and silver. Now this, at all events,
is an intelligible proposition; but as to those who
say that there may be a paper medium, and yet
that there shall be no such medium universally re-
ceivable, and of general credit, however honest the
purposes of such gentlemen may be, I cannot per-
ceive the sanity of such views; I cannot compre-
hend the utility of their intentions; I can have no
faith, sir, in any such systems. Now I would ask
this plain question: whether any one imagines that
all the duty of Government, in respect to the cur-
rency, is comprised in merely taking care that the
gold and silver coin be not debased? If this be all
its duty, that duty is performed, for there is no de-
basement of them; they are good and sound. If
this is all the duty of Government, it has dyne its
duty; but if Government is bound to regulate com-
merce and trade, and consequently to exercise over-
sight and care over that which is the essential ele-
ment of all the transactions of commerce, then
Government has done nothing.
I shallnot, however, (said Mr. W.) enter into this
question to-day, nor, perhaps, on any early occa-
sion: my opinions upon it are all well known, and
I leave it with great confidence to the judgment of
the country, only expressing my strong conviction
that until the people do make up their minds, and
cause the result of their conclusions to fee carried
into effect by their representatives, there will be
nothing but agitation and uncertainty, confusion
and distress, in the commerce and trade of the
country.
I shall now (continued Mr. W.) confine myself
to a few remarks on the bill before us, and not de-
tain the Senate longer than will be strictly neces-
sary to give a plain statement of my opinion.
This measure is proposed in order to provide for
the wants of the.Government. 1 agree that this is a
necessary object; but the question is whether this
bill is the proper mode of making such a provision.
I do not think it is, though others may think diffe-
rently: if this is indeed ¡he best mode, I should wish
to see it carried into execution, for relief is wanted,
both by the Treasury and by the country—but first
and chiefly by the country.
I do not say that by the law providing for this de-
posit , the States have any fixed right to it: I prefer
to put the matter entirely on the footing of conve.
