u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cc>NG....lst Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Preston.
Sept. 183?.
Senate.
until it became necessary for him to usa them, but
afterwards bearing an interest of five per cent and
redeemable at the pleasure of the States. At this
very moment such certificates would command a
premium in the market, and would be equal to
gold and silver. The Treasury might have been
replenished by thmr sale, and we might suffer the
deposite law to take its course.
Mr. B. said, however much ingenuity might at-
tempt to disguise this Question, the result was, that
■we must now determine whether we will borrow
the amount of the fourth instalment, eithei in the
form of Treasury notes or DV a direct loan, and
pay interest upon it, in order thkt we may depo^i-1
it with the States for safe-keeping, and without in-
terest. This was the plain and simple proposition.
It "was the result of all the argument. What man,
in his senses, ever contracted a deblm order that he
might deposite the amount oí ilwithhisneighborfor
safe-keeping? And is the Federal Government to be
guilty of this absurdity'' Are we, as the trustees of
the people of the United States, to manage their
concerns so unwisely as to involve them in a debt,
and collect taxes from them to pay it for any such
pmpose? However much the States might desire
to receive this fouith insialment, and wha level at-
tempts might be made to excite popular feeling nnon
this subject, he had full onfirtjee that his constitu-
ents would approve his vote upon ihi« bill.
Mr. B said that he I new very well that this was
a «ubject well calculated to enlist the feeling-, of
Senators. The instalment might be deposited with
t*ne S'ates against his vote. In that cent, he
should bow most cheeifully to the will of the nv
jonty. Indeed, ¡here was one consideration v.Inch
had induced him to endeavor to bring himself to
this conclusion; and nothing but a conviction of
imperious duty had stood in the wiy. He knew
that the greater amount of Tieasury notes «Inch
we issued, the gieater would be the ri'ipf to the
community. Whatever amount might he issued
would be equal, m this respect, to th« creation of
so much gold and silver. Thev would assist in
regulating the exchanges, both foie'gn and domes-
tic. They would go to Europe m payment of our
debt, and thus prevent the transportation of the
precious metals. If this bill should not pass, their
amount would be increased several millions; and
thus additional relief would be afforded to the pub-
lic. But hsvvever much he might desire, and how-
ever much he did cfesno this result, he could not
consent to boirow money on the f.nlh of ¡V Uni-
ted States, not to cany m* > effect the let'ilnmie
purposes of the Govei'imenl, but to place it on de-
posite with the sever.il Stales
In answer to Mr. Buciuvtv—
Mr. WEBSTER, having obtained and examined
the act of 1815, said- The honoiab'e member from
Pennsylvania had been kind enough to sav that I
do not often get into difficulties m debate, and
that when I do, I generally extucate m\«elf better
than I have done on the present ocraM n. He
partakes m the supposed triumph of his fi lend from
New York, (Mr. Wright,) in having proved me
incorrect when I said that this Government had
never issued such paper money as the Secretary
has now recommended. Now, sir, although I am
pleased to see the happiness which the gentleman
enjoys; yet I believe I must dash it a htlle. Most
assuredly, sir. it authorizes no such paper as is
now proposed. I was p-Tsuaded it could not, as I
have a pretty good recollection of t!   proceedings
of Congress on such subjects at that time.
The law of If 15 authored the rssup of two
classes of Treasury notes: 1st, such as bore no in-
terest, but which, the v°ry hour they were í-sucd,
might be funded in a seven per cent, sto k, to 1 e
redeemed ¡ike other stocks of the Government. Od.
Treasury notes beiring an interest of five and two-
fifths per cent, capable oí being funded m like
manner, in a six per cent, stock These stocks
were to be issued on application by any commis-
sioner of the revenue in any State. Now, what
comparison is there between either of these classes
of Treasury notes and those recommended by the
Secretary which bear no interest, and for which no
fixed redemption is provided1
I affirm again, therefore, sir, all that I have said,
namely, that the notes recommended bv the Ttea-
strr" are regu'arjrapT issoe*-, l.ke be o>' em'ss ons
of Coi.gress and the Strtes hefVie l',e adoption of
the prpsent Co ^tituti n, and thr.t no precedent has
been found for t'<em, ?nd I am sure none can be
found, in tbepraebce of this Government.
Mr. BfJCHAN'VN sa.d he did not think'the Se-
nator, with all his insenmtv, had got out of the dif-
ficult}-. Under the sec'ion of the law of 1815,
which he hadjust read, Treasury notes were to be
issued without interest; thev weie to cu cútate as a
currency without interest, they might continue to
circulate for yeais without mteiest. It did not
alter the esse ll at the holder of them ,>bove a cer-
tain amount had the privilege of funding them, 3"d
converting them into a sio'-k beairngin'ciesl. This
interest did not commence fiom the date of their
issue, but from ttie tune they ?ce funded. All
t .e tiuethpy remained in ci cida'ion, they were
Treasurv notes-nithoi't jn'ciest. Th?v weie what
the Senator fi om Mrssach isetts had supposed never
w?s issued under the present Con- ítution Mr. B.
honeicr, agieed with t'*c Scn.iu r that at this time
no Treasury notes ought to be ¡«sued «hich did
not bear interest.
Mr. CALHOUN sa.d that he w is decidedly of
the irror s .\,n that, uncW the circuiubt mees of the
c-isc, this postponement ought to be mane. The
object oí the deposMe law was to draw the levenue
out ofth jri sp of the Government, and to restore
it to tKo e to u t.oin it ought to be re'toied. And
noiV, when thee ira: no surplus, it was not con-
trary to the purpose of that law to wuhho'd it. But
the icsponsibility of doing so would rest on gentle-
men of the admmisliation, and those ot the oppo-
sition who made last year tin extrpvagant appro-
priations of ¡¡532,000,000, exceeding the estimate of
the Secietarv of the IVasury. They were then
told of the foil} of racing the rce'i'ie, -rnd ofnis-
in" the disbursements The '-s-1* t w " ..s t ¡>t
the GovriiiuiP'ii \,,i bankiimt. Weie they neier
to tool; ahead u'ui see the difheu'ties that thieatened
then?
Another ei? had now aristn. The} had got
through with the surplus, and Mi. C. trusted they
were through with extravasan'appropnations. If
they did not economise and retrench, he saw a new
age commencing, peihaps that f Treasury notes,
u hen the compromise act would be annulled, the
high tariff revived Bul Mr. C. would agres that
the fourth deposite should be withheld, since that
taw had fulfilled its main purpose, and smce a new
series of pxiiava-'ances Mas now io anse, rn'.ess
they he >t a "ood Im'.oul
Mr. BUC1IAN \.N offcrel the ¡ollowing amend-
ment, to be insetu'd at the end oí toe but-
" PtovU'ed, That the thrpe firstnistilinents under
the s ud act shall i cmain on deposite Willi the States
until otherwise direr pd bv Coagicss-'—
Mr. NÍLCS said he must ask for the veas and
nays on the amendment, and was sorry it hat! be. n
offeied. If it was to be fully con*id->red, it would
lencw the debate on the d pos,tc act, as n wen* to
•Jiarrge the essential pnneip'es and terms oí that
act A majority of those \«ho vu'el foi th'Hact,
about  which  there   had been so much «a u ,>n 1 si
much misrep tsenlalion, had professed to iofi.nl *t__
rud lie roulil not doubt ibat at the time they did so
leraid it—as simplv a deposite law; as mereb
changüí™ the place of deposite from the banss to
the States, so fat as related to the surplus Th 
monev was still to be in the Treasury, and h ibte to
le dravin out, in'.h crtam limitations £>ml rrstne-
t'oi.s, I y t!ie ordinary appronnation la vs, « .thout
trie ciiuct acl'on of Congivss. The amendment, if
a loptcd, will eh uige the pi incip cs of the depc Site
act, and the condition of the m< "if v dep„s ted with
th° States under '¡. [t w,ü no longer be a deposite;
it mil not be in the Tieasu, v, cm m point of ¡eral
effect or f *iuv the deposite mil be changed to a loan,
or peihaps, more p'opcrly, a grant to the States'
The rights o! the United State' will be changed to a
mere claim, like that rgainst thp late Bank of the
United States, and a claim without any means to
enforce it. We were charged at the time ot making
a distribution of ¡he pnblic revenue to the States, m
the disguise and foim of a deposite; and this amend-
ment, it appeared to him, would be a very bold step
tow arda confirming the truth of that charge. He
deemed  the amendment an important one, and
highly objecnona'; but he saw that that Senate
were prepared to adopt it, and he would not pursue
the discussion, but content himself with repeating
his request for the ayes and noes on the question.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had not imagined this
amendment would meet with opposition. He
wished to know if it was right and proper that the
Secretary should be made re-ponsible for not call-
ing upon the States for this money, as the law re-
quired him to do's The condition of the States was
such that the Secretaiy cannot make such call upon
them. He (Mr. B.) was therefore desirous to re-
lieve him from th's embarrassment. The substi-
'ut.ng Congress instead of the Secretary would not,
Mr. B. thought, make any change in the nature of
the fund.
Mr. CALHOUN said he fuUy concuned m the
pío, oscd amen '.ment It was due to the Slates, in.
then soveieign capacity, not to subject themselves
to be calitd upon foi the money by any other au-
thority than Coiigiess.
The questioa was then taken on the amendment
offeud by Mi. BUCHANAN, and the yeas and
nays being called foi, w eie as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Eajard, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cta} ton, Crittenden, Fulli n,
Grundy, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Geoigia,
Kn ght, Lina, Lyon, Morn , Nicholas, Norvell,
Preston, Robbais, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Strange, Swift, Tallniadge, Wall,
Wetster. Wh te, Williams, Young—33.
NAY3—Mes is. Benton, Cla> of Alabama,
Hubbard, Niles, Pieno, Riv&=, Roane, Rugglcs,
S"iith of Connecticut, Tiple n, Walker, Wright—.
12
Mr. TALLMADGE then moved as an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert, m substance, as follows: "The money depo-
s '"d uilh the Stales shall remain in deposite until
otheiH ise d r cted ty Cuigre-s. '
Mi. TALLMADGE made a few brief remarks
in suppoit of this amendment, which he said em-
braced the substance of the amendment offered by
the Senator frrm Pennsylvania, (Mr. Buchanan.)
The yeas and nays being ordered, the question
was taken on Mr. TALLMADGE'S amendment,
and decided m the negative, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ba}ard, Clayton, Crittenden,
Fulton, Kent, Knight, Lyon, Nicholas, Norvell,
Preston, Robbms, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Swift, Tallmadge. Tipton, Webster, White—18.
NAY'S—Messis. Allen, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calnoun. Clay of Alabama, Grundy,
Hubbard. King of Alabama,King of Georgia, Linn,
Mci.iS, Nilcs, Picice, Rues, Roane, Robinson,
R.ugg'ics, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Wa'kei, Wall, Williams, Wright, Young—27.
The question on engrossing the bill, as amended,
and oidenng it to a ihu J leading, m as then taken,
and decided in the afiiimaU\ e, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Men, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
(-.mndv, Hubbri'd, K.ng of Alabama, King of
Ge ngia, L nn, Morr's, Niks, Tierce, Rives, Roane,
R->b"i=on, lluggles, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Strin".", Walkei, Wa'l, William , Wright—27.
NAYS—Mesis. Bavard, Clayton, Crittenden,
Ken*, Knight, Lion, Nicholas, Noivcll, Preston,
Rcbbms, Sm.th of Indiana, Southard. Swift, Tall-
niadge, Tipton, "Webster, White, Young—18.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. NICHOLAS,
Adjourned.
DEBASE  IN THE SENATE.
In Senate, Inda i, September 15, 1837—On the bill
to pos'pone the pa\ ment of the Fourth instalment
of the Deposites with the States—
The bill to postpone indefinitely the payment of
the fourth msia'ment of the deposite bill, was read
a third time; and the question being upon its pas-
sage—
Mr. PRESTON, of South Carolina, said he
should not nou undertake to make a formal oppo-
sition to this bill, as he understood its to have been
decided on me second reading, and it might be con-
sidered as having already passed. He thought,
however, it ought to have met with more discos 
