Sept. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Payment of fourth instalment—Mr. Calhovn—Crittenden.
Senate.
sion than had taken place upon it, ard we would
therefore beg the indulgence of the Senate whi'e
he briefly expressed his opinion upon Us merits.
The first mqury he should make was, whether a
case had been made out justifying the withholding
oí this instalment of the deposite with the States;
and, secondly, he would inquire if, mpposing the
case had arrived, this was the proper and the most
advisable course to bs adopted to assist in replen-
ishing the Treasury.
My opinion (said Mr. P.) decidedly is, that the
casus/«tin is has not arrived foi Coligiese to en-
cioach uuon the fund set aside for deposile vvuh
the States, and I further am of opinion that, even
if it had now arrived, yet this is not the course by
which we shall best consult the interests of the
country, m attempting to bi mg brief relief to the
Treasury.
Let us briefly consider the history of the deposite
act. That act was passed cc ntemporaneously with
other acts of most prodigal expenditure. We had
a surplus which we knew not how 10 dispose of.
To expend—to get rid of our overflowing funds,
was then the order of the day We were in the
full tide of an inauspicious piospenty, and the De-
partmentswerestimulated an 1 goided on to find oat
how much they could spend, white thu majority m
Congress seemed to be employed in finding out how
much they could give The Departments asked
for twenty millions, and Congres , eager to get rid
of the surplus, outstripped even their extravagant
demands, and gave them thirty nulhons. Then it
was, sir, that this deposite bill was originated. It
went hand in hand wit b'lts of the most extrava-
gant and prod'gal expenditure.
Wow, sir, under these circumstances, when we
give so prodigally to the Departments, at a time of
high prices, it is well woith our xt hue to mquue
whether the time has not arrived to lop r Tand cui-
tad írorn om etp'iidiime, rat iei tl> m 'o v nhliold
this instalment from the States. I am of op m m
we might save the nine millions of this instalment
by curtailing the extiavagant expenditures of the
Departments, and so pay the instalment—not by
distressing the States m withholding it, but by in-
troducing a wholesome measure of letrenchment
in the expenditure of Government.
This, sir, is the giound I take, namely, that it
would be far better to curtail out expenditure than
to stop the payment of this instalment.
Again, I would asir, does the proposition embra-
ced in this bill go to íeh >ve m any manner the
picssure upon the people"! Not in th  least, s,r
Neithei will the Government place itself in funds
by the opeiation of this law Theb<mks have laid
violent hands on the deposites; they will pay them
no longer in the medium they were expected to pay
them in. Of what use, then, will this bill be to
Government? The menej is locked up m the
banks, and the wildest enthusiast in favoi of tli s
measure would notgo so far as to say that the meie
fiat of this body, a bill such as this, is going to fill
the country with gold and silver. We have not got
the magician's wand, by one touch of which we
can make the gold comeiorthfromitshidingplaces.
We may call, indeed, by our enactments, the
spirits from the vasty deep, but will they come
when you do call them' Will monej be obtained for
the Government when you pass this bill' No, s,r;
we all know that tlusbdl will bring no money into
the Tieasury.
It would be better, therefore, under such circum-
stances, to let the law go on, and let the States re-
ceive the whole of the deposi e The States, s r,
are willing to take the instalment m the onlj me-
dium in winch the State institutions are able to pay
it. They are not going, at this cns'S, to clamor for
a haul money currency. They will be satisfied
with receiving the State currcnev, their own do-
mestic currency. But the Piesident sajs, "No,"
and by passing this bill, according to his recom-
mendation, you will not let them receive a cuiren-
cy which they are willing to leceive. The amount
oí" the instalment now m the banks would be useful
in that currency, to them, for they would gladly
leceive it, but it will be of no use whatever to the
Government, for the Government will not receive
it. Then, sir, if I may use a homely similitude,
bv such  an enactment as this, you act the part of
the dog m the manger; yon will not take the money
of the Staler yourselves, and you wiil not lei tnein
have it, though th°y wish to receive it. Is tlvs a
noble or even a politic pioceedmg? Is this v our
reforming the cum ncy1 Is this aiding and reliev-
ing the embarrassments of the people, to stamp a
bad name upon fheir curiency, to refuse to receive
it yourselves, to pass laws fix ng a stigma upor> it,
an-1 then to forb d others to receive if
Again, sir there is another new which I think
ought to be taken of tins subject; and, had it re-
ceived its due consideration, siun a measure as this
could surely nevti h ive been proposed. In fifteen
days fiom now, this instalment will be due to the
States. They have already made their disposi'ion
of the money. Ii has been disposed of in vaiious
contracts, aid been directed to various gieat and
useful purposes; and now, "iid 'enlv, at this sliort
notice, the expected sum, the sum which the law had
pledge 1 to them, is, by anoiher law, to be withheld.
But, by the terms of the deposite Jaw, a specific
dme w as fixed upon and accorded to the Sta'es, m
which the Stateswere to have not ce of any demand
to be made upon them for th  sum d posited By
the law, theieioie, thei jie entitled to i l ohee be-
fore this fo'irdi nisffment can be witudrawn from
tnem For the; hate ahead? expmued it, and
tins bill to withhold it is equivalent in its action to
taking back the money liom them, without the no-
tice which the law piovided foi.
Mr P then pioccc'ed to «hnv that ther" uc e
Oilier and better methods oí ra'srng money k>i the
Tieasury, without íesorttng to this exj ali"nt,
which, while it would booneious and opjirtssne lo
the States, would be, at the same time, \ iriua'1}
useless and unproductive to the Government One
mode which he should point out was that of ,m
issue of ceiaficates ot deposite, winch would ram -
d ately piovjdt ..i  hblt fun o foi tn,> GoveMi-
Bi in v i ho t di i [,M"it \ i hht'lnig an >-
peeled and prom a nsuhiieiif Mr P jemtiked
that s ich a prov ísjonLcd been originally inserted m
the deposite bill, but he greatly regretted that, in
order tooveicome the prejudices of an illustnojs
person, and lo make the bill acceptable to him,
(the ¡ate Presided of the United States,) that p <>-
v ísioii had been süicken out of the bill, m oidei to
seeuie its passage and save it from his veto. Mi
P. remaiked that he should not permit himself
ni  to dwell upon *hat painful recollection, but
should content himself with merely expressing his
deep regiet that -so wise c""1! salmary a prov isn n
hal leen stmker out ot the bill from ccnsidua-
licais so individual, personal, and htt'e.
If (continued Mr P ) that wise and salutaiy
measur  had been carried out in the original de-
posite bill, we should not now be here The Se-
nate would not now be fatigued with its present
labor-, and all the tiovble we are now undergoing
would have bem avoikd T ie Treasura would
th<m have only had to throw the cert ncites >r to the
maiket to ia>sc what sum he íequired for the use
oí the Government. Such a course, sir, (observed
Mr. P ) would have b en enough and ample to pry
up the Gov e'nment out of the slough of e'espo id in
which now it i>- sunken Not only would it have
given funds to the Government, but abo it woud
have given relief to the people. It would have
thrown money into circulation, it would have
benefitted all parties. It would have been twice
I lessed, giv mg d uble relief both to the States who
gav e the certificates, and to the General Govern-
ment, v.lnch re eived them.
By this proposition to suspend or postpone the
payment of tic instalment, Mi P said, no one
will be benefitted. He would venture to suggest
how both parties might be benefitted and the issue
of Treasury notes might be av oided Let the clause
exscinded from the original deposite bill he le-
enacted, let the States issue their certificates, which
will be as good as specie to the Government. Let
the Stales nceive tins instalment, and lef the Trea-
sury receive the certificates, and sell them. In this
manner, instead of adding to the general distress of
tie trnvs, both parties would be eminently bene-
fitted Surely (said Mr. P ) those gentlemen who
vol 1 oar destinies is their hands, who carry all the
measures they please to imagine, good or bad—and
e (Mr. P ) was sorry to say he could not look
r-ck and call all their measures good, nor could
e lock at this measure and deem it either wise, or
good, or politic—surely, he would repeat, those
gentlemen ought to be willing to adopt such mea-
sures as would be the least distressing, the least
pamful, onerous, and disturbing, at a time of
general distress, such as the present, when we are
clled tcgethei to relieve, not to aggravate, to bene
fit, and not to injure, to heal, and not to take ven-
geance.
I entreat those gentlemen, therefore, said Mr.
P to take these things into consideiation; I entreat
them to give more time to the Slates, not to stop
the pav ment of thij ins'alment, I entreat them to
let the money go where it might almost be consi-
dered a vested right it should go. Mr P. concluded
by saying he w as sony to have detained the Senate
at this stage of the bill, he had not expected that
he could have weight enough to change the course
of the gentlemen of the majority, or to prevent the
passage of this disastrous bill All he had desired
was, to give bnef expression to Ins views of it.
He had now done so, and in doing so he felt that
he had done his duty.
Mi, CALHOUN said he thought it i-oukl be
better for his colleague (Mr Presi a) to make a
motion at once for tne reperl of unexpended appro-
priations to the amount of n ne mil inns of dollars,
the amount oí the instalment Th'ie would then
be ? s irplus to that extent, vv ueh n "ht go for the
payment of the fouilh ms'alment. It Mr P. felt
unv illing at this stage of the bill to make sush a
motion, he (Mi. C.) would agree to the laying of
the bill on tli' tab.e in ordei to give time He con-
fessed that the idea had occurred to him which his
colleague had just stated: but he did not sec any
probability of such a piopo-iition being attended
with success He had clo-e Ins utmost to stop the
c\trav i"--'/course pn Miel at 'V*iei seisnns in
g i-Hiij^ i ne ipp'o,,- atioiis Hs efforts hail been
unsuccessful, and now he thought there was still
less chance of gettiíg back that which it had not
been possible to prevent from being legislated
away. He agreed with Mr. P that it was entirely
useless to lock up this money. It would do no good
to the Gov eminent; when, if let go, it would do
good to the Slates
Mr. CRITTENDEN of Kentucky said he fully
concurred in the views just expressed by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, (Mr. Preston.) In the
State which he came from, he said, the general
op,mon was that retrenchment wa, wanting, and
ought to be exercised n the s.evrial Departments
of the Government Tne profusion to which they
were becoming habituated it was time should be
checked, and he (Mr C ) agreed with the honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina (Mr Preston,)
tin* now was the time, if ever, to put m force such
a necessary retrenchment He (Mr C) ceuld
not well t ndei >tand the reason why any other
couise should he reported to, for it ch-arly ap-
peared to him, that, by rropei retrenchment m the
expenditures of Government, enough, and more
t'^an enough m ght be curtailed from its superflu-
ous'' bur'emen's to make up the amiunt which
the ¡, i nif it of this instalment wouM require.
Bathe (Mr C ) w*s at a lOaS to understand what
object the Government could have in view by the
measure heie pioposed. Such was its tenacity of
a metallic currency, s 3 great was its abhorrence for
any other media, mat it refused to take, or acknow-*
ledge as available funds, the money of the country
and of the people. It could, therefore, get no
available funds by this bill. The banks could not
pa^ i's demands now in gold or silver, nor were
they hke'y to be able to do so for some time to
come Why, then, did the Government seek by
this bill to deprive the States of fund  which were
available to them, but which were altogether un-
available to the Government^ He could not com-
prehend the reasons and motives of such a mea-
sure. Iftnis bill would benefit the Government by-
making the sum it withholds from the States avail-
able to the General Government, there might be,
indeed, some reason ¡n it. But wbv, he asked,
take from the States that which would benefit them,
m order to hand it over to the General Govern-
ment, to whom it will confessedly be of no benefit
whatever?   The   State of   Kentucky, and otheV
