\6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2.*th C0NG....lSt SES3.
Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
costn wi ich I e claims o> tlir subject, and a'l
Ui t i"' <i*s 10 it, for ihe Govern"*ien< oí t le United
St i« h' w >'jld proceed at once to the inqu ry now
beiore Us, whether it would be proper to postpone
paying orer to the States the last instalment uvder
the deposite act This, instalment amounted to a
«mm excesding nine million"; of dollars The le-
port of the Secretiry of the Treasuiy informs us
tWat the money is not in the Treasury to pay the
instalment Even m the event ol the postp' nement
of this deposite with the States, there is- si ill a defi-
ciency m the re' cnne, which the Sccretaiy asks 'o
be supplied by the emission of Treasury notes. It
is, then, obvious, that if this instalment is to be paid
to the States on the Frst of Octobei next, it tan on'v
be effected by an omiss on of an add"ional amount
of Treasury notts bcaung mieiest, 01 m othtr
-words, by the creation of a new national debt,
arising ftom a new loan, in order to d posite the
amount for safe keep ng tilth the S'ates of this
Union. D^guise it then as w e may, the refusal to
pass this bill  s a deteiminat,on on mr part to bor-
row more than nine millions of doll irs on the credit
of the United States, to be deposited fo' vafe keep-
in  with the States oí this Union. The Constitu-
tion authorized us to boirow monev on the ciedit
of the United States—but for what object Clear]}
for no other than to carry into < (feet the powers
delegated by the Constitution But tint this Go-
vernment could borrow millions, w ithom limitation
as to the amount, for the pur) ose of depositing it
■with, or distributing it among the States, -«as to
clothe (his Government with the most ahrm ng
and despotic povers. If this Government can
make such a loan for such a puipose, the taxing
power is unlimited, foi by taxes only can it raise
the money to lcfund what it has borrowed Mi
W. «aid lie was one of a small muioi ty of six m
the Senate who had voted agams' tins deposite bill
lie had then predicted the disastious eons, quencos
that he thought would follow Irom the pj^pge of
this hill, and hn worst fears would be realized, if
now, when there was h deficit in the Tieasun,
when many of the public creditors had to be paid
m protested drafts on broken banks, a surplus was
ereated by loans for the purpose of depositing
among the States of the Union.
Mr. W. said he well knew the voracious chaiacter
of the surplus spirit; that it was ready to keep up
the tariff, to keep up the price of the public lands,
and to refuse all relief to the settlers of the West
iot tlwpnrposeof creving a surplus iordistr bimon,
but h  could  *ca>rely   h,u<  beheved lint   no ,
when we must in any eum r pH'ish, In   Icpns,
an exhausted Troasmi, th-t new loans are asked
for to the amount of n-n<  mill ons for dish ibtitioi
—loans lo be irfi nded,  if not fiom the lands, oi
the West, from the  tanff, bv which Wi-sissmpi
now   nearly the greatest exporting State ot 'in is
Union, will receive but about one fouith as much
as she will he compelled to refund by the opera-
tion of the l-iriff—-ieducing th-pnce oí Wi g-e-u
suo.'e  to ennch the meorpoived   monopolist  of
other sect.ons of lh« Urn >n      Mr, W   -udh-must
b« blind md-ed,   who   did   not  p>ieer-e, that lo
rave, bv  loans, nine millions for deposite with the
S'-tos, is, to the extent of mnemi'lions, to lender
it reoes,ai> to augment the tariff     It jS fue, we
link of reitmg hack this money from the States
whilst i majonn of trie Senate, as b  (Mr W )
thought, most unwis>h,have past t-ken iiom the
Secretan (t the Trevmiy the auuWn   when he
,ioss «soq, under the deposite act, to cal' upon the
Siatf- to refnd any portion of t'^e money already
deposited     Ard no.v,  (Mr   W   prod cted ) that
Coi-ress nevei would make any uqms.'ion opon
the  States  for  tf is  monev, but that when it was
warned, sue St sth  wo ,ld b- compelled fo raise it
througn th-> op«n\on of the tanft.     Could any
man doubt mis resu't, when  so bold an effort was
now made tt induce the Government  to borrow
money to pay the last instalment to tne States.
i^iu the Senator irom South Caro1 ma (Mr Pres-
ton) tell, us that we can obtain this money tor
deposue among tbfe State, by i^a'aig some of the
appropnahoj WM s,r, i|le Senator from South
Carolma (Mr Calhoun) ha- most ilea-1, shown
the impossibility of obte«i0< « repeal ol ¡a«s
pwtly eseeuteá, passed by large ma,o a,es ,n both
h n se or Co> ficss But if t' e appropriation bills
vere r*pe?'c"' to in 'row to the extent proposed, it
would not p ,t one dollar in the Treasuiy, now
exhausted, nor enable the Gov eminent on the first
of October next, now at hand, to deposite these
nine millions with the States of the Union; for, in
the calcnlat on of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the expenditure ot fifteen millions of these appro-
priations is postponed till nett year But we have
Leen told by the Senatoi fiom Massachusetts, (Mr
Webster,) that thisamiuntmay be paid to the States
by the money in the deposite banks, whose paper
would be gladly recuved by the States m which
they are located It has been already shown by
the Senator from New York, (Mr "Wnght,) that
the entire money now in the deposite banks subject
to new drafts, is not enough, by more than a m 1-
lion, *o meet the required amount of the Hst depo-
st'e instalment , but if it were enough, let us
etamme the effect of this proposition. It is to
pay the States in the paper of the deposite banks,
by new issues of papei by those banks to an
amount exceeding nine millions of dollars—to put
out, m other woids, more than nine millions of
depreciated bank paper, issued by banks that have
suspeneled specie payments. And is this ihe lehef
the Senator fiom Massachusetts would extend to
the community? Sir, (said Mr. W) nearly all
the emb irra-sments of the community have been
occasioned by the vast over-issues of paper by the
buiks, papei which they cannot now redeem in
specie, and which has depreciated from ten to
thuty per cent, m various sections of the Union
Is it not clearly perceived that this would gieatly
increase the embanas^ments of die community'
that it would add greatly to the present enormous
mass of depiecnted paper' tnat it would still
further deprecíale all the paper of all the banks
imkmg the new emissions, postpone foi a long
time, it not indefinitely, lb. lcsumption of speCie
p u ments by the bpnks, by augmenting ueailj one-
thud the amount of their depreciated paper, and
thus, al«o, disable them from extending the least
indulgence to their debtors by this vast mciease ol
then circulation, imposing the coitespondent obi -
gation of calling in then debts as ramdly as possi-
ble to the same amount' It (said Mr. W ) this
pioposition of the Senator from Massachusetts be
a part and portion of the plan of the opposition for
relieving the embarrassments of the country, he
had no cunositj to hear the remamdei of their
proposition
Mr PRESTOS leplied it some length, (chiefly to
in- arguments of Mr Blown,) he denied that he
had said, if there w is no money m 'he Treasury, it
«as better to create a loan than withhold these de-
posites. What he maintained was, that ihe fourth
instalment should go to the States in good faith,
and that if the Treasury was empty, and there was
that pressing demand for money which had been
represented, that they had better call upon the States
to refund the fir^t and second instalment, recording to
the provisions of the deposite law, giving the States
the legal notice, n it, by withholding this instalment,
disturb their domesilc airangeoients, and subject
them to so much inconvenience He had said, and
would st 11 saj, that it would be a violation of a
pledge to tb° Plates, and he would stake his eha-
lartei asa lawjeron the soundness o{ that asser-
tion
The gentlemin (Mi Blown) hid said he did not
believe in this genera! d'sti ess, foi his part he vt as
glad that m all this wide-spread calnn ty that gen-
tleman vas evempt from it, but neither the S'ate he
represented, nor himself had the good fortune lo
be so situated—thev came m for their full share.
Someth-nghad bet nsaid "about being tned of nos-
trum  " Theadmmistiationpaity had ihe destiny of
'his naticn in their hands, and it wis their duty to
produce cuie= ior the evils they had inflicted Mr
I . said he belonged to a portion of a small anJ
helpless rrinontv, that could do nothing but advise
and warn,—md had ¿hat advice been taken, the
country vvou'd not have been m its present situa-
tion; we should not have been convened here at
this time, and hadpiojei  for issuing Treasury notes
and withholding instalments. Mi P. understood
we were to have an entire currency of gold and
silvsr; and now we were presented with a plan for
Tieasiuy notes. Did not that look more like nos-
ti urns'" Yes, the nation had been depleted, bled,
and drenched with waim water,upon the true San-
grado principle, till it was weak and powerless.
When it was prosperous the gentlemen of the ad-
ministration pointed triumphantly to the ship of
Stale, and said' See the effect of ocr policy " There
was the gallant bpik, wth her wide ,ails spread,
skimm ng hei w ay over the smooth and glassy
ocean of prosperity—hercievi blithesome and joy-
ous, and songs of mirth and gladness resounding
from hei deck—w hat a goigeous spectacle' Sud-
denly the scene i  changed—the sails are rent, and
hang flapping against the yards, and the spars
and masts drop p ecemeal trom the hull, she is
overwhelmed before the crew are raised from the
giddy íapture, and this was the effects of expen-
ment—of nosh ¡mis. The evils of the experiment re-
main Would to God he could get rid of the ex-
perimenter'
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
Or Missouri,
In: Sfnaif, Monday, Sept   18, 1837.
Mr. BENTON said he should not have risen m
this debate, had it not been foi the imsapprehen-
S'ons which seem to pervade the minds of some
Senators as to the charactei of the bill. It is call-
ed by some a paper-monev bill, and, by others, a
bill lo germinate a new nitional debt. These are
senous imputations, and require to be answered,
not by declamation and recrimination, but bj facts
and reaoons, addressed to thccandoi, and to the
intelligence, of an cnligh'ened and patriotic com-
muii'ty.
Idiseutfiom the i \putation on the character
of the bill. I mamtain that it is neither a paper-
money bill, nor a bill to lay the foundation for a
new national debt, and will briefly give mv reasons
fur believing as I do on both points
There ale ceitamly two classes of Treasury notes
—one for investment, and one for circulation, and
both classes are known to our laws, and possess
distinctive features which define thur. respective
characteis, and confine them to iheir respective
uses.
The notes for investment beai an interest suffi-
cient to írduce capitalists to exchange gold and sil-
ver for them, and to lay them by as a pioductive
fund. Tlus is theii distinctive feature, but not the
only one, they possess othei subsidiary qualities;
such as tianslerrabi i'y only by indorsement—pay-
able at a fixed tunc—not ¡e-issuable—noi of small
denomination—and to be cancelled when paid.
Notes of this da=s are m iact loan note*—notes to
raise loans on by selling them for h-ud monej'—
euhei immediately by the Secretary of the Treasu-
iy, or, secondarily, bj the creditor of the Go; em-
inent to whom they have been paid In a word,
they possess all the qualities which invite mvest-
m-nt, and foibid and impede circulation. The act
of 1812 authorized an issue of notes of this de-
scuption Thev boie five and two-fifths per cent,
interest, with an express clause that the Sccretaiy
of the Tieasury might raise monej upon them by
loan I presume theie are Senators piesent who
weie membeis of the House oí Representatives m
1812—« ho ga*-e the sanction of their approbation
to the Tieasury note law of that jear, ^nd who
would be verj unwilling to hear ihe epithets applied
to that law which are lavished upon this bill, which
is copied fiom it
The Treasuiy notes for cunency are distinguish-
ed by leatuies and qualities, the leveise of those
n hich have been mentioned. They beai little or
no interest They are payable to bearei__trans-
ferable bv delivery—re-issuabie—of ¡aw denomi-
nations—and fieqaently re-nnbuisable at the plea-
sure of the Government. They are, m fact, paper
money, and possess all the qualities which forbid
investment, and invite to circulation. The Trea-
sury notes of 1815 were of that chaiacter, except
for the optional clause to enable the holder to fund
them at the interest wh ch commanded loans—at
seven per cent.
