28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
Sept. 1837,
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Bell.
H. of Reps.
to a great variety oí objects, are unusually large
and extravagant. la stating a much ¡osier esti-
mate of expenditures for the present vear than that
submitted by the Seoretaiy of the Treasury, I have
supposed that theie might be a decided determina-
tion in this House, under the extaordinary circum-
stances of the time?, to insist upon a very conside-
rable reduction of the expcnditures-of the Govern-
ment. I am sorry that the Sectetary has not
thought proper to make a more detalle 1 statement
to the House lhan he has done upon the subject of
the unexpended balance?, of existing appropriations,
that "«e might speak and act upon this subject
with greater certa.nty. I beg leave, however, to
submit a statement of appropnations for the pre-
sent veai to a great many objecis, amounting m
the whole lo a much larger sum than I have seated
m the general estimate I have just presented; which,
m my opinion, may be properly dispensed with
during the piesent year, either m whole or m pait,
and which, I venture to say, do not constitute any
material proportion of the fifteen millions which
the Secretary supposes may be safely postponed till
the next year.
For public buildings m the city of
"VVa^h.ngton     ...
For various additions and improve-
ment connected with the Mint -
Foi surveys of public lands   -
For national armories
For tne armament of fortifications   -
For aisenals -             -            -            -
For constructing new wall, &c. at
Harper's Fei ry               ...
For arni'ng and equipping the militia
For ordnance and ordnance stores"    -
Ft r nnprov ement of navy yard's
Tor building two sloops of war
For six vesse's of twir, &c.   -
For eonsti action and repair oí certain
loads    ....
Foi leinowil of obstiuct.onsin and at
the mouths of ceitam rivers, hatbors,
&c.       -            -             .            -            -
For new light-houses, light-boats, &c.
-    357,000
203,500
147,500
360,000
200,000
373,000
53,000
100,000
72,000
538,550
280,000
400,000
-    4 62,496
1,912,188
921,000
Aggregate amount           -             $6,376,734
Í have made out this statement of the principal
items of the appropriations for the present year,
winch caught my eye in lunning hastily over
them, and which appeared to me might be re-
tierched wuh the least injuiy to the pubhc interest.
The sum might bs easily swelled, bv addition ot
vauoLi othei appripuations of a similar character,
to eight or nine million  (Mr. 13. was litre le-
mindcd, by gentlemen sitting nen hnn, of the ex-
ploring expedition, the new custom-houses, e^c.) I
am aware that I h.'ve omitted m the statement I
have piescntcd a large nambei of appropriations
equally extravagant and uncalled fui. But to illus-
trate the general ciiaraetci of these appropnations, I
wo ildt-illthe attention ofthecommiltee to the fact,
that although u e have been repeatedly ínfoimed h om
the proper dcpaitnvnt of the Government that
light-houses had bten mult plied beyond any actual
necessity upon our Lake and Atlantic coasts, j ct
we find nenly a million appropriated to new ones
during tne piestut yeai Except 'he impiovemenis
of this nalu.e pi ejected in the entrance 10 the har-
bor of New Vollr, I v enture to assert, lint scaicely
oi.e of iIil numerous new light-houses embraced m
the Inst light-house bill is of any leal importance.
Tne membeis oí Hie late Congress vv ill sustain me
in the statement that the appropriations foi the
puscnt je,ir v.eie enlaig d to a irost unusual <ird
o\tiav?vit ami urn, tor the puipose ol e\haus u>g
the surplus which it «as suppesed nv'ht accuriu-
la'e m the Tieasury dur ug the j)>escnt veai, and
1 appeal to th  House whether theie ísrotww
an ample pietext, n the reduced state of t'o
Linnets or the country, to repeal at least ro much
as upp ais evidently excessive and extravagant.
I feel verv sensibly, Mr Chairman, fhe~\>dvan-
tages which the gentlemen connected with the ad-
ministration may have in the argument upon this
point. I neither know, not have I the means of
knowing, so long as the Secietary of the Treasuiy
shad delay nis repoit upon the subject, what poi-
tion ( f the apptopnations I have alluded to for the
piesent} ear hate already been expended; and what
portion besides mav be required to futfi1 contracts
or engagements, which are bmdit'g upon the Go-
vernment. I submitted a resolution at an early
day of the session, with a view to get information
from the Treasury on th's point I am aware that
it may be in the power of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to rise in his
place, and declare that the whole or the greater
part of the sums I propose to íetrench are already
boiwd by contract; but I can remind the gentleman
that if he shall do so, he will find some obstacles
in his j.ath likewise. He informed us, the otrrr
dav, that the unexpended appropiiat'ons in the
month of March la^t, of the present year, were
twenty-eight or nine millions. We all must
remember well that, in the month of April follow-
ing, the pressure in the money markct had already
increased co such extent as to shake, in some de-
gree, the general credit of the country, some of the
largest failures had already taken p'ace in New
Or'eans, and one at least in New York. What
followed in May, June, and July, 1 forbear to re
hearse. We know, however, that m ihese montns
there was a general wreck of commerce and bank
credit Can it be possible that the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the other departments of the
Government, under the existing state of the coun-
try, and of its financial condition and prospects,
did feel it to be their duty to hasten the expendi-
ture of the extravasant a-'propuations foi the year—
to expedite ard precipitate contiacts and engage-
ments, that three thousand superintendents of pub-
lic works, engineers, and other agents engaged in
the expenditure of the public moneys were instruct-
ed to make immediate engagements to the extent
of the moneys appropriated1
At such aens'scan it be possible that any of the
heads of the Executive Departments could have
been so rejTtidiess of th" true interest and condition
ot 'he country as to have encouraged or even per-
muted any new contracts or engagements, after it
became at least doubtful whether the banks which
held so large a portion of the public funds might
not prove wholly insolvent, or, at all events, be so
cnpp'ed m theirmeans as to afford no certain pros-
pect of being able to pay their debts to the Govern-
ment'! Yet, sir, unless this reckless and indefensi-
ble course has been pursued by the Government,
there are no ccnsidei able engagements existing for
the expenditure of the appropriations of the present
year, except for indispensable objects connected
with the support of Government, and the mainte-
nance of the Army and Navy. But we shall see
hovy this is, I hope, in due time. We know one
ihmjr, that a wise and provident admmistration,
under the circumstances of the countiy, and aftei
die true complexion of the crisis vas developed
last spnnst, would ha ye permitted no enforcement
for the expenditme of money, except for indispen-
sable objects Eut, whatever may be the amount
oi nature of existing engagements,-'I trust the sum
of five milhons and a half mav, and I believe will,
still be found free from any such impediment, find
that vi'i m?y retrench at least th?t amount of the
appropriations for the present year.
I have now picscnted such a statement, founded
upon the report ot tne Secietary of th<*Tieasury, as
I th nk wi'l be seen to be in strict accordance with
the facts ihciein stated. I have also exhibited a
statement ef the condition of the Tieasury, based
upon my own cstinate , both of the probable re-
ceipts and expenditures for the two last qua ttrs. of
the year, which vanes matenall} from the views of
'he tS°net-*ry of the Treasur" Tne explanatory
I bav e g ven oí 11- different conclusion■. to w hich I
have amved, I hope will be legmlod as at least
despi ving the attention of the Hou^e Eut hefoie
I proceed to notice, a little mote m detail, what I
consider the most ma'eu il questions connected w nh
this bill, Ami to « hich I have more lhan once aliud-
cd a'icadv, it is proper that I should notice the
statement present d by the Chan man of the Com-
mittee of Wavs and Means, and I will remark, in,
the outset, that, however widely his statement may
at first view appear to differ from the one presented
by me upon the bas's of the Secretary's report,
meie will, upon examination, be found to be but
little  substantial difference, so far as regards the
actual means in the Treasury.
According to  the  statement  of that gentleman
(Mr. Cambreleng) there  will  be  in the Treasury
on the 1st October next the  following means, viz:
Specie    -             -           '-   #1,500,000
Balance undiawn ¡n  the
deposite banks               -     5,000,000
Instalment due from  the
United Slates Bank     -      J<f300,000
Aggregate, according to estimate oí the
chairman of the Committee of Wavs
and Means                -             -        " - §3,000,000
Add the amount admitted to be in the
deposite banks, which has been
drawn upon, but which is not paid,
and does not constitute a specific
fund from the payment of the drafts   4,500,000
And it will appear that the actual
amount of means m the Treasury on
the 1st of October will be    -             - 12,500,000
Deduct the amount of the hist instal-
ment due from the United States
Bank, which it is supposed will be
paid in protested Treasury drafts,
and may therefore be unavailable -   1,560,000
And the aggregate of avallaba means
in the Treasury on the 1st October
will appear to be    -             -            -11,000,000
The receipts into the Tieasuiy, estimat-
ed for the last quarter of the year by
the chairman of the Commiltee of
Ways and Means, will be    -            -    4,000,000
Making an aggregate of means in the
Treasury to meet the demands upon
it during the last quarter of the cui-
rent year, amounting to       -             -13,000,000
Add the means in the hands of disbur-
sing officers, and which may be ap-
plied to the public service during the
last quirter of theyeir         -            -    5,000,000
And the aggregate ot means already at
the disposal of the  Government du-
ring the same period, will be             - 20,000,000
The expenditures of the last quarter of the year,
exclusive of the amount obtained from the Mint,
the amount required to take up protested drafts and
contingent fund, according to the statement of the
Committee of Way^ and Means, are as follows,
viz:
For the ordinary service  of the last
quarter of the current year,       •
(1837,)              -            -   $9,000,000
For the suppoi I of the Pic-
uda wai               -             -   1,600,000
Aggregate,     -             $10,600,000
Add amount of fourth m-
s'almcn' due the States
ti ider the pet of 23d
June, 1836,       -             -   9,367,214
Real aggregate,           -                       J9,907,214
Show mga surplus of means at the dis-
posal of tin Government during the
last quarfr of the current year,
amounting to                                                   32,786
Some explanation ma/ be n cessan to be given
of the alteiations I have made in fie estimate sub-
mitted by the chauman of the Commit e of Wa\S
and Means, m relation to the amount on deposite
m the deposi'e b inks, and which has been diawn
upon bj drafts from the Treasury. Thehonoia-
ble gentleman from New Yoik thinks that this mo-
ney, amounting to about four mil'ionsanu i half,
should no longer be accounted a part of ti e n cans
in the Treasury I affirm that they ?ieas,mch
mransas they were bei le trey «re diawn upon.
If they had been paid out to the drafts which were
diavvn upon them, his view wouid ccitanly be
correct; but, because drafts had been draw a upon
these funds, whu h have been prohibited and are
now in circulation, it by no means follows that
these moneys cease to be a part of the means of
the Treasury. Thev may be paid out to othei
drafts, or arringed so as to pay that amount to
other creditois of the Government, while the drafts
oiigmally diawn upon fh.->m are gradually absorb-
ed in payment of duties and for public Iands( or
taken up at the Treasury,
