APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.       _________Sept. 1837.
SG....lst Sess.                            Postponement of fourth ins'alment—Mr. Potter.__________________________H. of Reps.
disarmed of all its terrors. What was our Go-
vernment itself, as received from the pure hands
of our fathers, w thout a parallel m the annals of
the world, bat an experiment? What has been
the history of the most important measures of the
Government, fiom its foundation down to the pie-
sent day, but a history of experiments' And, Mr.
Chairman, experiments for whaf To establish
the great truth that man is caoable of self-govern-
ment—a truth that is carrying conviction to the
minds of men throughout the civilized world,
destined at no distant day to make tyrants tremble
on their thrones, while it holds c ut to the enslaved
nakonsof the earth a plan of political salvation, by
which to bieak the chains that bmd them, and ele-
vate them to the condition of freemen
Mr. Chairman, I am not yet tired of such expe-
riments, but shall give to the bill my cordial
support
REMARKS OF MR. POTTER,
Of PEN'NSYf.V \NIA
In the House of Rep) escntalives, Wednesday, Sept. 27,
1837—On the " bill to postpone the fourth in-
stalment of deposite with the States."
A desire to give my reasons for my vote on this
question, so that it may appear in a correct point
of view before the tribunal of the people of my
district, has oveicome the reluctance T feel at this
penad in trespassing on the time of the House
Until recently I could not have imagined that,
on the floor of an American Congress, we would
hjartbe claiion notes of triumph, and the shout of
joy, at the embanassments of the National Trea-
sury, produced by the pecuniary distress of the
people, and the derangement of the monetary affairs
of the country. The question has been discussed
as one of an entire withdrawal from the States of a
part of the boon proffered them by the deposite
act. Not so in my views. Bills are on oui files
giving time to the merchants and the deposite
banks to pay the debts due the Government, and
all that is contemplated by that under considera-
tion, is to delay the time of deposite with the States
until the situation of the Treasury will warrant it
being made, without conflicting with other and
pressing interests. The actior proposed by the
van mis bills reported, is a plan, taken in unison,
to relieve the pressure on the people,by interposing
the credit of the nation, -ind giving time ioi the
pimc to allay itself, and confidence be resloied in
lha community The Stites aie required to bear
a portion of the mconver enec for the íehef of the
people My sensibilities tie enlisted in favor of
t je States, and none i egret more deeply the tem-
porary embarrassments which the) may labor under
by the postponement of tV deposite of the fourth
instalment. As they have received three instalments
of the surplus, which remain with them untouched,
and in future will, m all human probability,
receive the fourth, as a measure of relief to the peo-
ple I go for the bill As one of the representatives
from Pennsylvania, I am constrained to declare
my dissent from the opmiún expressed, that if it
had not been for the wisdom and foresight of the
Executive of oar State, Pennsylvania would now
be looking with " anxiety and ti epidation" to the
discussions in this House. „ With her resources,
her high credit, her untarnished honor, and unble-
mished faith in the fulfilment oí every engagement,
the postponement of the deposite of about nine
hiui Ired thousand dollar* in her treasury, never
could hat e caused the enterprising and intelligent
people of this great State either " anxiety or trepi-
dation1" The ability of Pennsylvania to command
any money necessary to carry out her magnificent
plans of public improvements, stands upon a pioud
and loity eminence, no' to be shaken for any such
reason, or by any such cau^e, nor can mj concur-
rence be given to the pncomium bestowed upon the
loresight of our Chief Magistrate for hm veto of the
improvement bill, although, if consistent wth my
ideas of right, nothing would be more giatifymg
tie'i to place that officer, or anj olh^r rifi/en ol my
Sta'e, on such vantage ground That measure was
political, and intended to procure ¿ different distri-
bution of the funds, appropriated to different  ob-
jects at the close of the session, so as to further tne
mteiests, and gratify the wishes, of certain lead111 
partisans'of the State administration. The result
was, that the banks m Philadelphia reaped the bene-
fit, and the people sustained the injury, by this
boasted policy and forf-cast of our " sagacious
Chief Magistrate1"
The accumulation of unavadablefumds in the Na-
tional Treasury has induced a syncope, which re-
quires an immediate remedy. Thjs disease has
been attributed to an unwise change in the deposi-
tory of the public money, and the veto of the bill
rechartenng the Bank of the United States by the
late President In my mind, the causes of the
evil, can be traced to other sources It the deposi-
tory had not been changed, and the bank rechar-
tered, the only diffeience m our situation would
have been that the unavailable funds would have
accumulated m one, instead of various banks The
Bank of the United States, under the direction of
the same master spirit, with increased powers, is
yet in full existence. Was it able to withstand the
siorm, and has it been exempt from the destiny that
ot erturned, and laid prostrate the other banking
institutions of the countiy'! Ah, no1 It has shared
the fate of its compeers, has also dishonored its
bills, and suspended specie payment, with an ex-
hibit of a specie basis to meet its engagements,
judging from the last return made to our Execu-
tive, which rendered that measuie, as necessary for
that, as «my other bank in our State It is as-
serted, this would not have occurred, ll it it had
been a national institution Authority is at hand,
which pronounced, on a memorable occasion, "that
the new charter had the advantage over the old one "
This was the deliberatejudgment of the distinguish-
ed and able president of the late and present
Bank of the United States The reasons
lit assigned tor this preference u ie, "m its longer
duration, in the enlargement of its powers- m con-
fining the rate of discount at half per cent for
thirty day  to loans in the State of Pennsylvania,
leaving the bank elsewhere to the rate of interest
fixed by the local laws, in its exemption from the
expenses of doing the business of the Government,
m its total separation from all the officers of the Go-
vernment, an unnatural connection, beneficiaAneither
to the bank nor to the Government, in itslfot being
obliged to incur the expense of establishing
blanches" If this experienced and unrivalled
finaiciei was right m his appreciation of the State
charter, the new bank was stronger, more efficient,
and better able under it to sustain itself at a dan-
gerous crisis, and on an imminent emergency,
caused by the convulsions and stoims in the com-
mercial world, than under the charter offered fey
Congress. The current of events has proved that
with all the advantages enumerated, the bank was
unable to maintain its credit and redeem its obliga-
tions What prospect was theie, that, asa national
bank, with powers diminished, onerous duties to
perform, and heavy expenses to be incurred, it could
have saved itself from the violation of moial duty,
and legal restraint, committed by the suspension
Reasoning by inalogy, the only true test apphcab'e
to the case, it must be conceded that the same
causes which prostrated a stionger institution,
would inevitably, undersimilar ciicumstances, have
produced like results on a weaker bank. Doubtless
the President oí the United States will be gra-
tified, and his friends encouraged, by the coincidence
of vitws entertained by the great banker m com-
mon with the Chief Magistrate, on the important
question of a divorce of that "unnatural connec-
tion" between the Government and the banks,
and felicitate themselves with the hope, that this
high authority will convert myriads of the devoted
followers and faithful admuers of the president of
the Bank if the United States to the doctitnes of
the Message It is due to candor to admit, that
the president of tne bank, on the íemarkable epoch
of the suspension, announced, "that had U (the
bank) consulted merely its own strength, it wuld have
continued its payments without ¡esetve'" The same
reliance cannot be accorded to this declaration. In
my judgment, it was but an apology for the suspen-
sion, and a part of the process u;>ed to bolster up
the credit of the institution, and detract from the
shock feared on the suspension of this great mo-
I neyed leviathan.   If its strength would, m fact,
have warranted a fulfilment of its obligations, every
inducement of interest and reputation was m favor
of the effort. A successful attempt would hav«
avoided the danger of a forfeiture of its franchises,
under the piovisions of its charter, again have
secured, by the act of 1836, the deposite of the
pubbe money m its vaults, and escaped the other
penalties inflicted by its charter for a violation of
its privileges The peculiar situation in which it
stood with a majority of the people of Pennsyl-
vania, was persuasive cause for its straining every
nerve to pay its obligations in gold and silver. By
the act of suspension, if the bank, at the period of
its occurrence, had abundant means to fulfil
its engagements, the restrictions of law and
moral duty were unblushingly violated without
the existence of an overruling necessity, the
only excuse that can be tolerated for such
conduct The high mmded and honorable
citizens of my native State, who compose the di-
rectory and officeis of that institution, were driven
to a suspension, by dire, dire necessity. It was a
misfortune which all lament, " but Jts continuance
will be a reproach which all true men must rally to
save" our country from When the hour of rally
came, when a measure was recently proposed,
calculated to relieve our country from this foul
stigma, did this powerful institution unite m the
attempt' No' Under her leading, the Philadel-
phia banks declined a participation m the effort.
Impiovident as has been the course of the banks,
injurious as their over issues to our common coun-
try, ruinous as the wild spirit of speculation fS£"
tered and cherished by them, has been to the commu-
nity, evil as the example set by a violation of legal
and moral principle, in the refusal to pay their
debts, yet, if all this was done, by any one or all of
them, with abundant means, and "strength without
íeseí ve" to ledeem their obligations, what was such
a suspension, but a fraudulent conspiracy to with-
hold the payment of just claims? In mat aspect of
the case, the strong and indignant language nsed
by a venerable gentleman, then and now a member
of this House, (Mr. Adams) and which I always
deemed harsh and unmerited, when he asks, "What
difference is there between the president and direc-
tors of such a bank, and the skilful artist who en-
graves a bank bill, a fac simile of the one signed
by the pres.dent and cashier, and saves them the
trouble of S'gning, by doing it for them," would
have been just and apprapnate.
If I comprehend the fiscal situation of the Trea-
sury, from the report of the Secretary, there would
not, on the 1st of October, be sufficient available
funds in the department to pay the amount trans-
feinble to the States, by the deposite act, by one
third.   Congress must, in that event, provide the
funds, to enable the Treasury to make the deposite
with the States ; and when that sum is provided,
at the close of the year, unless further provision is
made, the Treasury would be empty, and the ope-
rations of Government suspended.   Wot a dollar
would be left to supply the mint, to meet contin-
gencies, or the current expenses.    Under this state
of the Treasury, the question is presented, Is the
nation bound by contract, express or implied, to
deposite these nine millions with the States'? If she
is, a high sense of duty imperatively commands a
iuiuiment oí the bargain    Nay, if the faith of the
nation is pledged, so that it would be dishonorable
to make a temporary postponement of the deposite,
the pledge must be redeemed.    That the deposite
act created no obligatory compact with the States,
seems clear    The act of 1836 had tw® oojects in
view   1st, to secure a safe depository for keeping
the public money, under specific regulations by
law    2d A large surplus had accumulated m the
Treasury, not immediately wanted for the exigen-
cies of the nation.    It was to be so deposited, as,
m the ink run, to be used for the benefit of the
people.    The  13th section, after a reservation of
five millions fiom the suiplus, directed the remain
der to be deposited with the  States     What were
the States to receive1    The  surplus remaining m
the Treasury     If none remained, the proposed de-
posite never could be made     The measure would,
in that resmt, have had no operation.    This act
did not, nor could it, prevent Congress, after its
passage, and before the 1st of January, from ap-
piopnatmg páít, or the whole amount in the Tree*
