Sept. 1837.______
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
51
Making public officers depositories.—Mr. Benlon.
Senate.
The power of a few banks over the whole, pre-
sents a new feature of danger in our system. It
consolidates the banks of the whole Union into one
mass, and subjects them' to one fate, and that fate
to be decided by a few, without even the know-
ledge of the rest. An unknown divan of bankers
sends forth an edict which sweeps over the empire,
crosses the lines of States with the facility of a
Turkish firman, prostrating all State institutions,^
breaking up all engagements, and levelling all law
before it. This is consolidation of a kind which
the genius of Patrick Henry had not even con-
ceived. But while this firman is thus potent and
irresistible for prostration, it is impotent and pow-
erless for resurrection. It goes out in vain, bidding
the prostrate banks to rise. A tietopowerintervenes.
One voice is sufficient to keep all down ; and thus
we have seen one word from Philadelphia annihi-
late the New York proposition for resumption, and
condemn the many solvent banks to the continua-
tion of a condition as mortifying to their feelings
as it is injurious to their future interests.
Again, from the mode of doing business among
our banks—using each others paper to bank upon,
instead of holding each other to weekly settlements,
and the liquidation of balances in speciej and from.
the fatal practice of issuing notes at one place,
payable at another—our banks have all become
links of one chain, the strength of the whole being
dependent on the strength of each. A few govern
all. Whether it is to' fail, or to resume, the few
govern; and not only the few, but the weak. A
few weak banks fail; a panic ensues, and the rest
shut up; many strong ones are ready to resume;
the weak are not ready, and the strong must wait.
Thus the principles of safety, and the rules of Go-
vernment, are reversed. The weak govern the
strong; the bad govern the good; and the insolvent
govern the solvent. This is our system, if system
it can be called, which has no feature of consis-
tency, no principle of safety, and which is nothing
but the floating appendage of a foreign and over-
powering system.
The Federal Government, and its creditors,
have suffered great pecuniary losses from the use
of these banks and their paper; they must continue
to sustain such losses, if they continue to use such
depositories, and to receive such paper. The pe-
euniary losses have been, now are, and must be,
hereafter, great; but great as they have been, now
are, and may be hereafter, all that loss is nothing
compared to the political dangers which flow from
the same source. These dangers affect the life of
the Government. They go to its existence. They
involve anarchy, confusion, violence, dissolution!
They go to deprive the Government of support—of
the means of living; they strip it in an instant of
every shilling of revenue, and leave it penniless,
helpless, lifeless. The late stoppage might have
broken up the Government, had it not been for the
fidelity and affection of the people to their institu-
tions, and the eighty millions of specie which Gen.
Jackson had accumulated in the country. That
stoppage presented a peculiar feature of peril which
has not been brought to the notice of the public; it
was the stoppage of the sums standing in the
names of disbursing officers, and wanted for
daily payments in all the branches of the pub-
lic service. These sums amounted to about
five millions of dollars. They had been drawn
from the Treasury, they were no longer standing
to the credit of the United States; they had gone
into the hands of innumerable officers, and agents,
in all parts of the Union, and were temporarily, and
for mere safe keeping from day to day, lodged with
these deposite banks, to be incessantly paid out to
those who were doing work and labor, performing
contracts, or rendering service, civiior military, to
the country. These five millions were stopped with
the rest! In an instant, as if by enchantment, every
disbursing officer, in every part of the Union, was
stripped of the money which he was going to pay
out! All officers of the Government, high and low,
the whole army and navy, all the laborers and con-
tractors, post offices and all, were suddenly, instan-
taneously, left without pay, and consequently with-
out subsistence. It was tantamount to a disband-
ment of the entire Government. It was like a de-
cree for the dissolution of the body politic.    It was
celebrated as a victory—as a conquest—ras a tri-
umph, over the Government. The le:;st that was
expected was an immediate civil revolution—the
overthrow of the democratic party, the change of
administration, the re-ascension of the federal party
to power, and the re-esiablishment of the con-
demned Bank of the United States. These con-
sequences were counted upon ; and that they
did not happen was solely owing to the eighty
millions of hard money which kept up a standard
of vatue in the country, and prevented the dis-
honored bank iiotes from sinking too* low to be
bp used by the community. But it is not merely
stoppage of the banks ihat we have to fear; colli-
sions with the States may ensue. State Legislatures
may sanction the stoppage, withhold the poor right
of suing, and thus interpose their authority be-
tween the Federal Government and its revenues.
This has already happened, not in hostility to the
Government, but in protection of themselves; and
the consequence was the same as if the intention
had been hostile. It was interposition between the
Federal Government and its depositories; it was
deprivation of revenue; it was an act the recur-
rence of which should be carefully guarded against
in future.-
This is what we have seen; this is a danger,
which we have just escaped; and if these banks
shall be continued as depositories of public money,
or, which is just the same thing, if the Government
shall continue to receive their "paper promises to
pay," the same danger may be seen again, and
under far more critical circumstances. A similar
stoppage of the banks may take place again—will
inevitably take place again—and it may be when
there is little specie in the country, or when war
prevails. All history is full of examples of armies
and navies revolting for want of pay; all history is
full of examples of military and naval operations
miscarried for want of money; all history is" full -
of instances of Governments overturned from defi-
cits of revenue and derangements of finances.
And are we to expose ourselves recklessly, and
with our ¿yes open, to such dangers? Are we to
„ stake the life and death of this Government upon
the hazards and contingencies of banking—and of
such banking as exists in these United States 1 Are
we to subject the existence of this Government to
the stoppages of the banks, whether those stoppages
result from misfortune, improvidence, or bad faith'!
Are we to subject this great and glorious political
fabric, the work of so many wise and patriotic
heads, to be demolished in an instant, and by an
unseen hand? Are we to suffer the machinery and
the working of our boasted Constitution to be ar-
rested by a spring-catch, applied in the dark 1 Are
men, with pens sticking behind their ears, to be
allowed to put an end to this Republic? No, sir!
never. If we are to perish prematurely, let us at
least have a death worthy of a great nation ; let us
at least have a field covered with the bodies of he-
roes and of patriots, and consecrated for ever to
the memory of a subverted empire. Rome had her
Pharsalia—Greece her Chercenea—and many bar-
barian kingdoms have given immortality, to the spot
on which they expired; and shall this great Repub-
lic be subjected ¡o extinction, on the contingencies
of trade and banking ?
But what excuse, what apology, what justi6ca-
tion have we for surrendering, abandoning, and
losing the precise advantage for which the present
Constitution was formed? What was that advan-
tage- -what the leading and governing object, which
led to the abandonment of the old confederation,
and induced the adoption of the present form of
Government? It was revenue! independent revenue!
a revenue under theabsolute control of this Govern-
ment, and free from the action of the States. This
was the motive, the leading and the governing mo-
tive, which led to the formation of this Government.
The reason was, that the old confederation, being
dependent npon the Slates, was often left without
money. This state of being was incompatible with
its existence; ¡¿ deprived it ef all power; its imbe-
cility was a proverb. To extricate it from that
condition was the design, and the cardinal design,
of the new Constitution. An independent revenue
was given to it—independent, even, of the States.
Is it not   suicidal   to   surrender   that   indepen-
dence, and to surrender it, not to States, . but .
to money corporations. What does history record
of the penury, and moneyed destitution, of the old
Confederation, comparable to the annihilation of
the revenues of this Government in May lasú
when the banks shut down, in one night, irpon a
revenue, in hand, of thirty-two millions; e\ren upon
that-which was in the names of disbursing officers,
and refuse a nine-pence, or a picaillon in money
from that day- to this? What is there in the history
of the old Confederation comparable to this? The
old Confederation was often reduced low—often
near empty handed—but never saw itself stripped
in an instant, as if by enchantment, of tens of
millions, and heard the shout of triumph thundered
over its head, and the notes of exultation sung over
its supposed destruction! Yet, this is what we have
seen—what we now see—from having surrendered
to corporations our moneyed independence, and un-
wisely abandoned the precise advantage which led
to the formation of this Federal Government.
I do not go into the moral view of this question.
It is too obvious, too impressive, too grave, to
escape the observation of any one. Demoralization
follows in the train of an unconvertible "paper mo-
,ney. The whole community becomes exposed to
a moral pestilence. Every individual becomes the
victim of some imposition, and, in self-defence, im-
poses upon some one else. The weak, the igno-
rant, the uninformed, the necessitous, are the suf-
ferers; the crafty and the opulent arc the gainers.
The evil augments until the moral sense of the
community, revolting at the frightful accumulation
of fraud and misery, applies the radical remedy of
total reform.
Thus, pecuniary, political, and moral considera-
tions require the Government to retrace its steps, to
return to first principles, and to- restore its fiscal
action to the safe and solid path of the Constitution.
Reform is demanded. It is called for by every public
and by every private consideration. Now is the lime
to make it. The connection between Bank and State
is actually dissolved. It is dissolved by operation
of law, and by the delinquency of these institutions.
They have forfeited the right to the deposites, and
lost the privilege of paying the revenue in their
notes, by ceasing to pay specie. The Government
is now going on without them, and all that is.want-
ing is the appropriate legislation to perpetuate the
divorce which, in point of fact, has already taken
place. Now is the time to act; this the moment to
restore the constitutional currency to the Federal
Gevernmenl; to restore the custody ,of „lhe pubüc
moneys to national keepers; and to avoid, in time
to come, the calamitous revulsions and perilous
catastrophes of 1814,1819, and 1837.
And what is the obstacle to the adoption of this
course, so imperiously demanded by the safety of
the Republic, and the welfare of the people, and so
earnestly recommended to us by the chief magis-
trate? What is the obstacle—what the power that
countervails the Executive recommendation, para-
lyzes the action of Congress, and stays the march
of reform? The banks—the banks—the banks,
are this obstacle, and this power. They set up the
pretension to force their paper into the Federal
Treasury, and to force themselves to be constituted
that Treasury. Though now bankrupt, their paper
dishonored, their doors closed against creditors,
every public and every private obligation violated,
still they arrogate a supremacy over this Federal
Government; they demand the guardianship of the
public moneys, and the privilege of furnishing a
federal currency; and, though too weak to pay their
debts, they are strong enough to throttle this Go-
vernment, and to hold, in doubtful suspense, the
issue of their vast pretensions.
And what new power is this, so formidable, and
so daring, and the name of which is not seen in
our Constitution?" Whence its origin, its progress,
and its present pretensions? Sir, its origin is hum-
ble; its first progress slow; its vast pretensions of
recent date. In the year 1780, the first petition
was presented to the Congress of the Confederation
for the establishment of a bank; ten years afterwards
there were but three m the country; in twenty, years
more there were only a few dozen; nownearly a thou-
sand, and constantly multiplying. That firstpetition
was bottomed solely upon patriotism, without the
