Sept. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
25tli CoNG..~..lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr.'Benton.
Senate.
into the issue of this small trash, or have recourse
to judicial process to compel the United States to
abide the contract, and to continue the reception of
all their notes. Mr. B. had no idea of letting down
this Federal Government to such petty and incon-
venient bargains with a thousand moneyed corpo-
rations. The Government of the United States
ought to act as a Government, and not as a con-
tractor. It should prescribe conditions, and not
make bargains.    It should give the law ''
What.I objected to then was the contract, and
the paper currency; what [ object to now is the
same contract, the same currency, and the mono-
poly which mav be given of it to a few strong
banks—to the miscalled Bank of the United States,
for example, and a favorite selection of its affiliated
institutions. This privilege of supplying paper
money to the Federal Government, is to be limited
to those banks which shall resume specie pay-
ments within a given day. The design is to encou-
rage a resumption of payments; but what will be
the effect? The effect will be, that the strong will
resume, and take the prize! The English connec-
tions of the Bank of the United States would throw
it tens of millions to enable it to clutch the prize,
and to crush competitors. The Senator from
South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) has presented the
view of this danger; the Senator from Virginia
(Mr. Eives) has disclaimed all intention of aiding
that institution, miscalled Bank of the United
States, Certainty he needs no disclaimer, nei-
ther on this floor, or to the country; his
inexorable opposition to that institution, or to
any similar one, is universally known. Still his
personal intentions cannot control the effect of his
bill, if it becomes law ; and that effect will go to
give a monopoly of the right to supply the Federal
Government with paper money to the strongest, or
a few of the strongest, of the institutions. The
miscalled Bank of the United States will be the
monopolizer; for, though the most encumbered
w.th debt of all the institutions, yet her English
backers and stockholders, for such a prize as would
be presented, would throw in the millions necessary
to carry it. The Senator from Virginia (Mr.
Rives) cannot see this effect of his bill; but let him
look over his right shoulder, and he will see those
who do. , He will there see the phalanx which
supports the Pennsylvania Bank of the Uuiled
States, all anxiously watching the progress of his
bill, and ready to give their votes lor it, as the
certain means of aiding their great and cardinal
object.*
Objections are taken to the capacity of the coun-
try to furnish the quantity of gold and silver ne-
cessary to pay the revenues of the Government in
coin. It is supposed there is not hard money
enough for that purpose. This objection induces
two inquiries. Firsl. How much specie will be re-
quired for that purpose? Secondly, what is the pre-
sent amount in the country, and what the prospect
of increase? In reply to the first of these inquiries,
it is to be remembered that the President, m Ins
Message, supposes ten millions will be enough;
and the Secretary of the Treasury, in his report
upon the finances, supposes that eight or ten mil-
lions will do. Having paid some attention to this
point, I have come to the conclusion that the one-
fourth part of the amount of the annual revenue
will be sufficient to pay the whole; and this opinion
is formed upon an observation of the fact, that in a
regular state of the finances, when no more revenue
is raised than the Government needs, about one-
fourth of the whole is always on hand; of course
that not more than one-fourth is taken out of
circulation. Upon this data, a revenue of twenty,
millions would require but five millions to
pay it; and a revenue of twenty-five millions
would require but six and a quarter millions.to
meet it. A reduction of revenue to the wants of
the Treasury is the policy of the administration;
no more surpluses is the language of the republican
* Mr. Hives replies!to this allusion, the next day, as if Mr.
Benton had said that, by looking over his right shoulder, he
woulctgee His guides and leaders. Mr. B disclaimed both the
expression and the thought. Mr. It answeied lhat he bad not
heard distinctly what was Riid. but was informe 1 that surh
were the expressions. Mr B denied (hem, and said lhat he
only apoke of the effect ol the bill, and referred to the support
which the fi ¡end"? of the Bank of the United States were giving
it, as evidence that they understood its eflect as he did.
party. About twenty-five millions may, therefore,be
the maximum; and the payment of this sum, it is
shown, will not employ above six or seven mil-
lions. Now, what is the capacity of the country
to furnish this amount? How much specie have
we, and what is the prospect for more? It is well
remembered that eighty millions was the computed
supply at the end of the last fiscal year; to that
amount we have to add the increase of the present )
fiscal year, being about five millions; namely, an
excess of imports over exports of above four mil-
lions, and the coinage of near a million of gold.
The future prospect is most encouraging. The
export of specie is over; it is a drug in London; it
can be borrowed there at 2i} per cent per annum,
and three per cent, is a common interest. What
has been, forced out is ready to flow back. A
large import must be expected; and if this
bill passes to increase the demand for it at
home, and if the suspending banks are made
to resume payment, not less than fifteen or
twenty millions of dollars may be expected within
the ensuing year. This, then, is our condition; up-
wards of eighty millions now in the country, and
the mean? in our power to increase it largely. Now,
cannot a revenue of twenty-five. nnllu.iis, which
will never require a greater amount than six or
seven millions to be taken out of circulation at
any one time—cannot such a revenue be met from
these resources? I say it can; and I say this upon
data, and will exhibit that data to the Senate, that
they may judge of the correctness of my opinion.
First, I take the evidence furnished by the history
of our own country. The first revenue act of 1789
prescribed "gold and silver o in only" for the pay-
ment of the federal revenue; the revenue was then
about four and a half million1- of dollars; and the
whole amount of =ppcie in the Union was estimated
at ten millions of dollars. Here then was a
revenue, nearly half the amount of the specie m the
country, ordered to be collected in specie. I speak of
the law which ordered it to be so collected, and to
which there was no objection, on account of the
inadequacy of specie, either in Congress or out of
Congress. The revenue was paid without com-
plaint, and without difficulty, and, in all probabili-
ty, did not abstract, at one time, a million of dol-
lars from circulation. But General Hamilton, the
Secretary of the Treasury, permitted notes of banks
to be received. Certainly he did, and, just as cer-
tainly, for no reason founded on the inadequacy of
the specie circulation to meet the demands of the
Government. His reasons, as seen in his report
to Congress, were altogether of a different class;
they were to enable the banks to increase their pa-
per circulation—to increase paper money—and to
diffuse it generally over the Union. There were
then but three banks in the United States, and those
three to the north of the Potomac; they issued no
small notes; their aggregate circulation was incon-
siderable; and it was the plan of Genpral Hamilton
to increase their number, and diffuse their paper.
This was hi"! reason for admitting bank paper to be
received; and to do so, he had to nullify, by con-
struction, the clear enactment of positive law.
The next piece of evidence I furnish is drawn
from-the history of England, in the^eign of Wil-
liam III, immediately preceding the establishment
of the Bank of England, and the introduction of the
paper system, and the funding' system, into that
kingdom. The taxes were then four millions, and
the specie of the kingdom sixteen millions These
taxes were paid without difficulty; for they proba-
bly did not abstract one million sterling from circu-
lation. The last data 1 shall produce is from the
history of France, during the first administration of
Necker, which about covered the. period oí out-
Revolution. I sp ak of the first administration of
Neckar, and when the finances of France were in
a regular state, and not of his subsequent adminis-
tration, when the extravagances of the day and the
subservience of the minister? Calonue and Brienue
had involved those finances in a ruin from which
the talents of Neckar could not extricate them.
What was the revenue and the specie circulation of
France at that time? I say specie circulation; for the
Mississippi schemeof John Law had cured the nation
of paper money, until the assignats of the revolu-
tion came upon the stage, and lived their brief day.
What was the revenue, and the specie circulation
out of which it was paid, ia the prosperous period
of the French finances to which I have alluded?
Twenty-two millions sterling of revenue—about
110 millions of dollars—and ninety millions sterling
of circulation—about 450 millions of dollars. This
vast revenue, equal to one-fourth of the whole cir-
culation, was regularly paid; and mis establishes
the only point for which I refer to it. Now to ap-
ply this historical experience to our own country,
and to the present times. Our revenue may be
about 25 millions; one-fourth of lhat sum will pay
it; we have upwards of eighty millions of specie in
the country, annually increasing, and certain to in-
crease to the utmost extent of our wants, if we cre-
ate a demand for it. One hundred millions of ex-
portable productions will bring back jus; as much
specie as the country wants. The objection, then,
to the inadequacy of the specie m the country falls
to the ground. We have more than enough for
that purpose. We have but two branches of reve-
nue—the lands and the customs, and both volun-
tary sources of income; for no person is under com-
pulsion to purchase the public lands, and no one is
under compulsion to import foreign goods. These
are the somces of our revenues. Their payment
is voluntary; and even during this summer, s.ncs
the suspension of specie payments, the income fee ¡n
one of these sources—the lands—has been equal ¡c,
the best years before the two great years of sp ?cu'a-
tion. I will answer for this branch of reveiiu •.
Bring the new lauds into market, and icdurt rile
price of the old lauds, and the Government will get
ten or twelve millions of gold ami silver from, them
in the next year.
I am fiee to admit that the whole of tins eighty
millions is not now in the hands of the people—that
much of it is locked up in the vaults of the binl-t^.
But this is temporary; it cannct Ian much longer.
Public opinion is omnipotent, and must prevail.
That opinion is against Uje conduct of the banks;
and in the progress of it they must see then own
doom. Their vaults are shut, but their eyes must
be opening; and with these e\ es they must begin to
•see what the public is beginning to think of a
BANKING SYSTEM which, in a season of peace,
tranquillity, and general prosperity, and with a
hundred millions of exports, and four times as
much specie as ever was in the country before, are
either unable, or unwilling, to meet ?.ny part of
their obligations in specie—even to pay out
picayunes!—and have driven the people to the use
of irredeemable paper, and shin-plasters, and the
Federal Government itself to an issue of Treasury
notes.
We are taunted with these Treasury notes; it
seems to be matter of triumph that the Government
is reduced to the necessity of issuing them; but with
what justice? And how soon can any Government
that wishes it, emerge from the wretchedness of
depreciated paper, and stand erect on the solid
foundations of gold and silver? How long will it
take any respectable Government, that so wills it,
to accomplish this great change? Our own history,
at the close of the revolution, answers the question;
and more recently, and more strikingly, the history
of France answers it also. I speak of the French
finances from 1800 to 1807; from the commence-
ment of the Consulate to the peace of Tilsit. This
wonderful period is replete with instruc ion on the
subject of finance and currency. The whole period
is full of instruction; but I can only seize two
views—the beginning and the end—and, for the
sake of precision, will read what I propose to pre-
sent, i read from Bigmm, author of the civil and
diplomatic history  l France during the Consulate
and th^ first years of the empire; written at the
testamentary request of the Emperor himself.
After stating tint the eipendiUires of ¡be Rep-.h-
iic were six hundred millions of francs—about one
hundred and ten millions o>' dollars—when B-Pis-
parte became first consul, the historian proceeds:
''•At his arrival at power, a sum óf 160,1100
francs in money [about 32,000 dollars] was all that
the public Thesis contained. * * * «
In the impossibility of meeting th  current service
by the ordinary receipts, the Directorial Govern-
ment hail resorted to rum,«us expedients, and ti.-.<l
thrown into circulat.on bills of various values* and
