Sept 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Hubbard.
57
Senate.,
operations clearly shows it. Prom the passage of
that act to the very day of suspending specie pay-
ments, the paper circulation has constantly been
diminishing. In May last it did not exceed a
hundred millions;-and it was the act of June, 1836,
and the subsequent promulgation of the Specie
■circular, which first imposed these checks upon
bank issues. So far from being the cause of a
redundant circulation, they operated as checks to
such a circulation. I have stated, and I believe
mos: truly stated, that anterior to June, 1836, the
deposite banks had put out on loan every dollar of
the public money. They had also, in connection
with the other banking institutions of the country,
extended their accommodations to the utmost
limit of their respective charters.
In order to show the true condition of banks, and
■of the public funds in deposite at the time of the
passage of the act of June 23, 1836,1 would refer
to some of the provisions of that act, and the sub-
sequent but necessary action of the Department to
carry those provisions into effect; from which it will
appear that the deposite banks were unprepared for
the crisis.
By the first section of that act, the Secretary of
ihe Treasury is required, as soon as may be prac-
ticable, to select and employ, as the depositories of
the public money of the United State*, certain lo-
cal institutions—one at least in each State and Ter-
ritory—'• and that he shall not suffer to remain in
any deposite bank an amount of the public menev
more than equal to three-fourths of the amount of
its capital stock actually paid in, for a longer time
than mav be necessary tn enable him to make the
transfers required by the act." And it will verv
distinctly appear, by a report communicated from
the Secretary of the Treasury to the Senate in De-
cember last, in answer to a resolution offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, that he commenc-
ed immediately making the necessary transfers
from those banks where there was too great an ac-
cumulation of the public money to the new select-
ed depositories; and, from an examination of this
document, it will appear that all the transfers were
not promptly answered; but, in repeated instances,
the banks on whom the transfer drafts were made,
asked indulgences of thirty, sixty, and ninety days,
and the request was granted, whenever it could
safely be done without disregarding the require-
ments of the law. The banks were not then pre-
pared for the crisis; the funds of the Government
had been disposed of; they were beyond the control
of the banks themselves; and until collections
could be made—until means could be drawn from the
individual debtors of those institutions—they could
not, with convenience, answer the claims of the
Government. I infer then, Mr. President, from
hese facts, that the money of the Government
which had been deposited with the local in-
stitutions, had been loaned prior to the pas-
sage of the deposite act; and that the distress
which now pervades our country, can not justly be
attributed to any action of the Government. The
prostration of the business, the disappointment
of the hopes, of our community has been the effect
of causes which they controlled, and with which the
Government had no concern. The deposite act
and the specie circular has had no other effect but
to hold the banks in check. That circular bears
date, July 11, 1836, and it was directed not only
to the receivers of the public money, but also to
all the deposite banks; and its avowed object and
purpose was to discourage the ruinous extension of
tank issues and bank credits, by which means
speculations and monopolies m the purchase of the
public lands were going forward in an alarming
extent. The late President, in his annual Message,
shows that, " from the returns made by the various
registers and receivers, it was perceived that the
sales of the public lands were increasing to an
unprecedented amount." " In effect, however,
the receipts from these sales amounted to nothing
more than credits in bank. Those credits were
rapidly increasing, and on some of the books of
the western banks were greatly beyond their
means of payment;" and ¡n consequence of this
state of things, to save the public domain, and to
preserve in security the public funds, the President
directed, that after the 15th day of August, 1836,
gold and silver and Virginia land scrip only should
be received for the public lands; and the effect
must have been to have checked the sale of the
public lands, and to have curtailed the paper circu-
lation. It very distinctly appears, that in June,
1836, the sales of the public lands amounted to
three millions, three hundred and seventy thousand
dollars, and that the aggregate amount of sales for
three months preceding the time when the Specie
circular was to take effect, was more than
eight millions and six hundred thousaid dollars;
while the agrégate amount of the sales for the next
following three months was about four and a half
millions—a reduction of one-half in amount; and
the average reduction was still «reater for the next
following five months, and up to the time of the
suspension by the banks of specie payment. Nor
could the effect of the circular be to withdraw or
to abstract from the banks, such an amount of
their specie basis as to embarrass their operations.
On referring to a document upon this subject, com-
municated by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Senate, on the 29th of December, 1836, it will ap-
pear, that the whole amount of gold received at
the land offices in August, September, October,and
November, 1836, was three hundred and sixty thou-
sand and sixty-nine dollars; and that the whole
amount of silver received at said offices in the same
period of time, was one million four hundred and
fortv-two thousand and eight hundred and seventy
dollar.-—making a total, i  gold and silver, of
$1,802,939. And from the same document it also
appears, that, from ihe 21st of July to the 24th of
October, 1836, the certificates granted by the Trea-
surer of the United States for speeie received at the
Department, amounted to $235,200—making, in
the whole, a little more than two millions of dol-
lars, which was abstracted from the spee'e capital
for the purchise of public lands, for a period of at
least four months ; while the whole amount of the
sales of the public lands for four months, includ-
ing the whole of August and November, 1836,
amounted to seven millions of dollars. The dif-
ference between the two millions paid in specie and
the amount of sales must have been provided for,
either in Virginia land scrip, oi in some other ac-
ceptable currency. It is, to my mind, idle to pre-
tend that the employment of two millions of
dollars in the purchase of public lands for this
period of time—the withdrawal of this amount from
the eightv millions of specie in the country—could
have embarrassed the banks (if no other cause of
embarrassment previously existed) in their busi-
ness operations, or could have tended to have
brought upon us the evils under which we are at
this time suffering.
If, as it has been contended, that one million of
specie purchased three millions of land, it furnishes
an additional fact, tending to show the dangerous
use of bank credits. In the whole history of our
Government, from its foundation, there has never
before occurred such an universal wreck of banks
and of business as now prevails. In New England
no such catastrophe has ever before overwhelmed
their local institutions. In the darkest and most
discouraging periods of our history, the banks of
New England have stood unmoved and undis-
turbed, secure in their own resources. They never
lost the support of public confidence, until this one
sad event has happened to them all; and the conviction
to which the mind must inevitably come is, that this
event has resulted from their connection with the
finances of the Government.
It is true, that in New York, and in other sec-
tions of the Union, there was a suspension by the
banks oí specie payment during the war; but that
was the effect of a combination of most extraordi-
nary circumstances; and the very fact of that tem-
porary suspension went to sustain the credit of the
Government, and bring the war to a favorable ter-
mination. But at a time of general peace, of uni-
versal prosperity, that this calamity should come
upon us, is matter of wonder and astonishment.
But its true cause is t.> ba found in the extraordi-
nary issue of bank paper, founded on individual
responsibility. In other words, it is nothing more
and nothing less than the gross abuse of individual
credit. It was not the deposite act, nor was it the
specie circular which broughtupon us this calamity.
The moving cause was beyond the coiiceptiefc @f
those measures. But, Mr. President, beforéí leave"
this part of the subject, I must undertake once more.
to say a word or two in defence of the Secretary of.
the Treasury, who, on this occasion, seems hot to^
find favor with all his old pelilicalfriends, -and who
is doomed to incur the severe animadversions of.all
his old political enemies. I could not have
suppo-ed that the Senator from Virginia woald
have undertaken to have cast any imputation up.
on the Secretary of the Treasury, for the manner
of his excuting the, deposite act of 1836. That
teas matter of grave charge against him at the last
session, by one of the Senators then representing
the State of Ohio, but no longer a member of that
body. But, strange as it may .^eem, the pecuniary
distress which now exists in our commercial cities,
has been here and elsewhere charged upon the Se-
cretary as the direct effect of the akwardmanner of
his executing that act. I undertook at the last ses-.
sion to answer the allegations of the Senator from
Ohio, and since the report of that distinguished of-
ficer was made to the Senate in answer .to the call ■
of the Senator from Massachusetts in relation to this
subject, I had not heard a word of complaint made •
asainst the Secretary of the Treasury, for the man-
ner of his carrying into effect the provisions of the
deposite act, until the Senator from Virginia re-
newed the charge. Mr. President, the Secretary
could not have done ¡ess, he might have done more.
In the report already referred to, the Secretary
remarks, that "on the passage of the deposite law,
and in execution of the first section of it, prohibiting
any amount over three-fourths of the capital of any
bank to be left in it longer than was necessary to
select new banks; and to complete .the transfers for
removing the excess, it became indispensable to
transfer for that purpose alone, about $18,300,000.
New transfers for tins whole amount became ne-
cessaiy. The Department, therefore, took imme-
diate steps, even before the adjournment of Con-
gress, to comply with this direction of the law. By:
a reference to the act itself, it will be found that the
Secretary had no course to pursue, but the one ex-
pressly marked out by the act. It was clearly his
duty to select as soon as was practicable, and to
employ as the depositories of the money of the
United States, such new banks as may be located
adjacent or convenient to the points or places at
which Ihe revenue may be collected or disbursed.
And the act expressly requires that the Secretary
shall not suffer to remain in any deposite bank an
amount of the pablic money more than three-
fourths of the capital stock actually paid, for .a
longer time than may be necessary to make the
transfers for the purpose of equalization. He could
not then have permitted the public money to re-
main in those deposite banks, where an amount
had accumulated beyound three-fourths of their
capital stock. He was bound to select new
depositories, and to make immediate transfers.
He was required to do this for the purposes of
equalization. This duty he attempted to execute,
and it was performed with as little embarrassment
to the banks, and to the commercial community,
as possible. If the Secretary had, regardless of
the conditions of those institutions, rigidly enforced
the provisions of the first section, of the act, the
deposite banks could not have sustained them-
selves. The Secretary made no transfers unless
absolutely required by the express terms of the act
itself. He was compelled at once to remove about
eighteen and a half millions of dollars from one
set of deposite banks, which then held of the pub-
lic money more than three-fourths of their capital
stock, to new depositories, selected in the different
States ; and for this duty he is charged with having
been unnecessarily instrumental in bringing upon
the country the existing prostration of the banks.
No man could ba less obnoxious to such a charge.
The known fidelity, uprightness, and industry, of
the Secretary of the Treasury in the' performance
of ever}' official duty, ought at least to protect him
from any such imputations.
From the annexed official statement, which ac*
companies the Secretary's Report, it very distinctly
appeal's that the amount of deposites had not been
withdrawn from the commercial Stales so as to
leave with them a less sum in deposite at the date
