Sept. 1837._______
25th Cong.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
és
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Walker.
Senaie.
question. The national bank project has been
voted down in this body by more than two to
one, and the question now is between the divorce
bill, and the re-adoption of the deposite bank
system without a national bank. Now these
gentlemen have repeatedly told us that, without
th? regulation of a national bank, State banks
must fail, and fail incessantly. I ask them, then,
as patnots, are they prepared to surrender the des-
tinies of their country, and all its resources, to the
safe-keeping ot banks which they themselves ad-
mit must and will fail, and of course reduce the
Government again to bankruptcy'' And is any
Senator prepared to readopt this system? Wh t
assurances can he give, that before another ye n
we may not again be called here by the sai c
causes which have now assembled us, vi? the fail-
ure of the banks and bankiuptcy of the Go; em-
inent? Sir, if we renew this system, instead of our
issuing commissions of bankruptcy against the
banks, the banks can issue a commission of bank-
ruptcy against this Government at their pleasure,
or even against their consent by a foiced suspen-
sion. But what is infinitely worse, oui national
honor may be tainibhed, and oui Fedeial Govern-
ment disgraced, whenever the Bankot England, bv
successive expansions of A menean credit to Ame-
rican houses, produces overtrading and overbank-
mg here, and then, by a sudden withdrawal of that
credit, causes first mercantile, and then bank fail-
ures, and thus arrests the opei ations of the Govern-
ment.
The history of one bank panic proves this impor-
tant fact. When the currency has been inflated by
the banksheie, andoureieditpushed into England,
and importations made to an extent heretofote un-
known, the Rankof England interposes—it suddenly
withdraws the accustomed facilities ft om the great
American houses The English pnvale and punt
stock banks, and the money lendeis, foilon in the
wake, and American stocks can no longer be sold, as
formerly, in the English market, or Amencan bills
discounted. The Bank of England goes on cur-
tailing, there is a teinfic fall in the price of cotton,
and a pressure for money ensues in England. The
letters of credit given by the English to American
merchants are withdrawn, and the latter is thus
deprived of the expected facilities of meeting his
acceptances at maturity, one of his bills is at length
protested, and the failute here of some great mer-
cantile firm is announced to the world, anothei,
and yet anodier follows, conndorce van slits, a pa-
nic ensues, ciedit is destroyed, the distiust becomes
general, the most solvent ni'Tohaiits cannot nego-
tiate even the best securities, more bills are pro-
tested; the panic goes on augmenting, there is a ge-
neral fall of the prices of all property and all pro-
ducts, the mercant le failures become almost uni-
versal, the failure of a ievvfirms bringing down
many others, and aU the endorsers for them
The banks which had discourted so manv ficti-
tious mercpnlile acceptances, can no longei pro-
cure payment The suspicion extends to them,
there is a run upon th m for specie, it continues
and increases, some one ot the banks suspends
specie payments, theie is a run upon all, and final-
ly all join in the general suspension Specie rises
m price, and bank notes depreciate, capital retires
during the general panic, specie is hoarded, and no
one will lend monev to an> one, except a few
brokers and shavers at exorbitant and íuinous dis-
count, and propelty and products can scarcely be
sold at any price lor cash. And now hundreds who
so lately in then papei ci edit balloons, had been
traversing both continents, the wotxW and envv ol
the world, aie seen thus suddenly to fall fiom the
heavens, without ev en a parachute to oear to the
earth these moM: unfortunate seionauts This is
the history of a real bank panic, and it continues,
till labor and its products come to lhe rescue, and
gradually repair the injury which over-liadm^ and
over-banking had done The banks now callm
their issues, and by the ruin of thousands, aie at
length enabled to lesume specie pavment, the
solvent banks and individuals are separated irom
the bankrupt, confidence is gradually releed, the
banks begin to reissue their paper, prices r se slow-
ly at first, but at length more lapidly, the banks,
eager to increase their profits, overissue again, over-
trading ensues, till a reaction takes place as befuie'
and the same disasters follow Such is, and wil*
be, the history of successive bank panics And is
the security of the people's Government to depend
upon the fluctuations ot such a system as this'
Must the Treasury become bankrupt, and Con-
gress be convened, whenever the banks think pro-
per to suspend specie payments, and withhold the
Government deposites? Is the credit of this Go-
vernment to rise or fall with that of the banks, and
the Treasury be reduced to bankruptcy, whenever
the banks so determine, or rather, when the Bang
of England so determines? for we have seen tint
this bank, by stimulating at one t>me the credit of the
Fnglish houses and bankers connected with the Ame-
rican trade, and then suddenlv withholding that cre-
dit, can produce extensive failures heie, and the sus-
pension of specie payments by the State institutions.
And can any patuotbe willing that this Government
should owe its revenue, its very existence, to the
Bank of England, or even to our own banks? Let
commercial credit use or fall as it maj ,lct the banks
lose oi maintain then credit, this Fedeial Govern-
ment, the only bond of oui Union, should never
be permitted to fail, whenever bank panics or
pressures assail us. Nor should it be forgotkn
that the danger increases at every step of our pro-
gress—that every epileptic fit renders the banks
weaker and weaker, and public confidence more
tremulous, and must necessarily render these bank
failures more and more frequent and extensive,
until soon, under the continuance of the existing
svstem, Government and bank failures will become
as ft eqnent as mercantile failures, andoureredit will
be 10 better than thens And if the danger is
great m peace, how infinitely greater m w ar? Who
can reflect with complaeencj, that but a jear or
two past we might have been engaged m a terrible
conflict v ith one of the greatest poweis oí Europe,
and at the same time the failure of deposite banks
might have deprived this Government of the means
of raising and equipping our forces, either by land
or sea, till our coast was ravaged, and our cities
and capital reduced to ashes. In peace we should
alwavs be prepared foi war, and vv e can not thus
be always ready, if our money is placed beyond
our conttol, loaned out bv banks that cannot refund
when the Government most requires it
But we are asked to ny this experiment again,
by endeavoring to confine the deposite banks, and
all others whose notes shall be receivtd m revenue
pavment, to 0 e i^uc of no no'es unc'ei twenty
dolHr-. Bj sink ng out twenty, aad mser ing five
do'hr no e-, tos would bv. but trying again the
same expoinrent which h">s already failed. Tne
fifth section of the dcpos.te bank law confined the
issue of the notes to five dollars It fnkd, and
now, when we can not, by the mere incidental
effect oí oui Tieastirv íegulitions, succeed in en-
forcing and maintaining the five dollar principle,
how could wc hope ft i such millonee o< er die
banks as 'o induce them to abandon the c>iculation
of allnotes undei twenty dollars? To then masters
ard creatois,fhe Str*e we must look foi a reform
of the svstem.
Rut the Senator fiom Kentucky tells Us mat
the bill under consideration would macase Execu-
tive patronage Noiv the bill createsno additional
offi ers, it gues to the President no addit.onal con-
t'd over the existing officer it merely imposes
addittona'duties up in ex'stmg officeis, inquiring
them not only to íecive, but to keep safelv, with-
out use or loan, till ti e per od tf disoursement, the
public monev s I can see here no mciea^e of
Executive patronage. But this question must be
examined bv oomnairson with the proposed su's i-
tute, naneh, a re adoption or the deposite bir 
sv stem Now, no argumenthasheretofore been n < re
stiongly urged 1 v tne opponents of the adm nitra-
tion, than !h° vast ard mcreas ng patronage the
deposite nan1 system would ccntci uron the Pres,-
dent of the United States. These banks vveie
denominated pet banks, the President1  banks,
and agam and again was it said th?t the
late Pres.duit desired to retan the surplus m
thoe banks, (ti ese miserable deposite banks,
as thev were then expicssly called bv the Senator
fiom Kentucuv) with a view to influence tne ap-
proaching e'ecnop,    Nor w as this aigument con-
fin d to this chamber, lut, m the Houst ,- e-
setatives, at the last session, a commit p, was
laised by the opposition to p ore, among ot icr
things, the corrupt and coriupiiEi influence of the
deposite bank system, as connee'ed with the agent
of that system, and the Trcsm Department. It
would be really amusing 10 iead some of the
speeches of the opposition members at that
period, denouncing the corruptms influences
of the deposite bmk system, and the vast pa-
tronage it conferred upon ihe Secietaty of the
Treasury. 1 have n n tune to read these speeches
to the Senate, but, lr>m th  documents presented
by this committee. I will reler to two letters by
them published. The first is fiom the cashier of the
deposite Bank of Burlington, Vermont, under date
of January 25, 1836 The casmer sa3s "Being
located in the same p'ace where a branch cf the
United States Bank was established, and, as we
aie a deposite bank, when the branch here disson-
tmued its operalions, the Dubhc seemed to expect
that we could at once afford the same facilities,
and accommodations thai they enjoyed when 'he
bianch was doing business There has been, en
the pan of oui directois, a, desire to meet this ex-
pectation; and the consequences has been that a
ceii/ sensible change has talen place, politically, t 
favor of the Government; and, as it ss our desneto
shengthen that -nhmenl, we feel that it is important
to afford our farmeis and met chants, the coming
spring, a piett/ extensive accommodation, m an-
ticipation ot the wool clip."
Here the sensible withal change in favor of the
Gore) iimeniproduce 1 by ih s bank depository,is clear-
ly staled, and the impoitance of augmenting it by
enabling the bank to discount more freely on t^e
Government deposites, is strongly urged bv the
cashier of the bank I might detain the Senate for
weeks bj quotations from similar letters, but on'y
make one other referente, it is to the letter of the
president, ditectors, and cashier of the Seventh
Ward Bank of New York to the Secretary of the
Treasury, dated December 16, 1833, and is as fol-
lows:
"We the subsenbers, officers, and directors  in.
the Seventh Ward Bank, m the city of New York,
f i lends   of the administration, and  ol   the revered
chief at the head  of   the Government, do solicit
a  portion of the fiscal patrovace of the United
States Treasury, for the Seventh Ward Bank; the
terms as those most favorable to the Government"'
Can anv man peruse this'e tcr v i'hout fee lings of
loathing and di ¿us', ¡ih it s i<-om fourteen of the
most respsc'able bank^is of our groat commercial
n e'iopoiis     Docs it not demons-irate the dangerous
tendencies and  influences o!   tins deposite   bank
system? an entire bank, thiough all its officctg and
directors, soliciting," a poition of the fiscal patronage
of the United States Treasury,'' on the grounds
that they were •' friends  of the administration'"
This report, published in March last, containing
these   documents,   I   never   pemsed    till    after
the close ol  the last sess'on of Congiess    The
deposite   bank   svstem, it  ¡s   well    known,   in
Mississippi, was in itson?m no favor.te measme
of mine, in fact, it was the first measure of our
patriotic President  to   wh'cl  I  had evcrexpres-
scd any dissent, and I onlv afterwaids gave it my
reluctant assent, as an  alternate e to whut the de-
velopments  of the spring  of 1834 demonstrated
to be a greater evil, and still more dangerous mea-
sure, the establishment of anv B?nk of the United
Slates.    But win can pem^e these letteis, and deny
m the face of the Americin peop'e that this depo-
site bank svstemdidcncimojslj mciea.se the power
and fiscal patrcnage   of the Government, and that
m the hanus of a  corrupt  Secretary, and aspiring
Pics dent, it might be made apolitical engine of the
mist dmgeruus and aiaimmg chai?cter?    That it
was   not so  used or attempted to be used by our
venerable President, or incorrupt ble Secret-rv, is
pioved bv the documents aecompanv mg the reports to
wh ch I have referred, but that it was susceptible of
such abuse is  also as cle-nij demonstrated     And
what is the  extent of   this "¡seal  patronaget"
Why, by  the  last return  m the Secretary of the
Treasury we  see, tinder  'he bsl law, the number
of deposits banks increased to 89, with upwards oí
eighty mJ.no.« of capital, and duseounts of note5
