Wmm*mmmi........u.......mmm.....................-----------------—-
8¿                                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________Oct. 1837.
25th CoNs....lst Sess.                                Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Parmenter.            _____________________H. of Reps.
unless it was for the purpose of keeping those offi-
ces constantly filled? It -would seem to be impos-
sible to forego the conclusion that this was the pur-
pose of the convention, and no other. In conside-
• ring this point, gentlemen seemed to htm to have
erred in taking itYor granted that Congress and the
States had done every thing required of them by
the Constitution, when there had, according to his
view of the subject, been a glaring omission by
both, in all cases in which the election of Repre-
sentatives in Congress has been postponed beyond
the day on which the constitutional term commences
' biennially, counting from the 4th day of March,
1789. He therefore came to the conclusion, which
he did not believe a proper examination of the
subject could resist, that a perpetual office having
been created, perpetual succession must follow as
an inevitable consequence; and whenever such
perpetual succession is broken, either by the aet of
the incumbent, or the constituent body entitled to
fill it, a vacancy existed in the contemplation of the
Constitution, which it is the right, and not only the
right, but the duty, of the Governor to cause to be
filled, by issuing his writ of election.
But to show the mischievous consequences of the
opposite doctrine, it w< uld be sufficient to state,
that there was an actual House of Representatives
in existence, on the 4th of March last, by the pre-
vious'election of more than one hundred and forty
members, making a constitutional quorum for the
transaction of business. Suppose some great national
contingency had then made it the duty of the Presiden t
"to convene Congress at the earliest practicable pe-
riod? There was a constitutional quorum for the
transaction of business in existence; and<no one can
deny the constitutional power of the Executive,
under the contingency supposed, to, call them to-
gether. But although a quorum might have been
M) convened, and might constitutionally have pro-
ceeded to transact the public business, a majority
of the States would have remained unrepresented
for months, unless their respective Governors had
issued writs of election, according to the plain in-
tent and meaning of the clause of the Constitution
requiring them to issue writs of election for filling
vacancies in this body.
But there is another view of the subject which
bears upon this question. It has been contended,
that as the States sre only required to elect repre-
sentatives once in two years, the time of election
is, with them, wholly a matter of discretion. But
this iscerlainly an erroncon- view of the subject, as
that discretion was plainly intended to be limited
by the necessity of the case; the necessity of keep-
ing a perpetual succession unbroken and entire.
By the Constitution, no day was fixed for commen-
cing the operations of the new Government. That
was settled by an ordinance of the Congress which
ceased to exist the moment the Federal Constitu-
tion went into operation; and the 4th day of March,
1789, was the day appointed by them. As the
Constitution fixed the representative term at two
years, and as that term was to date its commence-
ment at the 4th of March, the elections in the seve-
ral States were intended to conform to it. If this
principle should not govern, and a majority of the
¿Stales postpone, as they now postpone, their elec-
tion  beyond the day on whieh the term com-
mences, their representatives are not elected for the
term prescribed by the Constitution; and hence we
arrive at the result, that in all such cases there is a
vacancy, and such a vacancy as is contemplated by
the Constitution in the clause empowering and re-
quiring their Governors to fill vacancies. If,
then, by the negligence of those States and of
Congress, the perpetuity of the succession has
been broken, how can that deprive a Governor of
his constitutional right, or excuse him from his
high cons'ituiiony' obligation, to see that the vacancy
shall be filled? There is certainly no conflict
between the rights of the States or of Congress on
the one hand, and the Governor on the other, under
this view of the subject. It was made the duty of
Legislatures of the States, and in deiault of them, of
Ccngress, to keep up a perpetual succession in the
repiesentative body; and in the failurp of either to
de s-\ the right and the duty of the Governor of a
State requires of him to supply the omission. Nol-
is this view dcrogatofy to the rights of the people,
but in support and affirmance of them. In the case
already supposed, or a convention of Congress at
the commencement of the constitutional term,
according to the doctrine advanced by those who
oppose the regularity of the Mississippi election on
the ground that there was no vacancy, a majority
of the States, under their present election laws,
might remain unrepresented for months, and their
constituency unheard in this body. But, according
to the view presented by him, every State in the
Union would be represented with no more delay
than might be necessary for their Governor to con-
vene the electors by his proclamation. The conclu-
sion of his argument was, that as the representative
office is perpetual, and as that carries with it per-
petual succession, if the State Legislature shall so
leave it that on the fourth of March, corresponding
with the biennial commencement of the representa-
tive term m this House, any State shall be unrepre-
sented, a vacancy has happened, on which arises
the power and the obligation of the Governor to
cause it to be filled. lie said he was aware that
this might be considered a novel doctrine; but it
was the legitimate consequence of his original pro-
position, the perpetuity of the representative office, and
its necessary result of a perpetual succession; and he
had already shown that the people were deeply
interested in the establishment of the doctrine. If,
then, his premises and conclusion were legitimate,
there was a vacancy m the representation of the
State of Mississippi, requiring of the Governor to
issue his writ of election for filling it; that such
writ had been issued; the people had assembled
at the places, and held the election in the manner
required, and as a consequence, the honorable gen-
tlemen claiming seats in this House as representa-
tives from that State, are as clearly entitled to them
as any members belonging to it. In regard to the
second point in. the case, the limitation attempted to
be imposed by the Governor upon the term for
which members were to be elected, it seemed to
him to be waste of words to discuss it. There was
a vacancy, and a vacancy running to the close of
the Congressional term. The Govenor was not
only authorized, but required to issue his writ of
election to fill it. He did issue that writ, and be-
cause of the attempt to limit the term to the present
session, will any one seriously urge that the whole
proceeding is vitiated by it?
For whose benefit w-as that election ordered to
take place? For the people of Mississippi. By
whom was it conducted? By the people who were
interested in it. And so far as we are informed,
the whole canvass was conducted with a perfect
understanding, that the election would cover the
remainder of the term of the twenty-fifth Congress.
And more, the canvass was animated, the election
was full, and decided by a large majority. Who
then will have the hardihood to say, because the
Governor in performing his constitutional duty of
ordering an election to fill a vacancy, attempted^to
limit and control the duration of that vacancy, that
the full and free expression of the public will of
the State of Mississippi shall pass unregarded in
this House? For his own part, in every question
involving the rights of the people, he should al-
ways be found in support of those rights to the
best of his ability.
REMARKS OF MR. PARMENTER,
Of Massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,   Wednesday, Oct. 4,
1837—On the bill to  authorize the issuing of
Treasury notes.
Mr. Speaker: I have listened with great in-
terest to the observations of my honorable col-
league who has just taken h's seat (Mr. Fletcher)
as I always have elsewhere, when I have had an
opportunity, from my great respect for his high
moral worth and distingished talents, but entertain-
ing somewhat different views from those present-
ed by him and other gentlemen on the same side
of the question, I will with your leave state the
grounds upon whieh I dissent
My colleague assumes two conditions which he
considers as indispensable prerequisites to the pro-
!j priety of supporting the bill  under consideration,
which are: first, that the Treasury is in need of the
money; second, that the proposed mode is the best
one for raising the money. On the importance of
establishing these points, I agree with him, and
shall endeavor to show why I consider the present
bill necessary, and the best calculated for the con-
venience both of the Government and the people.
It has been remarked by several gentlemen du-
ring the debate, but not by my colleague, that they
did not clearly comprehend the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and they have avowed their
inability to come to any definite conclusion, as to
the real state of the Treasury. This opinion was
expressed and urged, immediately upon the report
being laid upon our table, by members usually ar-
dent in their political predilections and prejudices,
quite as socn as it could be expected that so vo-
luminous a document, embracing views of finance
and public policy, as well as various statistics,
could be examined.
Having long entertained the most favorable
impressions of the superior talents of the Secretary
of the Treasury, whose ability and assiduity in the
duties of his high stations, have been almost pro-
verbial in the nation for many years, I read his
report with great attention, and discovered, as I
thought, a plain, lucid, and perspicuous view of
the finances of the country. I put down, therefore,
in my own mind, the attacks upon him as the effu-
sion of political opposion, without any more mean-
ing than the general dissatisfaction of those who
disagree with the present administration. I am
the more confirmed in this impression, because,
since the first few days of this session, after an
opportunity of fid! examination, all this hostility
to the report of ihe Secretary has ceased, and it ap-
pears to me to be generally considered a correct,
able, and interesting exposition of the finances and
financial concerns of the country. I find by this
report that there will be, in all probability, at the
end of the year 1837, if there should be no deduc-
tions from the outstanding appropriations, a deficit
of about twenty-two millions of dollars; but if, as the
Secretary of the Treasury supposes, fifteen millions
of dollars of unexpended appropriations may pass
over to the year I838,then there would be an absolute
deficit of seven millions of dollars, to meet which,
and for contingencies, and for the purpose of having
a balance in the Treasury, on the first of January,
1838, this bill proposes an authority to the Trea-
sury Department to issue ten millions of dollars of
Treasury notes. This amount would have been
nineteen or twenty millions of dollars, if the pay-
ment of the fourth instalment of the surplus re-
venue had not been postponed to January 1st, 1839;
and it will be seen by the conditions of the post-
ponement bill, that the Treasury is entirely cut off
from getting back any of ihe twenty-seven millions
distributed among the States, which by the original
law the Secretary would have had a right to call
for.
Now, sir, my respected colleague would appro-
priate the nine and a half millions in deposite
banks, and four jmd a half millions standing to the
credit of disbursing officers in said banks, or as
much as may be necessary to meet the wants of
the Treasury. If this could be done there would,
of course, be no need of issuing Treasury notes.
But have we not a bill now before us, giving the
rteposite banks from four to nine months for the
payment to the Government of the balances due?
Is it not agreed, on all hands, that the security of
the debt, the welfare of the people of the States in-
terested, require an accommodation? Has not one
of the Representatives of a State in which two of
the deposite banks, having a large balance, are lo-
cated, saki on this floor that it would be impossible
for the banks lo pay within the time proposed by
the bill now before us, and that he should ssk for
more time? Is there the slightest doubt in this
House that {he bill from the other branch, now
before us, must pass, or, if amended, by showing
greater indulgence? This resource will then fail.
As to the amount of four and a half millions in.
the hands of disbursing officers, there must al-
ways remain from three to five millions of dollars
in their hands. All experience has shown such
amount to be necessary. These sums are drawn
to pay contracts actually fulfilled, and always be-
