Sept. 1831
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
25th Co\TG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate;
has covered an! is covering the face of our vast
country Willi rail-roads and canals, and has enabled
a nation, centuries behind in the start, to surpass
all lier rivals in the career of internal improve-
ment. If I had the power I would regulate this
spirit; I would limit it within proper bounds;. God
forbid that I should destroy it.
It is impossible that manufactures and commerce
can flourish to any great degree in this country
■without the aid of extensive credit. I would not,
therefore, abolish banks if I could. A return to a
pure metallic currency is impossible. To make
such an attempt would be ruinous as well as absurd-.
It would at once diminish the nominal value of all
property more than fifty per cent.; and would, in
effect, double the amount of every man's debts, ft
would enrich creditors at the expense of their debt-
ors, and thus make the rich richer, and the poor
foorer. It would paralyze industry and enterprise,
would give enterprise wholesome food to feed
upon ; but would not drive it into mad speculation,
by administering unnatural stimulants.
What power does this Government possess to re-
gulate the banking system of the country'! None—
comparatively none'. It belongs to the States. We
shall soon see whether they will exert this powei
in a wise and beneficial manner. Every obstarle
lia* been removed from their course by the general
suspension of specie payments. But the banks are
all powerful. Their presidents, their directors,
their cashiers, their stockholder?, and their agents-,
pervade our whole society. They are spread over
the land. A common interest will unite them in a
solid phalanx for the purpose of making a common
effort. They will invade our halls of legislation,
and exert all the influence which thev may possess
with every department of our State Governments,
for the purpose of preserving their exorbitant
privileges. The people may now establish these
institutions upon a stable and useful foundation.
The conflict will be tremendous, and I confess I
tremble for the result. The weal nrthe wo ol this
country, for many years to come, depends upon the
issue.
In this crisis all which the General Government
can effect is, in the first place, to withhold its deposites
from the banks, and thus refrain from contributing
their funds to swell the torrent of wild speculation ;
and, in the second place, to restrain the extrava-
gance of their credits and issues, in some small
degree, by collecting and disbursing our revenue
exclusivelv m specie, or in the notes of banks who
will pay the balances due from them in specie, at
short intervals. To accomplish these two purposes,
as well as to render the public revenue more se-
cuie, arc the objects of the bill and amendment now
before the Senate.
The evils of a redundant paper circulation are
now manifest to every eye It alternately raises
and sinks the value of every man's property. Ii
makes a beggar of the man to-morrow who is in-
dulging in dreams of wealth to-day. It converts
the business of society into a mere lottery; whilst
those who distribute the prizes are wholly irre-
sponsible to the people. When the collapse comes,
as come it must, it casts laborers out of employ r cnt,
cruslies manufacturers and merchants, and ruins
thousands of honest and industrious citizens. Shall
we, then, by our policy, any longer contribute to
snch fatal results 1    Thai is the question.
The system oí' extravagant banking benefits no
person except the shrewd speculator, who knows
how to take advantage of the perpetual fluctuation
in prices which a redundant paper currency never
fails to produce. He sees, m the general causes
which operate upon the commercial world, when
money is about to be scarce, and when it will be-
come plenty. He studies the run as a gambler
does that of the ca rds. He knows when to buy and
when to sell, and thus often realizes a large estate
in a few happy ventures. Those who have been
initiated into the mysteries of the paper money
market, can thus accumulate rapid fortunes at the
expense of their less skilful neighbors.
The question before the Senate, is not, whether
we shall divorce the Government from the banks.
The banks themselves have done that already.
The alliance is already dissolved. The question
now is, shall we, with all the experience of the
past, restore this ill fated union. No propitious
divinities would grace the new nuptials; but the
fatal sisters would be there ready again to cut the
cord at the first approach of difficulty and danger.
The Senator from Virginia, (Mr. Rives,) has
appealed to us in the name of consistency to sup-
port his amendment. But circumstances have
entii sly changed since wc voted for it at the last
session. Then the union existed between the banks
and the Treasury, and his bill prescribed the rela-
tive duties of the contracting parties. Now the
contract is at an end. The banks have violated its
fundamental obligations, and the Government is
free. The preliminary question now is, shall we
enter into a new alliance. We must first determine
that w'e shall, before any question of consistency
can arise. Should we again connect ourselves with
the banks, then, and not till then, can we be called
upon to adopt rules regulating the union. The
amendment of the Senator from Virginia proceeds
upon the assumption that our former relations are
to be restored I oppo.-e the amendment mainly
because I am hostile to this reunion. If Congress
should first determine to restore the old relations
between the parties, then, and not till then, might
there be some force m an appeal to our consistency.
We arc left at this moment entirely free to decide
what is best to be done with the public money. To
use the language of the Senator from South' Caro
lina, (Mr. Calhoun,) we have reached a point
from whence «cue about to take a new i'.epartuí e.
Bui three courses have been, or m the nature of
things can be, presented for our selection. We
must either deposite the public money in a bank of
the United States, to he crested for that purpose;
or restore it to the State banks; or provide for its
safe custody in the hands of our own officers, with-
out the agency of any bank—state or national.
And first, in regard to the creation ot anoihei
bank ot the United States.—It was not my pur-
pose, at this tune, to offei my objections in detail to
such an institution. Even if I had intended to
present my view;, fully upon this subject, the over-
whelming vote of the Senate on Tuesday Inst,
against the establishment of such a hank, would
vara me to forbear. It would be labor lost and
tune expended m vavn. I shall content myself,
therefore, with a few general observations open
this branch oí ihe subject, and a siioit reply to some
of the remarks which have been made by the ad-
vocates of á new bank.
In my opinion the most alarming dangers which
would result from such an mstituuon, have never
yet been presented m bold relief before the people.
This has arisen from the unnatural position oí
that institution towards the Government. We
have seen u struggl mg against the Executive power:
and its efforts have been tremendous. They would
have been irresistible against any other President
than Andrew Jackion. As it was, the conflict was
of the most portentous character and shook the
Union to its centre. But wc have witnessed the
exception ; not the rule. It is the natural ally, not
the enemy of power. Wealth and power necessa-
rily attract each other, and are always ready to rush
to each others embrace, in ihe language once
used by a distinguished orator now no more,
(Mr. R.Avnoi.pii.) "male and female created he
them.'' Suppose General Jackson and the bank
had been in alliance and not in opposition' What
then might have beentheeonsequences. hod he been
an enemy to the libeities ot his country? Armed
with all the power and all the patronage which
belong to the President of ihe United States, enjoy-
ing unbounded pupnlaiity and wielding the com-
bined wealth of the country through the agency of
this all powerful bank and it-- hi anches, planted in
everv portion of the Union ;-can any man say that
our liberties would not have been m danger'? Ail
the forms of the constitution miaht have remain-
ed; the people might still have been flattered with
the idea ot electing their own officers; but the
animating spirit of our free institutions would
have departed forever. A secret, an all pervading
influence, would have sapped the foundations of
liberty and made it an empty name. Under SKch
circumstarces a President might always select his
successor. But, thank Heaven, the clanger has
passed away and I trust forever.
If any ot my friends on this side of the house,
who advocate the establishment of a national ban!:,
should be elected President, and if theic political
principles arc to pievail with a majority ci the peo-
ple of this country, that majority ci r.ld not make a
better selection, in what situation shall we be placed ?-
One of the first measures of the admmistiation
would be to establish a magnificent bank of the
United States, with a capital of at least fifty mil
lions of dollars, and with branches throughout the
different States. A feeling of gratitude towards
their creator would render them subservient to his
would be their pride and their pleasure ¿o
his influence and to extend Iiis jjower.
will.    Il ■
promoter
We should have no more wars between the bank
and the Government. They would move on har-
moniously together. In other days, ihe time might
arrive when the bank would be used by some bad
and aspiring President as a powerful instrument to
subvert the liberties of his country.
Even if such a bank could better regulate the
currency and the domestic exchanges of the counfry
than any other instrument, still it would be infinite-
ly better to bear the ills we have than to endanger
the existence or the purity of our free institutions.
But would such a bank control and regulate ihe
issues of the State banks 1 I answer, no. it would
not if it could, it could not if it would. In the af- "
fairs of human life, if you expect one agent to re-
strain and control another, you ought to render
either their interests or their inclinations different
and counteracting. To accomplish this purpose, they
must be " anlagoivislical" to each other. When
such agents are corporations, this is emphatically
true. Peculiarly governed by self interest, they
feel no enthusiasm unless it be to make large divi-
dends for their stockholders. Now a bank of the
United States would have, precisely the saine inter-
est with the State banks, m making extravagant
loan < and issues "Whenever, in their estimation,
they could extend their accommodations, withouten-
dangerihg their own security, they would pursue
that course. This is the powerful msjincf of selt
interest. You cannot change the fixed laws which
govern human nature, by making men directors
and stockholders in a bank of the United States.
It is absuid to suppose that a large moneyed corpo-
ration, having m view solely its own interests, will
voluntarily became the regulator of the paper cur-
rency of a great nation, and prevent those ruinous
contractions and expansions under which both Eng-
land and this country have peuodically suffered.
I! would be easv for me to prove, at least to my own
satisfaction, that in nt.int of fact, neither the first
nor the last hank of ihe United States, ever did ex-
ercise a regular and efficient control over the issues
of the State banks. On the contrary, whenever
their interest impelled them to extend their own
issues, they have pursued this course, and thus in-
stead of cheeking they have given loose reins to
the State banks. Both the one and the others have
thus rushed together, and have together ministered
to 'hat spirit of over-trading and extravagant spec-
ulation which has so ofien desolated our country.
To pursue such a course of illustration would,
however, be to revive the old controversy; to tread
the ground which has been so often trodden, and
to divert me from that which more essentially be-
longs to ihe present question.
The mistake committed m regard to the deposite
banks, was ihe belief that they would be able and
willing to restrain the issues of the other State
banks. Fortified with the public deposites, and
numerous as they were, they might possibly liave
done something' towards the accomplishment of
such a purpose. But bank like—human nature
like, instead of aiming at any such result, the Gov-
ernment deposites became the mstmment in their
hands of still more extravagant credits and circu-
lation. Their object seemed to be not to restrain,
but tu give loose reins to the other banks, and to
themselves, and thereby increase their own profits.
But could a bank of the United States, even if
it would, regulate and control the issues of the State
banks. I have a striking fact to present to the Sen-
ate whidi hear  directly upon ibis point. The
Bank of England has recently been placed in such
a peculiar situation that it became its interest to
use its power for the purpose of contracting ¡he cir-
culation of the local banks throughout the kingdom.
It was compelled to make the attempt by an over-
ruling regard, not onlv for its own security, but for
its very existence. This effort proved wholly una-
vailing.
TheBr.nkof Rngland was re-chartered for ten
years iu August, 3 «33. Previous to its re-charter
its capital was £14,553,000 sterling. This whole
sum was loaned to the Government. According to
the provisions of the last charter, one-fourth part of
th : lebt due from the public to the bank was to be
repaid. This was done by the assignment of that
amount of three per cent, stock to the bank by the
commissioners for the reduction of the national
debt. But as no division has been made of this
amount among the proprietors, the hank capital,
for every practical purpose, may still be estimated
at £14,553,000, or $70.000,000.   This bank ha?
