'W8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Clay.
Oct. mil.
Senate.
speculation in the public lands, which was so much
and so justly complained of throughout the coun-
try. The Specie circular had proved inadequate to
effect this object, though it had, no doubt, contri-
buted to lessen the evil. The specie paid into the
-hands of the receivers for the purchase of public
lands, was, under the late system, deposited
in the banks, and by them again loaned out
to land speculators, by whom it was again paid to
the receivers, and again deposited in the banks
—i/te same identical specie thus performing a per-
petual round, and employed in that way to effect
numerous purchases in the public lands. If bank
notes are.again made receivable in the public dues,
the facility of obtaining them, by loans from the
banks, will revive the spirit of speculation in the
public lands, and the public domain will soon pass
almost entirely into the hands of speculators. By
requiring payment in gold and silver, and placing
it in the hands of individual depositories when col-
lected, it effectually cuts off the means of conduct-
ing these operations: first, because the banks will
not loan their specie to speculators, when they
know it will not be returned to them again in the
shape of Government deposits. Secondly, when
paid into the hands of individual depositories, it
cannot be used in loans to speculators without in-
curring very severe penalties, but will return to
e^ijculation among the public only in the form of
Government disbursements.
If the observation that the adoption of this prin-
ciple would furnish " one currency for the Govern-
ment, and another, of inferior value, for the peo-
ple," was intended for argument, certainly 'none
was more shallow and easily refuted. If it w¿&
intended as a mere attempt at popular delusion,
then he would say none was m re easily detected.
To whore, he would ask, did the Government be-
long, for whom this money was to be collected"?
"Why, to the people. To whom did the money be-
long, thus collected? To the people. For whose
benefit was it to be expended? Certainly for their
benefit. Nothing could be of such great public
utility, as the steady and regular administration of
the Government, for which purpose it was to be
used.
If carried into practice, it was destined, as he be-
lieved, to perform an eminently beneficial public
purpose. It would raise the Federal Government
above the influence of bank corporanons, and place
it on its own proper energies, to discharge the grett
and important irusts confided to u. It would bring
into circulation, necessarily, more of the precious
metals, and in that way form a mixed currency,
now almost exclusively composed of paper. The
■liberties and prosperity of the country were now
almost sinking beneath the eitecis und abuses of
the paper system. The Friera! Government was
the only powercompelcnt to redeem it from that
situation, [f vías bound, constitutionally, to exert
its power to restore, as far as it could, the only
kind of currency it was. authorized to establish.
That it would prove of great advantage to the
country he could not doubt. Not onlv to the peo-
ple themselves, by being the means of diffusing a
more extensive metallic currency, but to the banks,
likewise, by affording them, in its wider circula-
tion, a fund to recruit from in times of exigency.
In short, that which was denounced as a measure
destructive to the banks, and to the interests of the
people, was a measure, in his estimation, emi-
nently calculated to benefit both.
,Mr. B. in conclusion, said it was now verr ap-
parent, that the decision of Congress would be ul-
timately narrowed down to a choice between the
plan of'fisoa' agency, then pioposed, and the estab-
lishment of a national bank. The State banks had,
on a fair trial, proved themselves incapable of ful-
filling the dunes oí such a trust, and if again re-
sorted to, would, in all piobabih'iy, sooner or later,
. present a repetition of the difficulties in which they
had recsntly involved the Government and the
Country. To the creation of a national bmk, in
ati> *brm, he hadobjections of an insuperable cha-
racter. -The argument made by gentlemen who
had preceded him in debate against its constitu-
t;onali'y, was unanswered and unanswerable. The
objections to it, as a measure of expediency, were
equally strong and decisive.   The remedy which
it would afford would be worse than the disease,
which its friends professed its capacity to relieve.
Besides its tendency to produce pecuniary distress
for some time before it could go into operation, if
established under the pressure of the present pre-
tended necessity, it would be fixed on the country,
notwithstanding any abuses ii might commit, for
ages to come. The argument would be constantly
and readily u-^ed, by its adyocrttes, that it must be
continued, or the prosperity of the country ruined.
Its >uccess would bring into power, as a neces-
sarv consequence, the political party who have sup-
ported such a system with such zeal and perse-
verance, in all its fortunes. With such an institu-
tion, devoted, as it would be, to the party that
placed it in ascendancy, the Government would be-
come stronger than the people, and their will would
be superseded. It would be hailed as a triumph
by the friends of the moneyed power in America
and Europe, over that spirit of liberty and inde-
pendence now existing in the Republic.
SPEECH OF MR. CLAY,
Of  Alabama,
In the Senate of the United Slates, Wednesday, Oct.
4, 1837.—The bill "imposing additional duties,
as depositories in certain cases, on public offi-
cers," being under consideration, and on its third
reading—.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, addressed the Senate to
the following effect:
Mr. President : Before the vote is taken on the
passage of this bill, I must ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a few moments. Until very recent-
ly, I had intended to remain silent; but resarding
the importance of the measure, its capacity for good
or evil effects throughout the country, and the re-
sponsibility of the vote I am about to give, I am
anxious that the principles and vipws by which Í
am governed shall be correctly understood.
By the able debate, which has so long occupied
the Senate, and to which I have listened with the
deepest interest and attention, the mersure before
us has been made to assume a triple aspect. Shall
we pass the bill under consideration, and confine
the receipt and disbursement of the nublic money
to individual officers and agents? Or, shall we
continue the State banks and local institutions as
our depositories and agents? Or, would it be bet-
ter to charter a national bank? or recharter the late
bank of the United States? Thus has been brought
in review the whole history of the Government, as
regards its financial affairs, and its agency in regu-
lating the currencyof the country.
I confers, sir, when this clelicat.-- am! important
subject was first brought, forward, I had some hesi-
tation, some doubt, as to its probable tendency;
but the moie I have reflected, deliberitcd, investi-
gated the subject, the better I have become satisfied
that its effects will be salutary, in regard to the
immediate interests of the Government itself, and
that they will not be pernicious ; but, on ihe con-
trary, beneficial to the interests of the people—our
constituents.
As the measure was first proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, I apprehended the disconnec-
tion—divorce, if you choose—of the Government
from the banks would be too sudden, and would
consequently cripple the banks, and occasion a
shock in the monetary affairs of the country gene-
rally. But, sir, these ' apprehensions have been
obviated and removed by the amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Cal-
houn,) a% it is now modified. Under that amend-
ment, the bills of such banks as now pay specie, or
as may think proper to resume specie payments,
will be receivable in payment, and to the full
amount, of all public dues, for customs, lands-, etc.
till the 1st of January, 1839; thereafter, three-
fourths of such public dues, till the ]>t of January
1S40 ; thereafter, one-half till the 1st of January,'
1841; and, thereafter, one-fourth till the 1st of
January, 1842.
Here, then, is inducement held out to the banks
now paying to continue, and to such as have stop-
ped to resume specie payment?. We say to them,
in effect: " We invite you  to resume specie pay-
ments; show that you are solvent, that your notes
are cenvertible into specie when desirable, and we
will receive them in payment for public lands, and
for all other revenue;" in the strong language, of
s ime of the gentlemen who have addressed us, "do
this, and we will endorse your notes." What
stronger motive could be held out to such banking
institutions as are solvent, honest, and desirous to
effectuate the purposes of their creation? If the
public interest and convenience be the object of
bank directors, as legitimately tbey ought, would
they not, by responding to this invitation anj. offer
on our part, give greater value to their paper, give it
a wider eircr./ation, and adapt it to the «se and inte-
rest of the community? And would not such banks
as resumed at once derive all the advantages of
superior credit, furnish the circulating medium,
and do the business of the country, to the exclusion
of such as failed or refused to comply? The an-
swer is palpable; no man can doubt on these ques-
tions.
Again, sir: The change in the mode of collecting
the public revenue, in the kind of money receiva-
ble for it, will be so gradual as to occasion no
shock whatever, to the credit of the banks, or to
the commercial community. Before we entirely
discontinue receiving bank paper, more than four
years will have elapsed. All this time will be
allowed for the banks and merchants to adapt their
business to the new system contemplated, and con-
form their business to the new state of things. It
will give time for the State Legislatures to regulate
their banking institutions, so as, in future, to pre-
vent over-issues of paper—to restrain them from
generating, or encouraging, a spirit of over-trading,
and inordinate speculation!-— to restrain them from
making promises they cannot redeem—and thus
restore to the country a sound circulating medium,
and the just equilibrium of trade, and business of
every description.
Moreover, we, ourselves, shall have time to see
how the new system works—to check its velocity,
if it be too great—or accelerate it if it be too slow;
and modify it. in all respects, as its results may
indicate to be safe and expedient. As already
shown, no change ia the description of funds re-
ceivable for public dues, will take place for the
next fifteen months; for the year 1830, a reduction
of oue-fourlh; for 1840, one-half may be paid in
specie-paying bank paper; and so on to the con-
summation of the plan. If it be discovered that
the policy operates injuriously, there will be ample
time to amend or modify it.
But, sir, I have no apprehension that any inju-
rious result will follow the adoption of this mea-
sure. The chief embarrassment  of the commu-
nity have arisen out of inordinate expansions of the
c rculatmg medium, excessive accommodation's,
begetting extravagance and reckless speculations;
arid then sudden contractions, withdrawals of thoje
enormous loons, reductions of the amount of cir-
culation, and thus, almost in a moment, reducing
the value of property one-third; sometimes one-
half. The Government deposites have, doubtless,
heretofore nurtured and increused this propensity
of all banks to excessive issues and accommoda-
tions. They have loaned out the public money, as
if their own; and when called upon to pay it over,
they have been necessarily compelled to press and
coerce payments from their borrower?, who had, in
their turn, treated this borrowed monpy as their
(iwn, and have thus occasioned embarrassment, the
sacrifice of property, and, in too many instances,
the impoverishment and ruin of their customers.
To illustrate the correctness of these remarks, I
need only refer you to Ihe greater pecuniary dis-
tress and embarrassment of communities around
any of the banks which have been large deposito-
ries of the public money, compared with those
remote from such institutions. If they have no
large sums of public money on general deposite on
which to grant accommodations, they will know
and understand better the proper limits to prescribe
to jheir liberality; they will have no fluctuations, no
augmentations or diminutions of capital to mis-
lead-Jhem; their accommodations will be more
unifofil, and the amount of their circulation bear
• some ■ relation to. the amount of specie in their
vaults.   Tnis being brought about, the value of
