Oct. 1837.___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________,m
25th Cong.... 1st Sess.                                           District Banks—Mr. Hubbard.                                                              Senate.
we give our absent to this bill we give our assent
to a measure that is to convulse the country. For
one, Mr. Speaker, letme lell gentlemen, that n?mes
have no terror for me. I have no fear that this
bill will enable the President to place himself above
the Constituuon and the people, I am not so timid
that I can be alarmed by such bug-bear appeal! to
my courage.
But why, let me ask, have we this constant cry
of bank, bank, from the known bank partv on this
floor1 It has been said that this biil was intended to
defeat a National Bank. I am willing to place it
on that issue before the American people; I will,
and do, hereby decíate my assent to this mea-
suie, humble as gentlemen say it is, and at
the ¡.ame time I avow my decided opposition to
any national bank. And, sir, if convulsions,
anarchy and confusion are to be the conse-
quences of our lefusal to charter a national
bank, let them come, and I shall bepiepaied to
meet them. Sir, I have stated that names have no
terror for me. I am in favor of this bill I wish
these Treasury no'es to enter into the circulation
of the county, and if they do get into circulation,
depend upon it, sir, the one-half of youi embairass-
ments will be removed at the instant they find then
way from the hands of the Secretary This bill
has no similitude to a bank, Mr Speaker, and if
gentlemen attempt to distort it into any thing of
the kind, tney will get the.r labor foi the pain*.
The Treasurer, undei it, has no power to issue
bills, except as the creditors of the Government
may require them The passage of the bill will
not enable the Secretary of the Treasury to throw
thousands and millions of paper into circulation n
a day, by which the pi ice of property, and of labor,
and of every thing else, will íeceive fic'irious valu-
ations, and then bv suddenly withdrawing the cir-
culation, depress the pnce of the same substances
and properties fai ben^aih their rnnnsic value
Mr Spe?k=r, I respectfully asir gentlemen to do
me the favoi of pointing out the resemblance
that this bill bears to a bank; I ask them to par-
ticularly point out the characteristics bv which
they are enabled to determine that this is an
Executive bank.
The next direct attack made upon this bill, is
the one now pending m favor of that defunct mon-
ster, the late United States Bank, offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Underwood)
This amendment, has, I believe, been already
twice rejected by th,s House, and is now properly
out of order. But, as I am no sticklei foi points
of ordei, I vv ill make no question of thatsort This
amendment, like the ¡ate Uni'ed States Bank, is no
soonet defeated m one shape, than it rises in ano-
ther. By this amendment, it is proposed to offei in
lieu of the b>]', the bonds executed by the late Uni-
ted States Bank to thio Government, in that insti-
tution. Then it is proposed to tbiovvn into the
market m these times of general depicssion,
f 6,000,000 of bank bonds d le m the couisp of the
next four years, payable by instalments of $2,000,-
000, bearing interest from the date of their execu-
tion. Now, sir, who aie to be the purchaser '
We know in these times of general dis'ress, no in-
dividua1, and scarce'y any incorporation, has the
ability to mike such a purchase Then if these
bonds are thus untirrelv thiown into the market, the
Government must and «ill sustain an immense loss
The old bank mnv or may not be the bidder tor
these bonds. The course (hat that instituían has
heietofoie, and is now pursuing, is this- A short
time after the suspension of specie payments, that
bank threw into the market £,5,000,000 of bank
bonds, or post notes, payable at a future day in
England These bonds c notes were sold m the
market for a premium ol fhe per cent. The agents
of the bank- proceeded to th  cotton-grow mg States,
and w,th the notes of the Pennsylvania Bink of
the United States bought cotton to meet these bonds
The notes of the institution commanded a premium,
owing to the immense debt due from the South and
West to th  eastern and northern citif = The fund
upon which these $5 000,000 was fust diawn
having been exhausted, this is the same that is now
being played off by Mr. Biddle on the South He
has his agents there, selling the notes ol the old
bank, which neither  the United States Bank of
Pennsylvania, nor any other institution, is bound
toiedeem Thispapei, m these times of distrust
and oppression, commands a premium over the
local bank papei of the country. It first passes
into the hands of our southern merchants, they
paying a premium for it oí about 15 per cent,
above local bank paper The merchants pay it
over to the agents of the northern merchants, who
are literally swarming like hungry locusts ihrough
the country; who, knewmg its utter worthlessness,
and that no one is bound to redeem it, immediately
sell it for local bank paper ai a premium With
this paper they buy cotton. In this way, one set of
these n redeemable notes buys the c tton of the whole
neighborhood at a discount of at least 15 per cent.
Thus is the ghost of this institution enab ed to plun-
der my constituents out of 15 per cent, of their
labor
This system of plundering the South, so long
practised by the northern capitalists, has enabled
that section of the country, through the agency of
the insti'ution of which I speak, to plav a game
that must be suspended, and it is io an evil so
monstious that I am anxious to apply a remedy.
Th s can be done effeetuallv by the rejection of the
amendment and the pipage of the bill In this
wav, this institution will be driven out of the
market; for when the notes proposed to be issued
bv this bill enter, as they will, into the circulation
ofthecountiv, the worthless paper of this insolvent
institution referred to, will be banished from cir-
culation.
Mr Speaker, the gentleman from Tennessee
(Mr. Bell) complain;, that I have no right to place
the construction on his acts that I have so freely
and fully etpresspd, and, sir, he has added that
I have expressed opinions in reference to him
that aie not justfiab'e by facts. Sn, 1 mist
be al'o«ed to tell that gentleman that the
actions aid cmu'vet < f pub! c men in this hall a>e,
and of right shojll b , puohc p-opeiiy As such,
I have a nghf to come to my own conclusions m
relation to them Having foimed my opinions as
to the moving cause for the conduct of that gentle-
man m the present instance, I have taken the
liberty to express those opinions, and I claim the
right of doing so. Sir, I should be sorry to do any
gentleman an act of injustice: I hav e misstated no
matter of fact, and if I have othei wise done t're
gentleman injustice, I shall be found at all times
ready to render him the most prompt and adequate
satisfaction.
Mr. Speakei, the gentleman has taken occasion
to say fometfung m relation to the mteiest of my
constituents. Now, sir, I will tell the gentleman
that I am their representative, and that if I misre-
piesent them I am accountable to them for the act
Therefoie, neither they oi we require any aid or
advice from the gentleman from Tennessee
I know, sir, that I repiesent a sufleimg people, a
people who are iromerselv in deb', but, thank Gcd'
we have a climate, a soil, and a production, that,
when added to the nevei-ceasmg vigilance of eur
people, will enable us to pa", in a short time, a
larger debt tl an e,ui I e extinguished by any oJier
perp'e of the globe.
Much, sir, has been said about the immense
debt our banks owe the Government, and not a
little has been said and insinuated about the alleged
insolvency ol these institution  Sir, I rsk gentle-
men, before thev make any more assertions on tins
subieet, to examine in o the true situation of oui
banks I make the assertion, without ffar of
contradiction, that om banks, thf lv\i\S or the
State of Missis h=pi, 1th e is large an amount of
assets m their possession ?s any banks vi ihis
Union which havp not a greafei ei>eulaiion ?float
I have no doubt tbpy are as solvent, and will
resume sprcie payments as scon, as any b?nks in
the Union haviwr at the time of the suspension
as hrce a circulat on as thev had
But it is said the banks have asked for indul-
gence. I say it is undue. If thev have asked in-
dulgence I am not m'bmiea of it 1, on my o • n
responsihihtv, asked indulgence for them in or-
aer thit I misht favor their debfois. Now, sn, if
the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr Bell) tviih lis
mocia'med charitv foi wij constituents, will aid me
m keeping the bands of this Government off of
our hanks for a short time, he will render us>good
service. Any attempt to force these baaks to pay
their debts nnnatuially oppresses the debtor's in-
terest. Whenever the Government presses  -file
bank-, it presses its own debtors, and thu3 the ¡Go-
vernment directly oppresses the people.
If the Government continues, according to the
suggestions of the gentleman from Tennessee, who
is so charitable, to draw on our banks, these drafts
must, for some time to come, come back protested.
This will keep down our money, and force us to
pay the highest premium that we have heard so
much talked of.
Sir, I oire but htt'e for those banks as mere cor-
porations, but I have a great good feeling for the
people who are m their power. You have relieved
the balance of your Government deotors, and why
not relieve them also' I am sure they are as men-
touous as your northern merchants. Now, sfr, the
passage of this bill, without the amendment, appears
to me to be the only means by which the country
can be relieved. It is the onh hope I have for our
banks soon lesummg specie payments; for, when
this bill shall have passed, the Government will be
relieved. Ten millions will be liable to be gradu-
ally thrown into circulation. You can then give
our banks reasonable time, and thus ¿ e whole will
be accommodated.
Sir, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Bell)
said something about forcing the Government into
terms. What teims does be mean? Tne terms of
these irresponsible banks' If these are Ais terms—
if a submission on the part of this administration to
the dictations of these banks aie the terms upon
which we are to buv the peace o! the country, it is
such a peace as I do not want. If this is the way
that quiet in tins land is to be kept, let us have the
confusion of which we have heard so much since
the commencement of the se>s'on I thiak the
soo"er it come-, the better.
St, Ins it come to this, id t'.is land oí liberty
and of law, that these banks can, and will, dictate
to an American Congress' Are we to be no tongei
independent? Are we io be forced to ask these aiost
soulless corporations what we shall do, and «hat
we shall not do' Surely not yet. This is the direct
policv of th  bank party on this floor. I am pre-
pared to record mv vote; I am prepared to meet the
crisis, and share my fate I have no fears of the
result.
Mr. Speaker, I had intended to have proceeded
further in discussing these topics, but I find myself
unable, from e\liaustirn and debility, to go on any
Anther.
REMARKS MR. HUBBARP,
Of Nívt Hampshire,
In   Senate,  October, 11, 1837—On the bill  to re-
v o\e  the charters of certain banks m the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr HUBBARD remarked that before the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massa'-hus^'ls to strike
out the first and second seitions of tre bill shall
be voted upon, he should piopose amend nents, and
his motion to amend the sections, takes piccedence
of the mot on to stnke out. He feu an entire con-
fidence that tl e bi'l could be amended, so as to
make it ei'iiely acceptable lo the banks m this
city. He was-well satisfied that there was no d-s-
p sition in tr-¡> body, nor was there any feeling
am-ng the members cf the Comn ittee rn Finance,
to han ass or in any to incommode the District
banks Tne coinmi'tee felt it to be their duty to
p esent the subject to the cons deration of the Se-
nate. It w is l,erp that Congress possessed the ne-
cessarv j'iisdction The bsnks created by tbeir
legislation, had all suspended specie payments,
tnevhad doi e no moie than the o'her banks of
tne ciun'iv I -ú di np, bit it ivas here, and here
alon", that Congress cou'd act w.th effect;
and Conciess was now in session, and ¡t
sre,ried to the committee to be not only m
itself proper, but m a measure indispensable,
for Congiess to consider the course wivch the
institutions established by their power had taken,
and to see if there was an unavoidable necessity
foi the action of the banks,   No one doubled that
