Sept. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THECONGRESSlONAL,djQBft.
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
131
Mississippi Election—Mr. Pennybacker.
H. of Rep .
sippi would be unrepresented m the extra session.
To prevent tins, he issued his writs, commanding
the sheriffs to hold an election, in July last, for two
representatives, to serve, however, until the first
Monday in November next, when, it was supposed,
their successor could be regularly chosen The
writs were executed, and Messrs. Gholson and
Claiborne were returned as elected.
Upon this, state of lacts a question has arisen-
are these gentlemen entitled to their seats' and, if
so, for what period of time'2
First. Aie the gentlemen entitled to their seats'
This brings us immediately to the consideiation of
the clause in the Constitution read by the gentleman,
(Mr. Maury,) and which is in these words: " When
vacancies happen in the representation from any
State, the Executive authority thereof shall issue
writs of election to fill such vacancies." From
this clause the Executive of Mississippi claimed his
authority to issue his writs • under this clause the
memteis elect insist upon their seats. "We are
bound, therefore, to ascertain its meaning.
Before Mr. P. would enter upon a particular ex-
amination of the clause in question, he would tres-
pass upon the House a very few moments, by
mak'ng some remarks of a general nature.
Sii (said he,) the will oí the lawgiver mates the
law. The intention of tie law is tnat which alone
constitutes it " a rule of action " It is its essence,
and must ever be sought after in cases of construc-
tion. How shall it be found? Partly by looking
to the language emplo}ed; but not by looking to the
language alone. The thoughts of man are almost
infinite, the combinations of the human mind are
almost infinite. Wouls aie finite; language is
finite, and the one, therefore, can never proptrly
become the representative of the other. If it weie
othciwise; 'f it were possible foi each word to have
an exact ami m\ar able meaning, and it w er" pos-
sible for every intellect to be one acquainted with
such meaning, and it were then possible foi each
word, or for any combination of words, to repre-
sent exactly the thoughts conceived, language of
itself would be sufficient. But this, unfortunately,
is not so "We are constrained (said Mr. P.) by
oui very natures to look to other aids. Happily
for truth, such aids exist. One powerful one is
ever at hand. What is if! A consideration of the
object oí ihe law. When this is ascertained and
well understood, another a'd rises and comes to oui
help. And what is this"! The thought, sir, that
where there is the like íeason, theie should be the
like law; «hoie the evil a the same, tne íemedy
should be ihe same; Vihere the mischief is identi-
cal, the means of removing it should not be diffe-
rent. Thu.s a standard is created: by this standard
the given case can be judged. Tried oy it, if it
shall come up to it, we at once conclude that the
frameis oí the law had the given case m view.
And from this conclusion, though the language
employed should seem not to justify it, we will not
be driven, nay, sir, from ttrs concluyen we ought
not to be dp ven; for to be «o, would be to saj, we
will be governed by an opinion framed only upon
a given set of means, "-ejecting all olheis, no mat-
ter how piweifid; and thai, too, when the very
means employed aie ¿icknowlejlgedly imperfect.
Bearing these remarks in momoi\, let us pioceed
(sa'd Mi  P.) to the clause in ques'ion.
Its language is. " When vacancies happen, ilc."
He-e, at tne threshold, the mquirj arises, had va-
cancies nappened■«hen the nuts-«ere issued7 That
vacancies aisled cao not be dewed. The thing of
itself was neaily s li evident. Mi. P. did not know
that he could make it any plainer ; nevertheless,
he wou'd a'l mpt to do so By the Constitution of
the United States various offices are created Those
of President, Vice PresiiLiu, Judge oí the Supreme
Court, Senator in Congress, and Repiesentative m
Congress, are among tne numbel By the same
instrument, also, the lenmes of (hose ofnecs are
fixed and established ; those of Pios'dent and Vice
President being lour years; that of Judge daring
good behavior ; that of Senator, subject to classifi-
cation, six years; and that of Representative 'wo
yeais. Though the ieraisof the offices rn ij* expire,
the offices themselves lemain wi'h the Constitution.
Now, the terms of office ot Messis. Gholson and
Claiborne, as membeis of the 24th Congress, ex-
pired with lhat Congress. This came to p?ss on
tke 3d of March last. On the 4th of March, then,
their offices were vacant. So they continued until
after the wrib were issued.
Having established this position, Mr. P. would
proceed:
It was said by the gentleman, (Mr. Maury,)
though vacancies existed they had not happened;
that he had examined the dictionary for the mean-
ing of the term, and found its meaning not to apply;
that it was only applied to cases of casualty; that
it would be absurd to say the sun happened to rise,
the tides happened to flow, &c, that there was no-
thing fortuitous m these events—they were fore-
seen, foreknown, and must occur—so with a va-
cancy by efflux of t me; and that the obvious
meaning of the Constitution was, vacancies occur-
ring by death, S,-c To this Mr. P. could not sub-
scribe. It appeared to him that the term chance
more exactly represented the gentleman's meaning.
The Constitution did not read " when vacancies
chance to hsppen;" but its terms were '-when va-
cancies happen, &c." He, like the gentleman, had
looked into authority. He had found one exactly
m pomt. From it he learned (to use a figure) that
fo happen v. as a genus, whilst to chance u as a spe-
cies; that the one included the othei,butnot vice
versa. Mr. P. then read irom Crabb's S3 nemj mes,
(a book Irom the libran,) the following: " To hap-
pen (that is, to fall out by a hap) is to chance as
the genus to the species, wnatever chances happens,
but not nice veisa. Happen respects all events
without including any collateral idea; chance
comprehends likewise the idea of the cause;
and order of the events. Hhatever comes to pass
happens, whether regularly in the course of evente, or
particularly and out of order; whatever chances hap-
pens altogether without conceit, intention, and often
without relation I.) any other tiling. The netospapeis
contain an account of ell that happens m the cowse of
the ii/ee/c." Now, ("Z'á Mr. P.) whilst I do not as-
pire to ihe character of a cntic, and will not arró-
gale to myself any great degree of learning, I will
say, upon the authority I have just read, that the
rising of the sun may be well said 10 happen; the
going down of the same may be said to happen, the
flowing of the tides may be said to happen, eclipses
happen; and that vacancies, occurring by the efflux
of time, may be said to happen- And why, sir?
Because they all come to pass.
Then, from the language of the clause, the Exe-
cutive of Mississippi had authority for his writs.
But, sir, (said Mr. P ) let us 'till go further. Let
us avail ourselves of the othei great aids. What
w« s the object of the clause m question' Was
it not to kepp the seats nere filled? Was it not
that each State, and the whole nation, might be
fully represented upon Ibis flora? It was, Sir.
None will deny it,—none can deny it. Now, what
reason can exist for filling the one kind ot vacan-
cy, which does net cxis*", tor filling the oilier'
-None can be conceived of. I can rer-düy imagine
some shades ol uiffeience, but t\ev aie meiely
shades:—no substance—no realm in them, and
veiy attenuated m themselves. Again, si : If it
be desirable that a smg'e vacancy, occurring by
death, resignation, &.C. m ordinal)' times, when all
is tranquillity, should be filled, how much more
important is it, in extiaordmary times, v\ hen all is
dismay confu-non, and calamity, and whtn neces-
sity has faced a cad of Congitss, that a whole State
should not be uniepiesented1 But, again, sn
Every Government shou d be capable of self-ex-
istence; it should contain wn'iin itself the pimciple
of its own presetvation. It is true (said Mr. P.)
that ihe Constitution provides, that "the times,
plate-, and mannei of holding elections foi Sena-
loisand Repie-enlatives, shall be presciibed in each
State, by the Legislatives theieof," and ''that
Congtess may, .t any time make or altei such ie-
gula'ions"—but what then? Congicss has, asyet,
made no such regulations, and ' appose the States
sht uld omit to do their duties, w ill it be sr id that
no means have been piovidel by which to keep
full the national lepresentatien? Would not llv
State Efecut.ve. in a case such as this, though th>
vacancies had occurred by pmpose and design, ha\ 2
a light to issue his writ  to fill such vacancies' It
will not do to =ay; that Congress might le conven-
ed " to make regulations." Suppose some six
Siatffs, who hold the majority of the whole repre-
sentation, should fail to do their duty; theie woald
be no Co&gress which could be cdnvened.
I know (said Mr. P.) I shall be-Miet with in ar-
gument here. It u ill be said, if my construction be
correct, the Executive of a State, though a titee
has been prescribed for holding her elections, ma}-
cause them to be held whenever he pleases. Yea,
sir, it will be said, tne Executive of a State would
be bound to issue his writs whenever the vacancies
happened; for the language of the clause is impera-
tive in that lespeot. In answer, I sav: first, that
the possibility that a power may be abused "Which
has been granted, can never safely be made an ar-
gument against its existence. The President is
empowered, " on extraordinary occasions," to call
together Congress. He, too, alone, is the judge of
those occasions. Yet, because he may upon ora%-
niry occasions exercise the power, no one will say
the power has not been granted. Secondly, I
reply, I think differently from gentlemen. I con-
strue the clause according to its spirit. Look at it.
It obviously contemplates the existence of a neces-
sity before 1* shall be exercised Suppose a case
to happen- suppose a r entleman has been elected;
that he has served a first and second session of
Congress; that the second 'ession terminated on
the first day of January, leaving a little more than
two months of the Congress yet to expire; let the
gentleman then die- will any one say that the Exe-
cutive of the State would be justified in issuing his
writs to fill the vacanc)1 harrassmg the people by
an unreasonable election, when there was no ne-
cessity for it; and that, too, when the member to be
e ecttd would go out of office m a few days1 And
yet, if the argument be coriect, that the clause is
impa alive, such a result wou'd necessarily be pro-
duced. Sir, (said Mi. P.) diere must be a necessity
for calling into action the latent power.
The language of the clause then, its spirit, its
objec', all go to prove the correctness of the report.
But, sir, (said Mr. P.) suppose, for the argument,
that the language of the clause did not embrace the
case. Will it be said, we must «tick to its letter?
By no means. Take the clause under considera-
tion. Look at it. It sa^s, when vacancies happen
writs shall be issued. Now, uiil any one say, if a
vacancy has happened a to  it can not be issued?
Again, sir, there is a parallel clause m the Consti-
tution, which empowers the Piesident "to fill up
vacancies which ma\ harpen during the recess of
the Senate, by giantim  c~> n mssions," &c. Sup-
pose that, whi'st the S r, t- were in session, and,
consequently, when i'vi^ >; as no reces?, the collec-
tor of the poi 1 ol Ne"' Yo.k should die, and the
Senate should ad < van b"frre the new 9 of his death
had 1 cached the Piesident. and, consequently, be-
fore it were pcssiole ici him to nominate his suc-
cessor, would t 1 I k competent for the Piesi-
dent to fill f*<e í acan")1 Or, w onld he be required,
though perhaps thiee-fou-ths of the revei.nc of the
United States we collected at that port, to v, ait un-
til ti e Senate should again come toget^r, 111 order
to be enabled to ma1 e a nomination? S.r, (said
Mr. P ) the Constitution is a pnet cal instrument,
and as such should be prpctichv construed "Qjm
haretinl>teia,h(rietin corlici ' Mr P. regatded,
also, the clause m quest on a- H^jlo^ous to a íeme-
d.al statute, ?nd felt disposed to apply to it the
rules by whi'h such sfiMnco \icc always to be ex-
pounded. The, justified a Initial constiuction,
and enjo'ned it upon the judges «*s an imperative
duty to "snppiess the m sch.cf, and ad\ anee the
remedy."
The gentleman fiom Te.ii es^ee, (Mr. Maury,)
had relied upon p ecedmi's. He had cited the
cafes ci Jonns and Lan nan. On examination of
them ihcv would be found mt to support han. In
John's i.ase, Mr. P«.ead of Delaware, had res'gned
bu «eat in the United States Senate, en the 18th
of beptPtnber, 173°, that was during she recess of
the L^s'sl iti.ic. The Legislature met in Janu-
ary fil'nwmi it fdjoiirned m Fibruary, 17PÍ
Oí tiie 19 n < f Mai ch, and sufise,, lent to the ad-
journment Mr. Johns was appointed Mr. Read's
s 1,-cesscir. Thus, it will be peicened, that the Legis-
lature had nvt after the vacancy happened, and
adjourned without electing: any success>r.   Now
