U2____________         APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________Oct 1837.
25th Cong....1st Sess.                               Making public officers depoñlorie'—Mr. Moore.____________________________H. of Reps.
the Constitution, can be t ightfutly exercised by Con-
gress, is to outrage common s°nse, and all approv-
ed rules of construction Let the prmciplebe once
established, that neither the express letter of an in-
strument, nor the evident intention oí its authoi or
authors, is to be taken as evidence of its meaning,
and all written constitutions, con'iacts, laws, and
chartei s, become a dead le'ter. I would entreat
gentlemen to considei well bef ire they give fur-
ther counter anee to such doctnnes. I would re-
spectfulh remind them, that by disregarding the ex-
piess provisions oí the Constitution, and the evi-
dent intention of its fiamers, and resorting to con-
struction and implication alone foi authon'y, they
will eventually raise up a monument of folly,
which, if not as impious, will create as much con-
fusion as that which toweled on Slunar's plain
Let it not be supposed, ho.vevcr, tmt I would deny
the existence oí all implied pow ers I am aware,
sn, that the convention, in tramuig the Constitu-
ti< ii, marked out and enumerated the piincipalends
of Government, without particularizing all the
means by which these ends weie to vc secured A
discretionary power, to a ceilain extent, must ne-
cessarily be left with Congress The Constituí on,
foi example, has vested in Congress the power to
r^ise and support armies. Butat whal lime aimies
aie to be raised, to whal extenl, and foi w hat cause
this power is to be exercised, it has necessarily left
to he determined by the National Legislature
Many other cases in glit be cited, where the me.ins
mcessaiy to carry into eiftct Ihe enumerated pow-
ers are left to the selection ol Coneross But the
mean, or incidental power, ought, in all eases, to
bear a due relationship to the specified power It
was well remaiked by a distinguished Senatoi
(Mr Clay) m debate, that
"la alt cises what mci! nti1 powcis i e vtttd upon, the
pnncipal uul mud rit d uu lit lu 1) rut i il vs tin h o)ui,
and fa taktot toiiiinii nitnte 1 he nu i h i d[outi<u hi
to be suit ly subtudin tit n 1 Uu i lioi'tti1, piuioh
attuned by  lli^ sp tUlttl j)ovvtl     in nil 11   vvi nK   miiltl lit
nunc of u tomjilislilng .....    Ijttiwlilthi    p tiiid tlit i \vii
implied ouillit not in hi nndt lo t mbi u t o lit i ol til   whit !l
aitnotsji nliui in liio < oi sum ion    II, thru, yon tonkl e   i
blish abimlv u < ollcct uul ¡isin! utt tin it vtu it it uu In i i lit
expiessly ítsüittttl lo tht piupo t ol slit li c ilii ciiun iml disit
bulion
'1 tontLiitl that lilt Si ateb have the i \ciu:si\ t p ivvtl In legulatc
contr ids, to tied ire the cap iCiuea and ini" ipauues lo co it! let
a.id to provide astothecxtenttifte&poiiKihtlity oldebtoistothui
ctediiois If í nnfzicbs have die power to ciect an aitiiiud
body, andS'vyitehad bt tndovved with the turibules ol nt mil
vidua!—li von cm bts oft on tins obiei t of vou owiiiu inon
the aluiiiv to c >ntt ict m íy yo i not m con 1i\ t mioii til Stale
rulit^, c nilerupt ¡ sii\<s iniunls md fenit>> ( ovt u the ibil ty
tot tinti it ? \nlov n h n t nt potvei to <uv tint inn oen
lloil of lilliviiiu lis si I'll  lts|tin >el i In u debts oi !\ m «.
certa i l imnedd trie v\h it l-t l(>l ti tu i t vlcnsl mot i mil
lar e\t nip ion (oiudoilni ' Wliti^ts ( ¡unuitioii t¡ n
thispiwei lo t up toipoi i ion0' \oi t tblhttu in i n
liciuol is lit tl t u i i < I who ct ipi ti s ni * t y "v on ni y
eixt ' oilier^ Hliiccip ilsl ill toiisiM o hid "live", nti j) i
son il esi^ies md thus thf \\hol< [nopeity ni bin Ibt |in tut n
til i St lit, mic'it In ib tu it ! b) (' e ep-ditlcul botht s i I i tvKl
truImiKi nun' 'h (iti hey n 1 lit . iwtiolablal to (nit
in I, ll llu«pielt u^-ioii b t\ II itiu nit I it t-^ in lit ¡twciolt m
gitss, by cl uteiiugconipatiie todiy up alltht so net sol m^ip
revtnue "           ?
Ye*, sir, the honorable Seaatoi was ugh*, vvhen
he said that the incidental power oufh  ,.3 bo s'r st-
ly suboidi lito, and liniitt d to the trtu ^'oposs-i) ft)
be altaincci bv the specified power 'IJe \/as right
m saving, that in all (ases wheic incident il povvcis
are acied upon, the prmcpal ai tl me dct tal ojg'it
to be congennl with earh other, and par'ake oí a
common natuie And he would have bien equal-
ly right, had he added, lhat no means e in be pui-
per lhat are not compatible w'th th- spirit oí die
Constitution and the gt mus tf uui Goviinmint
But I will no longci del t n the committee on Jus
blanch of the subject, bavin" ahead} howp, as 1
believe, be}ond < II tavil, that the clause which
has been last examined does not confti on Corgtc^s
power to mcoipoiatc a morejed institution oí any
des nption
I will now proceed to examine arguments—not
nf i cr ii-tiljlK n il chiracttr, nor st ictlj applica-
ble—but neverlheitss iieyiitntly anpealed to b
the advocates t a nat or il b->nk I a'lude to that
class of arguments v Inch iests on j letedent alone
for suppoit The fnenifs and tbimpons. ot a
United States Bank, n i en no longer able to hud
legitímale support, when forced to abandon eveiy
constitutional position, se l, refuge in the misty re-
fitms of pieced-nt The acts oí formet Icgisialmes,
and the opinions of the Supreme Comí, and not the
Constitution, are appealed to foi authority and lo'
King Precedent is anointed with the unction of in-
fallibility, becomes the keeper of their consciences,
and the objeclof their idolatry,his behests the laws,
his standaid the missletoe, which these political
Druids venerate. But to vary the figure—what is
there in the character or nature of precedent so
sanative and holy lhat can heal all moral maladies,
and justify all political transgressions? Oi, where-
fore is it, that precedent should fettei the intellect,
destroy moral agency, and bear sway vv here i ea-
son and conscience should alone preside? Sir,
would it not be well for those who havp swoin to
supponthe Constitution, to pause and reflect before
they subscribe to a doctrine so frarght \v l'h mis-
chief, and so mimical to leason?
It is alleged, by some of the seivde tiam-bound
slaves of p ecedent, that Congress would be justifi-
ed in chartering a bank, (at the piesent time,)
whether authonzed by the Constitution or not, be-
cause similar institutions have hithcito existed.
They contend, that mabmuch as Ihosc institutions
veie established by Congress, submitted to by the
people, acquiesced in bv the States, and sanctioned
by the Supieme Courf, that thev weie ucogmsed
by all the acts which imply the sanction of óigame
law St, I can not, for one, j tt d assent to doc-
trines so false, so loose, so licentious I deny t^at
the great body of the Amenean people, the de-
mocracy, are, or evei were, in favor of a charter-
ed money monopoly, whether State or National.
The insinuation is a lank and insolent hbel on their
patriotism, their intelligence, and their integrity.
No, srr, the frank and honeol hearted democrats of
this country ulteily reject and abhor tht doctrine,
that time or precedí nt can sanctify iniquity, or
justify any infraction of the social compact
It is contended by another, but similar class of
moralists, th. t the Constitution ought to be so con-
i'ruul, as lo expand with the growth of the conn-
tiy an 1 cmfoim to its dueisiiied ard miraole
lekitions Against this doctrine, also, I enter my
piotest It is too ductile to be either &afe or
soand, too liable to be diavvn out to dangerous
lengths, and bent to mischievous purposes Sir,
whal is the natuie of the obligation undei which
we act1 What is required oi us before entering
upon our dunes as reprtsentatives? It is required,
by the Constitution, that " the Senatois and Re-
presentatives and the members of the several State
Legislatures, and all executive and judicial
officers, both of the United Stales, and or the seve-
ral Stales, s>nll be bou id, by oath or ofiuinilitm,
to suppmt ilns Constitution " Sir, the icqn s tion
is omphalic and positive —couched in lai gnage not
to be m^undeistood Oui dulv is palpable—we
cannoteir rgnoinntly We are bound, by all the
obligations which an oilh imposes,to "suppoit this
Constitution" We aie not l^qnmd to "support"
the torced consti notions that may be givrn by a,
pliant court, oi by a ca'eless or venal Legislature.
We are not called upon to " support" a constitu-
I lion cormplc-d by congressional interpolations, or
i distoited and sophisticated bv the legal momme-
I ríes of ihe bar oi the bench Nor are we obhgatt d
I to seppoit a constitution that maj b" corstiUtd ti
I (hange with limes and circumstance^, that may
glow with the glow lb, an 1 decay With Ihe dtclme
oí ibt touitiv but wc aie bound bv om
solemn oiths or afhrm tions to "support this Co i-
! stint oi" in its punty and lntcgntt, unsophisti-
cated and tincontammated Sir, tnere aie two
cías es of men in this world who reb'upon precedent,
and who setm to believe m lis inía'kbility w th
agieatd al of spint and peiseverance. Ihe one,
the moiallv lax, who have no oljeel on to tians-
! gre «, ptovit'cd they can find a pretext in prece-
I dent, the other, the mentally n violent, who find
1 less 1 bor in adopting tl e opimt ns ol others, than in
anil1 7i"sr and mvstigating for themselves, chile
the ngtl'y honest and mtellectu dlv mdusluou",
spurn all mental tyranny, r fusing, n all cn^es, to
3 lekl tbtir assent but as the lesult of Iheir convic-
tion Sn, let me not be misandti food when I
siy that pit cedent is dangerous and pern cious, I
mean that ■' is so when íegarded as an obligotoiy
rule in matters of l gislation, and in the common
afiaiis of life In courts of justice, in the
dispensation of civil and caminal law, it may,
to a certain extent, be advantageously leferrerí
to as a guide. For so diversified and com-
plicated are the subjects of litigation, that A is
impossible for the legislator to anticipate and
provide foi every case that may occur. It be-
comes the duty, therefore, of the judge, the
organ of the law, not only to pioclaim the writ-
ten law oí the land, but also to decide m
cases where no sia(utory provision has been
made, as rehson and justice may dictate. Nor,
as a general rule, ought decision" thus made be
lightly regarded by succeeding Jtidges, especially
incases wheiethe points m litigation are analo-
gous. But, sir, while I willingly admit that pre-
cedent maybe properly referred toas authority
m the administration of the law, I utterly deny
that it is necessarily obligatory upon legislative
bodies It matters not, therefore, whethei a prece-
dent m fa\ or of a United States bank be found m
the acts of former legislatures, oi m the decisions
of the Supieme Court, it is, in either case, incom-
petent to conirol the acts of this body. Congress,
I tru«t, will never be wilhng to acknowledge the
binding force of precedent, m the decision of con-
stitutional questions But, s'r, admitting, foi the
sake of argument, piecedent to be good authority,
what does it prove in this case1 I apprehend thai
it would rather make against, than in favor of, a
bank We find, m 1811, when a renewal of
the charter granted in 1791 was applied for, that
its constitutionality was discussed, and that the
application was rejected. And fuither, when the
bank petitioned Congress foi lime to wmii up its
affairs, the petinon was referred to a committee
who rrpoited against the app'ication, urging that
it was unconstitutional and the repoit was concur-
red in. In 1S13, when the subject of a bank
w as again befoi  Congress, nil while under discus-
sion i'i tnc House of Rep esentatives, a distin-
guished <reii*lcii)?n from Massachi etts, (Ml. Web-
stei,) thin .' membci of tne House, declared m
hi= place, while opposing the bank, that the renew-
al ot the bank chatter had been refused, because it
was unconstitutional, and Congiess again de-
cided against a bank. In 1832, the bill to renew
the charter granted m 1816 was vetoed by the
late President, and subsequently lejected ny
Congress, both alleging ,hat it was unconstitu-
tional So that the precedents, so far as the action
of Congress is concerned, aie equal. If refei-
ence be had to the States, we shall find that a
laigc majonty of them have been opposed, on con-
sti'utit ml giourd, to a United States Bank What-
ever aulhon'y, therefore, may attach lo pieeedeiil,
makes against a bank. But the Supreme Court
hdS decided that C >nt>ress have power to incor-
pórale a bank, and these d°cisions arc ¡.pjiealed to
with "s much apppienl tnumph by the advocates
ol a nation \l bank, as if the decre s of lhat
couk were b.ndmg on Congiess, and sett'ed
the constitutional question for ever Sir, what ato
we to undeis and from this' Is it m>aut lobe
insinuated that the tnree depaitments of Govern-
ment are not co oidm?te, and thai the Judiciary is
clothed \u'h fit exclusive att'ibutes of supie-
ffi"vj' th t 'íeithcr toe Executive nor tht Le-
gilitive Departments aie allowed to judge of
then own powers, when acting within then ap-
prtipiiate spheres and m the discharge oí then
cfliowl duties' Is it j «tended that Ihe undei stand-
ings, the oaths, and the consciences of the other
two departments, aie to be silenced an I over-
awed by tbe despotic fiat of the bench' This
heretical, sérvi'e, and detestable doctrine, is indps-
tnously propagaled, I am awaie, not boldly and
openlv, but clandestinely and insidiously, by hints,
muendoes and mjstenous sivwgs out God ior-
ijid, patriotism foibid, that it should evei be
acknowledged by th  Executive or legislative
Depaitments, oi íeceived by ihe Amurcan people.
Toi one, I reject n. with disdvun. I deny, and defy
moital man to prove, that the deceit n of the
Supreme Court can settle a consutu lonal ques'ion
in any othei 'nan m a judicial sens'. It can not
afiet t legislation—can not control the decisions oí
Congress, or of the Executiv e—can not control the
soveieign and absolute power of the people,
nor ot tlKir representatives It is just as much
the prov ino  of Congress, or of the Executive, to
