Oct. 1837.______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________        f45
25th Cong....1st Sess.                                Making piiblic officers depositories—Mr. Moore.                                                   H. of Reps.
and overwhelming. It appears by the disclosures
of Luther Martin, as well as by the original jour-
nal, that propositions were repeatedly made, in the
convention, to authorize Congress to emit "bills of
credit," and that all proportions to that effect, were
the most signally rejected! It is expressly stated by
Attorney General of Maryland,that a majority of the
convention "were willing to risk any political evil
rather than admit the idea of a paper emission in
any possible case;" and that they (the convention)
"erased that clause fiom the system." And again,
when speaking of the extension of the prolr'bition
to the States, he remarks: that "the convention
were so smitten with the paper money dread, that they
insisted the prohibition should be absolute!" So
that both Congress and the States, as we have
already seen, are prohibited by the Constitution
from "emitting bills of credit;" or from issuing
paper money, "in any possible case." It is
contended by Mr. Gallatin, in his "Considera-
tions on the currency," &c. that bank bills and
bills of credit are one and the same thing. He
remarks: "the Constitution of the United States
prohibits every State from issuing bills of credit;
now, the bills emitted by a bank," he adds,
"are to all intents and purposes bills of
credit." And hence he concludes, that the State
whieh creates such bank, violates the Constitu-
tion. If the bills issued by the State banks, are to
all intents and purposes " bills of credit," in the
constitutional sense, as Mr. Gallatin contends—and
I am not disposed to dispute the point with him at
present—then would bills issued by a United States
bank also be bills of credit. If a Slate, therefore,
by issuing bills of credit, or by incorporating a
bank for that purpose, violates the Constitution,
Congress, by doing the same thing, equally violates
that instrument; because, as has already been
shown, the power to "emit bills of credit," was
withheld from Congress as well as from the Stales.
The reason why a prohibitory clause was not in-
corporated into the Constitution in relation to the
United States, as well as to the State Governments,
is obvious. By the articles of confederation, Con-
gress were expressly authorized to "emit bills of
credit." This power had been exercised by Con-
gress, and the evil effects resulting from it, in the
shape of continental money, were in evidence be
fore the members of the convention al the time of
framing the Constitution. The framers of the
Constitution, admonished by the history nf the past,
wisely and patriotically endeavoied to guard their
country from a similar evil in future, by excluding
from the new Constitution the power which had
been conferred on Congress by the articles of con-
federation, as well as by prohibiting the exercise of
that power to the State Governments.
Congress are, by the Constitatioa, not only de-
prived of the power of "emitting bills of credit," or
of "issuing paper money in any possible case,"
but expressly limited in the exercise of their power,
with regard to the currency, to the coining of gold
and silver, and to the regulation of the value of fo-
reign coin. And when Congress have done this,
they have done all that the Constitution requires or
permits them to do on the subject of the currency.
Having shown that the power to "emit bills of
credit" is not delegated to Congress, and that such
was the "dread of paper money" entertained by
the convention, thet they withheld from Congress
the power to issue, or cause to be issued, such
money "in any possible case," I might dismiss
this part of the subject without further remark; but
as it is my wish to put an end to all doubt and
cavil, I will, even at the hazard of using te-
dious repetitions, again refer to the important fact,
that it was repeatedly proposed in convention
to vest Congress with power to grant charters of
incorporation, and that all such propositions were
rejected in every instance, and under every modi-
fication. This position has been fully established
by the journal of the convention, as has been al-
ready shown, as well as by the statements of able
and honorable members of that body. Mr. Madi-
son, in his reply to General Hamilton's arguments
in favor of a national bank, informs us that " a >
power to grant charters of incorporation had been
proposed in the convention, and rejected." Messrs.
Baldwin and Wilson, both distinguished members
of the federal convention,have informed us, through
Mr. Jefferson, that amone the enumerated powers
("proposed to be) given to Congress was one to erect
corporations;" and that " it was, on deliberation,
struck out." And further, that " Robert Morris
proposed to give Congress power to establish a na-
tiomi)bank;" and that the proposition was opposed
by Gouverneur Morris, on the ground that it would
be unpopular with the peopi \ This proposition
was also rejected by the convention. Well, sir, we
are at length enabled satisfactorily to determine
whether a power to grant charters of incorporation
be a substantive or incidental power. That it was
not regarded as an incidental poser by those mem-
bers of the convention who were the advocate5; of
incorporations, is evident from the fact that they
proposed to class it with the enumerated and svbs'.an-
live powers. And that it was not considered as
incidental by those members who opposed it, is
equally manifest from the reasons urged by them
in debate against it. They opposed it, not
on the ground that it could be derived by int-
plicalion, but on the broad democratic principle,
that it was incompatible with the character of the
Government which they had been delegated to
establish, and because its exercise would be dan-
gerous to the,liberties of the people. The position
assumed by the judiciary, therefore, that the power
to charter a national bank is an incidental power, is
condemned and contradicted by the unanimous
sense of the convention. The convention, by deli-
berately withholding from Congress the power to
grant charters of incorporation, for both general
and special purposes, thereby clearly and indispu-
tably discountenanced and condemned the principle.
Yes, sir, it was the principle of exclusive privileges
and of chartered monopolies to which th?; were
opposed, and which thev pvoa.ptlv, ste.-.ily rejected,
as often as introduced, and in whs'sjaver shape pre-
sented- And will it be pretended tiiat the authors of
the Constitution, after having thus urpeatedly and
unqualifiedly disapproved and repudiated the prin-
ciple, still recognised and approved it in the shape
of a bank charter, in iis most dangerous, revolting,
and malignant aspect? Who is prepared to accuse
the authors of the Constitution with such palpable
inconsistency, or culpable duplicity? Sir, I am
compelled to believe that the man who affirms that
theframers of the Constitution, after having rejected
all propositions to gran, charters of incorporation,
whether for general or special r-irposes, intended, at
the same tune, to authorise Congress to chaiter a
national bank, holds in hght esmmtion, either the
characier of that body, or his own honor.
Mr. Chairman, I will, in a few words, conclude
my remarks on this branch of the subject. It is
admitted, on all hands, that ours is a Government
of specific and limited powers. In the language
of the Constitution:
"The powers not deli'gf lo lile rm'ed Siatos by the Con-
stitution, nor iiiohiniicil by it to ÚV niales, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to t!i£ people."
The power to grant charléis of incorporation
was not delegated to Congress, nor irUcndedto be so,
by the convention which formed the Constitution,
and, consequent!), can not be exercised without
violating that instrument. And, with a perfect
knowledge of this fact, with a full and perfect un-
derstanding that the convention purposely with-
held from Congress the power to "emit bills of
credit," or paper money, "in any possible case,"
that they also prohibited the ci anting of charter.-
of incorporation of every kind and description; I
cannot, I say, with all ¡hat information before me,
consent to vote in favor of any incorporation, and
especially a bank charter, which standi douhfy con-
demned by the fraroers of the Constitution. No,
sir: were I to do so, with the evidence before me,
I should consider that T bad sinned against light
and knowledge—sinned past recovering and \\'M
forgiveness, and should ever regard myself a^ a
perjured man—perjur: d both la the eyes of God
and of my country.
But, sir, the American people are opposed to a
national bank. The knowledge of !h-s fact—and
no man can plead ignorance with rezard to A
—I should suppose would be a sufficient rea-
son why the people's representatives should op-
pose it.   For my own part, sir, were 1 to support any
measure which has been so generally and erhphal1-
cally condemned by the people, I should consider
that I had grossly outraged public opinion, insulted
the majesty of the people, disregarded their .express
wishes, and betrayed their best interests. Andysir,
I can not conceive how any honorable gentleman^
who claims to be a republican—who professes to
entertain a due regard for public opinion, and a
willingness to act in obedience to the expressed wül_
of the majority—can possibly yield his support to a"
measure that has been so recently, so repeatedly,
and so signally condemned by that majority. Shall
I be told that the people would take this new insti-
tution in*o favor, provided it were established, and
that they would cherish and sustain it hereafter?
Let not gentlemen lay the " flattering unction to
their souls." No, sir, the history of the late bank
is too fresh in their recollections. The people of
this country are too prudent and too wise not to be
admonished and profited by the teachings of the
past. They are too jealous of their rights—too
much enamored of liberty, to regard, with favor, a
monster that might, at its pleasure, violate those
rights and crush that liberty. And gentlemen who
act upon the supposition that the American people
will ever become the friends and willing supporters
of an institution so hostile to the spirit of freedom,
err as widely as would have erred the friends of the
infant Bacchus, had they commended him to the
arms of Juno for succor and protection..
But, sir, we are told by the board of trade, and
others friendly to a national bank, that the general
welfare of the country requires at our hands
the establishment of such an institution. For
one, sir, I am disposed to doubt the correctness
of this proposition. I am strongly inclined to the
opinion that these modest patriots are not quite so
well qualified as they imagine, to decide what
would, or what would not, promote the public good.
I have yet to learn, that those gentlemen are more
deeply skilled in the science of government and
of political economy, and that they cherish á
warmer regard for the public weal, than- those ,of
other pursuits and of a different political faith.
I have yet to learn that they are benevolent and
patriotic beyond their generation, or that they have
been anointed with the oil of wisdom above their
fellows. Sir, whence comes their authority to
decide what measures shall, or shall not, be
adopted inreference to the general welfare? When,
and how, were they constituted and appointed
conservators and guardians of the public inte-
rests, that they thus ape the language of suprema-
cy, and assume the tone of oracular wisdom? Have
not the great mass of the people had sufficient ex-
perience with regard to a national bank? have they
not felt its benefits and evils, its advantages
anil disadvantages; and have they not condemned
it—I had almost said, with the voice of unanimity?
And shall they be deemed incompetent to judge of
the utility, character, and tendency of such an in-
stitution? Sir, by what other criterion than that
of public sentiment, clearly expressed and fairly
ascertained, shall we judge of a public measure?
Shall we adopt the views and opinions of the few,
to the exclusion of the many? Shall we not allow
the areat majority to determine what is, as well as
what is not, for their welfare? And have not that
majority solemnly decreed, in a voice that is still
ringing in our ears, that a national bank is not a
national benefit, but a national evil; that it is not a
public blessing, but a public curse? If we regard
public sentiment, therefore, as a proper test of this
measure, we must necessarily decide against it.
We are bound to believe that it would not be pro-
ductive of public good, as represented by the peti-
tioners; but of public mischief, as declard by a
majority of the people. It will not be disputed,
but that any class of citizens have a right to ask
at the hands of Government, the adoption of such
measures, or the enactment of such laws, as may,
in their opinion, subserve their interests: provided
always, that such measures, or laws, do not con-
flict with other interests of the State, or revolt the
" stomach of the public sense." A national bank
does both; and has, consequently, no claims to the •
favorable regard of Congress.
Sir, let us consider, for a moment, whether we
can look with safety or propriety, for wise, pateo-
