148                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     Oct. 1837.
«-      O'            '   '             "            ---------                 ■     '      "■ "-------------------------                         ■■-------------------------------------'-----                                                                                                                  ,-------------------__________________________________
S5th CoNG....lst Sess.                              Making public offices depositories—Mr. Cambreleng.                                            H. of Reps.
and actually payable abroad at any one peuod.
We know not what portions of our importations of
specie and merchand.se represent the proceeds of
our exports to foreign countries, and what part of
them arise from the sale of our stocks and bonds,
from the transfer of the (¡migrants' property to this
country, and from the steady cunent of capital
which is uniformly flowing from the reservoirs of
Great Britain, France, and Holland mto this coun-
try, seeking permanent investment. When we see
some thirty, forty, or fifty millions against us we
forget that we see but a part of the account. Our
imports must necessarily exceed our exports pe*-
manently, while we perpetually receive, through
these souices from abroad, an increasing amount
of capital far beyoncf any remittance of dividends j
We have more to fear from our vitiated currency
than we have from our foreign exchanges.
Neither, sir, is a national bank required to fur-
nish us with a currency The Bank of France
issues no note under five hundred francs. The
issues of the Bank of England are, essentially, ex-
chequer bills, or what vie should denominate Trea-
sury notes 'without interest. They are founded
upon the credit of Government. The whole capi-
tal, deposites, and circulation of the bank are in-
vented in loans, in various forms, to Government.
The people of England are taxed to pay the in-
terest on their own money and their own credit, to
be divided among the stockholders of the Bank of
England' However unjust this financial system
may be, it would be more disastrous to Gieat ,
Britain and Iieland were the deposiies and cucu-
lation invested m commercial securities. The pri-
vate discoun's of the bank form but a small pio-
portion of it>. transactions. It is a Government
bank, and as its circulation is founded on public
securities, the profit on it should be a public con-
cern. It such issues, which are essentially the
credit of the State, were not made a source of
profit to banks, the power would never be abused
Happily for (his country, sn, this experiment of
a national bank han not been tried, and ha-* not
been triumphant. Had we made perpetual a bank
authonzed to control the commercial credit, the
banking institutions, the revenue, and the currency
of this country, we should have conferred on one
man a greater power than the people and the
States surrendered by the Constitution to all the
dc|>..i m.nl-, of this Government combined. In his
hands would have been the power to regulate the
price of labor and the value of property, to elevate
trade to the highest point of speculation, and to
prostrate it m a moment, to draw into one vast
circle the incorporated wealth of the nation, to
concentrate and directils powei; and so to regulate
the movements of his institution, by its expansions
and contractions, as poweifully to mñuence our |
elections. Whether governed by his fears or his I
ambition, the destiny of the nation would have
been in his hands He might, as we saw some
years ago, by his imbecility, rum trade, break the .
banks, and endanger, if not destroy, the currency
or, as we now see, his ambition might tempt him
to consider his institution as a political engine, he
might attempt to regulate the succession to the
Presidency This was the experiment, sir—this
was the design in 1791. Fortunately for the coun-
try it has failed—the people, not the bank, have
triumphed and, as it regards the President who
accomplished it, the wreath of Orleans may perish,
but the gratitude of his country can only expire
with its liberty
Mr. Chairman, we have but one alternative left.
We must collect, keep, and disburse our own reve-
nues This proposition was made, in 1835, by a
a gentleman from Virginia, (Mr Gordon) then a
membei of this House He proposed to employ
our ow n officers for these purposes, to aopomt re-
ceivers general at certain points, and that " the
whole revenue of the United States, derived from
customs, lands, or other sources, thall be paid in the
current coin  of the Untied States." In replying, on
that occasion, to the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr
Robertson,) who is now near me, I stated that " I
concurred entirely in his principles," that I consi-
dered it my duty, at that time, to regulate, "m the
best practicable manner under [then] existing ar-
eM ijfon*<$, the deposite of the public money;" that
we could manage our finances " if there was not |
an incorporated bank m the Union," and that I
hoped " the time could come when we should be i
able to dispense with the agency of all hanks, espe-
cially those of circulation." That time has arriv-
ed, sir, much sooner than I expected. It is forced
upon us by the banks themselves In 1835, they
had been selected by the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, and I had two motives for continuing them as
oui agents, which I then stated One was, that I
thought them the " safest places of deposite;" but I
now see that safety—ultimate safety—is of little
importance, if the Treasury is to be periodically
deprived of the use of its funds. The other ieason
was that now given by the gentleman from Virgi-
nia, (Mr. Mason,) that the deposite banks might
aid in refoiming our currency, by withdrawing
their small notes. Between that gentleman and
myself I am sure there can net be any difference of
principle, for his course has been demora atic and
constitutional But, sir, I submit it to his judg-
ment, whether experience has not proved that such
an experiment upon the currency has been, and
must be, wholly abortive. Suppose our agents
withdraw their small notes from circulation con-
formably to our law, have we notseven hundred and
fifty other banks employed in issuing them as fast
as they are withdraw n? You might effect some re-
form if jou employed the whole eight hundred, but
not otherwise. But, if you were to propose that,
is it probable that the banks in the interior, half of
, whose profits arise from circulation, would accept
your agency"? All the reform we can effect, is by '
confining our Treasury to specie and evidences of
public debt. The small notes and the bank  must
be left to the authority that created them—the State
Governments, with whose duties it is not our pro- I
vmce to interfere, directly or indirectly.
But how has this simple proposition to collect
our revenue in com or evidences oí debt, and to dis-
burse it through our own officers—a proposition
almost as old as the world—how has it been re-
ceived? Why, sir, it is denounced as an experi-
ment never before attempted—as a dangerous inno-
vation—as something monstrous One would sup-
pee, from the language of gentlemen, that -we were
about " to subvert the whole social fabric," to
revolutionize the age, and through a rapid dissolu-
tion of morals, intelligence, and liberty, go back, as
the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr Legare)
says, to the age of " non money and black broth"'
Why, sir, we have been, happily without being
conscious of it, in a very lamentable condition for
five months past, we have been, ever since the 10th
of May la^, actually circulating iron money, and
drinking black broth' Luckily, however, the trade
of the countiy, and the country itself, have very
much improved since then, notwithstanding this
Spartan discipline.
But what are the objections to the measure pro-
posed1 The unsafety of the public money. This
is certainly an age more distinguished for discovery
than experiment. After having trusted our public
oficers with the public money for near half a cen-
tury, we have suddenly discovered that it is now to
be " plundered" by these " faithless agents." Pnor
to 1800, every bond was collected at your custom-
houses, and throughout the whole history of our
revenue, every dollar, whether from lands or cus-
tom>, has been placed to the credit of our officers
betore it was transferred to the credit of the Tiea-
suier. The cashier of the New York custom-
house collected five millions last year, one of jour
land receivers had, in the course of the year, two
millions to his credit, and the collector of New
York some sixteen or seventeen millions. Since
17b9 we have had about eight kundred millions to
the credit of oui public officers, and gentlemen
have just found out that we are for the first time
' about to confide in them, because we propose they
should keep, under the direct supervision of other
officers, that which they now have passed to their
own credit, without any check or guard whatsoever
Your disbursing officers are also entrusted with the
public money. Your receivers, collectors, and dis-
bursing officers may apply the public money to
what purpose they please, and, under exist-
ing laws, w e have no security whatever but their
bonds.    We propose to enlarge this security, io
place guards over them on the spot, and to have
visiting officers, besides, to see that the keeper of
the public money and his supervisors all discharge
their duty with fidelity to the Government We
propose to secuie the revenue by stronger regula-
tions than any that have hitherto existed France
has tried this experiment with an annual revenue
of about two hundred millions of dollars, and we
dare not try it with a revenue of twenty. Defalca-
tions have occurred, and would occur, under any
system Rut ours aas been a loose one, and, unfor-
tunately for the argument oí the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr. Garland,) all the defalcations he
refers to have occurred under our laws as they now
are, and duung the very time when the United
State Bank or the State banks were employed as
depositories of the public money. Sir, if gentlemen
can contrive any plan of special deposite, which
will not be abused by permitting the public revenue
to be used by the banks, or which will not aid m
the circulation of their notes, it might be adopted.
But they will find it very difficult to devise any
special deposite system which will not be evaded
by the banks.
Another objection is the prodigious increase of
Executive patronage One gentleman, not of this
body, has stated (as I have seen it reported) that
we are about to enlist an army of a hundred thou-
sand public officers. Why, sir, if we did not add
one officer to the number now m the public service,
there would be, as there actually is at this time,
no difficulty whatever in collecting, keeping, and
disbursing, our revenues. Convenience may re-
quire the addition of a dozen clerks, greater security
might be effected by employing half a dozen re-
ceivers general at points where the revenue exceeds
the amount of the officers' bonds; and, to perfect
that security, you may appoint two visiting agents.
Were we to go further than the bill proposes, and
appoint all these, is that patronage to be compared
with the political influence exercised over your
eighty-eight deposite banks, with their two thousand
ofiicers and directors, and some fifty thousand
stockholders'! Sn, the argument is unworthy of
refutation
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Mason) pro-
poses, if I understood him correctly, to collect our
revenue m specie, or its equivalent, and to make
our disbursements in local bank paper This is an
extraordinary proposition,especially from one so
devoted to the Constitution What, sir' collect our
revenues in com, oi its equivalent, extort the last
fraction from the public debtors, and then turn to
our creditors, and avail ourselves of this general
act of bankruptcy, whicn the banks hav e established
for the country, by their joint resolution to suspend
specie payments^ Are we to receive coin, or its
equivalent, all over the Union, and pay our debts
in depreciated paper, varying from five to for'y-
five per cent"! I think the gentleman from Virginia
will, upon reflection, abandon a proposition so un-
just to the public creditors, and founded upon so
palpable a violation of the public faith
That, however, which seems most to alarm gen-
tlemen, and especially the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, (Mr Sergeant) is, that vve are to have
two currencies, as the gentleman tells us, " one for
the Government—another ¡or the people," "the
people do not s't at the same table." Is this in-
tended for argument, sir? I hope not. But, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has prepared his
table, and appears to be so solicitous to provide some-
thing for the people, I would advise him to take his
seat, and to place before him his favorite dish, that
" spurious progeny of local paper," and then to
invite a distinguished gentleman from the other
wing of the capítol to take h's seat at the other end
of the table, and spread before him his "moitified
mass of the bodv politic," though, by the way, no
favorite of his Then, sir, let these tw o distin-
guished gentlemen issue their proclamat'on to " the
people," and invite them to participate. Will they
come to the feast prepared for them by the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania and Massachusetts?
Mr Chairman, arguments not addressed to the
understanding have no peimanent effect. If gen-
tlemen mean any thing by their two currencies; if
they mean that this Government shall collect it>
revenues in depreciated loeal paper, if they proposs
