Sept. 183?.
25th Cons.....1st Sess.
for every thing, naturally look here in this emer-
gencj; but the remedy is m time and the people
themselves. The State banks, unless hurried on
by coercion or popular clamor, will in due time re-
sume their healthy actios, and the unbroken ener-
gies of this free and mighty people will soon work
out their own salvation. Upon the causes) of our
distressed condition, I will say a few words before
I close.
The gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Menifee,)
who sits before me, when a few days ago discussing
the bill for the postponement, of the iourth instal-
ment of the surplus revenue, broadly maintained
that it was Executive usurpation alone which had
occasioned the calamities under which we labor. I
agree with him that the illegal seizure of the depo-
sites by the Executive, and placing them m the de-
posite banks, was one of the links m the chain of
causes which produced our calamities; but he over-
looks the far higher aprt greater causes which have
originated m legislative usuipations upon this floor.
The Bank of the Uimed Stáíes, unconstitutionally
created, was one of tírese causes; and, although an
unquestionable benefit when its recharter was de-
nied, yet, extending as it did, its roots into all the
commercial and pecuniary interests of the country,
it could not be abstracted from the immense sphere in
which it moved without convulsion. Hundreds of
bankssprang into existence to fill the vacancy it was
expected to occasion, « h 1st ihose which wei e already
in existence gave a loose rem to their issues. But it
was the surplus revenue, for which the gentleman
was contending, which most obviously shows the
fallacy oí his position. If the surplus revenue had
not existed, Executive usurpation and corruption
could not have rendered it injurious or dangerous.
And what produced the surplus revenue'' The
tariff—the American system—that poison still
lingering in the veins of the body politic—that un-
hallowed and corrupt combination, as unprincipled
as the partition of Poland, by which one section of
the Union was plundered for the benefit of another.
Taxes were laid by Congress, not to support the
Government or lo pay our debts, but to foster the
manufactures of the north at the expense of the
rest of the Union, whilst the revenue, thus uncon-
stitutionally raised, was to be expended in internal
improvements in the north and west. And so
enormous were these exactions, that although,
by the compromise bill of 1833, not lc?s than
seventy millions have been saved to the peo-
ple, in the face of the most reckless and profli-
gate expenditure, the Treasury still overflowed,
and, on January last, there were thirty-eight mil-
lions of surplus to be deposited with the States
The State banks, where these funds were deposited,
were stimulated by them to inordinate issues of
their paper; and the free accommodation to indivi-
duals which these issues afforded, ted the rage for
speculation. Suddenly the deposites were called
for from the banks by the deposite law. The ca'l
met them unprepared, because they could not col-
lect from their customers. They pressed the com-
munity, but the community, who had borrowed on
the faith of an easy indulgence, were as little pre-
paied as they were for payment. The Specie cir-
cular came in also with its operation, weakening
their vaults and crippling their resources. The
result was distress every where, a panic, and the
suspension of specie payment-. These certainly
were not all the causes of our present embarrass-
ment, but, were it not for the legislative usurpations
of Congress, I do not believe the catastrophe under
which we suffer would have been produced. And
what, sir, would have been the situation of this
country, if South Carolina had not nullified your
tariff laws, and the compromise bill had not passed''
Instead of thirty-eight millions, there would have
been upwards of one hundred millions of sur-
plus revenue in the bank's, under the control of
that usurping and corrupt Executive the gen-
tleman has so strongly denounced. Could the
liberties of the country have survived such a state
of things? Could the deposite banks ever have
repaid the money? and if they could, after it had
formed the basis of an immense issue of paper,
who will measure the ruin the sudden abstrac-
tion of such a capital from the banks would have
produced, in combination with the other causes
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Rhett.
which have prostrated the country. Eut the gen-
tleman from Kentucky overlooks these immense
benefits resulting from the compromise bill; and
can only see, in this measure, the design " to arrest
treason, and save the genius and chivalry of the
South from an ignominious gallows." Sir, to
know whether the gallows would have been igno-
minious in such a cause, it is necessary to under-
stand it.   What was if
For ten years, not  1822, (when William
Lowndes, filling the very representation I now oc-
cupj, declared upon this floor that the South was
more heavily taxed than any people upon earth,)
m person, or through our representatives, we re-
monstrated against your unjust and unconstitu-
tional oppiession. Instead of relaxing, we saw
your policy grow stiongor by time, and, bribed by
its operation, those who were once with us in de-
nouncing jt, made common cause with our old
opponents, in the effort to rivet it upon us for evei
At length, all confidence in your justice, slowlv,
reluctantly departed; and the melancholy and
stern conviction was forced upon u- , that we
must right ourselves—alone must right our-
selves South Carolina met the emergency in
which you placed her as it became her. She
nullified your tariff laws And did you then
enforce them? No' and why? Sir, I will
tell you you dared not It is one thing to sit
here upon well stuffed hair-seated chairs, and
legislate the property of the South into the pockets
of more favoied sections, and it is another to col-
lect your black mail by the sword. And did we
commit treason by this aci1 The gentleman from
Kentucky says so, and that the compromise bill
was intended to arrest it Sir, if it was treason, it
was treason hatched in Kentucky, that gentleman's
native State, and practised by Virginia when she
nullified the sedition laws, and Thomas Jefferson,
Madison, Rob an, Nicholas, and Macon, wei e some
of the arch traitors who taught or committed it.
Mr. Chairman, I will vindicate the fathers from
the aspersion of their sons. These men were not
traitois. They were those who, in 1801, in the
language of Mr. Jefferson, " saved the Constitu-
tion in its last gasp ' from the strangling hands of
consohdationists. They were not traitors, but wise
and intrepid statesmen—'he great fathers of the
republican paity, by whose sagacity and energy
this Union now exists. Were it not for the princi-
ples of this party, and the watchfulness and oppo-
sition of the South, this Constitution would long
since have been frittered away by constructions,
and this Government, becoming one vast consoli-
dated despotism, would have left no alternative
to the free but to di-^solv e it. We but carried out—
conscientiously carried out—the great principles
of the republican party, and when you thought
fit, by your compromise bill, to give way before
our armed resistance, the gent'eman from Ken-
tucky sajs that it was "to save the genius ?nd chi-
valry of the South from an ignominious gallons "
Sir, we certainly should be vastly grateful for the
tragic benevolence of these disinterested philan-
thromsts, who manifested on this occasion so noble
a disregard for their own safety, and such tender
consideiation for ours Whilst passive, " the ge-
nius and chivalry of the South" appealed in vain
to their sensibilities, but no sooner was it aroused
by their selfish oppressions, than all their meltm;
sympathies overflowed for its salvat.on Sir, the
gentleman has done gross injustice to himself in
uttering such sentiments They are only worthy
the bigot or the slave, of a m"id which can tole-
rate no difference of opinion, or which succumbs
to any. The gentleman should have vanquished
before he vaunted, and possessed himself of the
mantle of success, to cover over the hideous linea-
ments of cowardice and oppression which marked
his cause. Had South Caiolma been invade 1,
upon the firstgleamof the bayonet along our moun-
tain passes, he would have seen and known what
the chivalry of the South really was, not in blood-
less tropes and metaphor-, but in the stem realities
of the tented field. Not only Carolinians, but
thousands of volunteeis from the whole South,
whose names are upon the file, would have met
you in that fierce contest, and if the man
who   lately   ruled   this   confederacy   with  more
GLOBE.                               158
~~.......... "    ■"-             mi..mi   muís'".'"'.......mm ......«ameiiwqiBW' '   —"'"   ■     ■
H. of Reps.
than a monarch's power, and his abject fol-
lowers (more base than he, for he had person-
al animosities to gratify) had not met in the
gaps of the Saluda mountains another Ther-
mopylee—if they had penetrated to our plains, and
had not found themone vast cemetery for their
interment, and with fire and sword Carolina had
been desolated, and not one free spirit had been left
living or dvmg to strike for her rights—in her fall
liberty would have been avenged; and, like the
mighty Nazante of old, grasping the pillars of the
Constitution, the Union would have perished in
her lums. Sir, this is no Government of torce.
No free Government is a Government of force.
Fear is essentially the attribute of the slave; and
the Government which appeals to this principle for
support is already a despotism. Opinion, free, in-
telligent public opinion, can alone perpetuate our
mstiuitions, and when this fails, ail that can main-
tain them <ails. The sword c^n dissolve, but it
can not cement your Union together by the blood
of your citizens, and if it had been drawn against
us, however mournful the consequences, we were
prepared, fully, firmly prepared, to abide the issue.
We knew the mighty inheritance for which we
were to contend—that soil over which, for two cen-
turies, we had been the loids; and those altars at
which our fathers knelt and we had received our
brides We won it by the sword, and we were
prepared to keep it by the sword; or to perish,
as millions of our race had done before us, the
Victims of oppression and power combined And
if we had fallen in the field, or on the scaffold,
(as the genlletyan supposes,) would our fall
ha\e been ingle-noils'* Sir, it is not the manner of
death, but the cause, wh ch makps death infamous.
When Tullv thrust his head out of his litter to the
lictors of Anthony, who decsp'tated it, and his
dead hands were cut off and suspended m that fo-
rum, in which they had so often pleaded for liber-
ty and justice, was his death ignom.nious? Hayne
perished on the scaffold—was his death inglorious^?
Why, m Abbeville district, there still stands the
tree upon which, in our Revolution, twenty whigs
were hung at one time, did these men die ignomi-
nious);'7 The voulh of Carolina, as they approach
such memorials of their country's sanguinary
wiongs, tread more lightly upon the turf, whilst their
hearts swell with the mighty lesson they inspire,
that to die and die "ignominiously" m defence of
our country, is the du y and tne privilege of the pa-
trio'. It is the cause which makes death glcnous.
But, Mr. Chan man, 'hall things come to this
in the administration of the affa'rs of this Union?
In th.s free and enlightened age, are differences
of oprnion to be considered crimes, and the gibbet
and the halter to be held forth is the great instru-
ments of establishing trath' If so, we had better se-
parate at once, for the Union mu-t be dissolved.
God grant that it ma\ ions endure, a blessing to
the poueifal people who are growing up
beneath us auspices But should it be dissolved,
hi-'oiy—when all tue m'erests and passions,
wheh peuert the \lews (if eolempiranes, shall
sleep v. >tli the depaited—impa tial histoiy will
recor1, that the South was ever true to the
fait'i which bound her to the rest of the con-
federacy \ltliough, undei the mildest and most
favorable operation of the Constitution, she must
bear an unequal portion of the burdens of the Go-
vernmjnt, at this she has never murmured In
prospeutv «lie has vtDheld, and in adversity she has
never abandoned jou. All she requires is, that
you adheie to vour compact with her. Take what
is legitimately neo' d foi constitutional purposes,
but >-i all o'her tb ngs kive her alone to her own
resomces ind destiny And is this an unreasona-
ble leo'ie t, or is j.' hpid to grant it' Must per-
petual ag tat on be the penalty she must ever pay
foi hei cenn-ction wnh jou? and shall tne bond
of oui Unior, wli ch was designed by our fa'heis
tole a bond of affection and peace, be «sicnle-
girus'y conver'edinto anins'rument of bigotry and
oppression'' After a ejele of fort -e ?h' vcars, we
havt ?iuved, apparently, at a nt\ eia under our
ConsatutiOD Let us forget tin, p?st, excepting in
the lesions of forbearance and moderation which
its experience afford . Tur that noble State, which
I in pail íepicsent, I knov I can v ith  confidence
