154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Townes.
Sept 1837.
H. of Reps.
anticípale her course. Too generous to remember
wrongs—too proud to resent tnem—too gieat to
practise them—she will ever be true to the cause oí
liberty, the Constitution, and the Union
REMARKS OF MR. TOWNES,
Of Geougia,
lathe House of Rcpiesenlahves, September 28,1837—
In reply to Mr. Dawson, on the "bill to postpone
the fourth instalment of depósitos with J¿ie
Slates."
Mr. TOWNES addressed the House as follows
Mr. Speaker- I would not have n en, after the
protracted discussion we have had, but for the very
remaikable speech of my colleague (Mr Dawson,)
•who has just taken his seat. Sir, I have no ex-
pectations to fulfil, no vanity 10 gratify. But
when my colleague thinks proper to address his and
my constituents, rather than the members of this
House, with the view, doubtless, of operating on
them, it shall be my duty to examine the correct-
ness ot his argument, and to expose whatever
errors may be suggested to my mind. For my
honorable colleague, I now do, and trust I ever
shall, entertain the kindest peisonal regard, but
•when he rises on this floor,'and uses unauthorized
denunciations of measures and motives, I feel that
circumstance a suflicient apology lor the time I
shall coníume.
Sir, when my honoiable colleague rose to address
the House last night, he gav¿ us to understand that
he biought no parly feeling to the discussion, that
he should alone confine himself to the bill on your
table, and give the reasons that would induce
him to vote against that measure. I think the
gentleman was unfoitunate in this lernark Why
should lie have thought piopei lo give not cc that
he was about to discus (his -ii'iject witkvul ii/tvii
to pailyl What act i ' his p >hlieal hie \\ on'd hive
exposed him to a suspicion so unchai liable? it is
trae, I believe, sir, that my col'eague is always
found acting with one political p-rty against the
other, but surely no one could suppose this to be
ihe result of pa>ty feeling1 For myself, I have
known the honorable gentleman too long and too
well for the disclaimer of piny feeling which he
placed in the lront paH of his speech to mislead oi
deceive me My colleague, at an early put oí his
remarks, it I understood him correctly, maintained
that the funds, now m the d> posile banks, were
available for all th- pmposcs o1 the i sntciivc
Stales, as well >s foi ti e eiigene es of thi G in lal
I Government, and tne b< ttu lo fortify lumsell m
this position, he piopoundo 1 qnest'otis to membcis
rom difleient Stales 11 which the banks ar- s tu-
ted, with a view to show their solvency. The in
aormation thus obtjme 1 was deemed amp'v suili-
fcient for the purpose of my colleague.
Sir, u is not •he ultimate solvency of the banks
that ve are looking to, but it is whether the banks
can now, on demand, pay the amount on depos te,
m such funds as w ould enable the States to use it
profitably. Has my colleague estunished this im-
portant fact? I think not, sn In some of the
States, where theic are large amounts in the depo-
site limits, it mi) be to the interest of mepeopl ■ of
those States, that the deposite oí the fouifh ustal-
ment should be made, foi it is nianifi *t that so-r.e
oi the States would be benefit P |t vhi'e a majority
wojld be injuied Mv c lie ..tie insisted, and
properly, too, that the funds in the Tiea«nr of
tins Government, in Jannaiy last, were alone the
funds thatccnld be depos ted, and which veie com-
posed exclusive1)' oe the notes of the depo lie b-nks,
and such othei local nstitutions, the paper of wl>ic'i
was received on deposite bj thepei banks, as the",
are called Mj colleague then, alter ha ins satis-
fied h's own m n • (l.a'he'- better I think tha i that
of aiiv o her) oí the so'ieney ?nd ata hhilitj o*
the funds now in the deposite banks, m the accus-
tomed taste and mannet ol thi day, pernio 1 fnr'h
his lamentations over tV mined and wretchedcon-
dition of the whole count) ,brought about by oaus-«
he did rot pretend to evphin This p ctur™, so
fancifully drawn by some, and so faithfully repeat-
ed by many others, was well lehearsed by mj cc 1-
league, and, as js usual with those who cuti    ec m
the times evidence of folly and wick'dnrsa in the
present administration, and the necessity of res-
cuing the people from themselves, he declared him-
seli in tavor of relief. And, sir, what is the relief
he would give1 Who is it he will relieve' And
what is Ins. mode of relief? The fiist step in my
colleague's great scheme of relief is, by depositing
with one hand the fouith instalment, amounting to
upwards of nine millions of dollars, with the States,
when, with the other, in order to relieve the Go-
vernment, he would have to take back not only
that very fourth instalment, but also a large pro-
portion of the sums heretofore deposited. This,
sir, would be one of the consequences of rejecting
the bill on your table. It surely can not be the ob-
ject of the honorable gentleman to cut off all sup-
plies to the Government1 It is not, I hope, hispur-
pose to bung the Government to bankruptcy'
Much less will he consent to bring disgrace upon
the institutions ot the country, and more especial-
ly, as he tells us he has no party feelings to gratify'
Patriotism imperiously demands of every member
on this floor lo deal lauly between the Government
and the people, for if you cripple and dishonor the
one, vou disgrace and enslave the other.
Sir, what are the demonstiated, and I may add
virtually conceded, facts as regards this question"*
First, sir, that all the funds now m the Treasury,
available and unavailable, do not much exceed eight
millions. Of this there are less than two millions
strictly available, and now my colleague is fretting
and chafing, because we will not consent to depo-
site with the States upwards of nine millions, when
we have only about eight in the Tieasury, and a
very large proportion of that not available. And,
sir, because the party m power will not do this, he
has been pleased to cnaractense the course of the
administration as a " humbug upon the people "
S r, this brings me to peilorm an unp'easant duty
T ltgrc t it, but my coheigue lias biought it on hnn-
seil lie ehdiges esciy motive but ihe conect
one, upon those who vote (or this bill, he alone
claiming the credit of unmasking the wretched
deformity of those who advocate that measnie, and
showing, by a repoit from the Scoreldiy ol the
Tieasury, the gioss inequality and injustice of this
bill. Howevci high I may estimate the opinions
of my colleague on mest subjects, 1 can not, after
the evidence he has furnished against himself as a
financier, hold any opinions of his as unquestionable
authonly on that subject. Is it not in the recollec-
tion of eveiy gentleman on this floor, that mv col-
ic igue, wnen this b 11 first came up for cm ¡dela-
tion, offtred an amendment, the fust, as I piesuine
it will be the last, of it chaiacler known to ihe le-
gislation oi this country? What could have been
ihe object of the gentleman in offering that amend-
ment'! Was it because he reailj bel eyed that the
unexpended balances of ioi merappropnations, esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Tieasury at about
twenty-lour millions, was evidence of that sum of
money then in the Treasury1 No, sn my colleague
knew that these tvventy-four millions ofunexpended
balances of formei appiopnations veie a charge
now e\istmg oga nst the Treasui v Either he must
have kiiotti this, or the fact ol his not knowing it
will essentially destroy the confidence which would
othciw ise belong to his statements as to the condi-
tion of the Tieasury If, s r, I am right in
suppos ng he understood what tne Secietary of
the Treasury me int when he speaks of the unex-
pended bal mees of lormei appiopnations, as a
chaue against the Treasmy, I ask the g.ntle-
rrnn, in jll endor, who it is that has attempted
to " humbug" the people1 He vv ell knew he could
not "humbug" this Hcuse, and I then fore have a
right lo conclude that he wished to "humbu°" his
const tuents And yet my fuend from Georgia
vu'1 have it that the fuends of the administiat>on,
be'ievmg thai the rcomoes of f> e Government are
adequate to meet all the engáceme its and lubilities
of thf Tre?smy, are neveitheless disposed to with-
hold iiom the States the 1 >st instalment undei the
deposite law For myself, sr, I am flee to admit
that 1 was as much oppose I as my colleague
could be to the passage of tins bill until proof was
adduced, most conclusive to my mind, that there
was an actual deficit m the Tieasury Could I
longer doubt as  to the course I wa« bound, from
every consideration of patriotism, to pursue1 On
the one hand stood your Treasuiy depleted, disar-
ranged, and disordered—stripped ot all its resouices
by the sad revulsions in trade and commerce—with
the Secretary asking Congress lo give such facili-
ties as the exigencies required, and on the other
the States urging that the last farthing in ti e Trea-
sury should be deposited with them for safe keep-
ing. What, sir, would be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury if the bill now under consideration
be rejected?
In the first place, he would be required to de-
posite money which is not m the Treasury, and
the deficit would have, of necessity, to be Supplied
by a loan, and then the1 principle w ould be fully
established, that this Government will borrow
money to loan or give the States, that theymiy
appropriate the same to all the purposes of internal
improvement. Is my colleague prepared to sanc-
tion this doctrine1 lo he prepared to see works of
internal improvementCameron, by a system of le-
gislation that v ould beggartfte South and enrich
the Noi th1 I should hope boí^ Yet, sir, if tins
bill be rejected, we shall be compelled to create a
loan in the first place, to be discharged hereaf'ei by
an increase of duties on foreign imports The traiff,
so justly odious to the southern mteiest, would be
increased in order to discharge the national debt
which woulc} be the consequence of further con-
tinning the policy oí the deposite act of June, 1836.
Have we not witnessed enough during the progress
ot this discussion, to awaken the fears of ev ery south-
einmemberon this floor1 Look, sir, at the course of
debate on this question. For the first few days
the" bill was resisted on the ground that gentlemen
were unable to come to satisfactory conclusions,
fiom the report of the Secretary, as to the actual
condition oi ourfmances This ground was taken
and insisted upon by every gentleman who opposed
the bill. An honorable gentleman (Mr Buggs)
who addressed the House some dajs since against
its pa sage, dcclaied himself so much bewildered
and embarrassed from the hnmbuggery report of
the Secietary, that he appealed to one of the com-
mittee (Mr. Ilamer,) "to remove the shadow from
his eyes." I am unable to say whether the gentle-
man from Ohio has yet perfoimed that operation.
I apprehend, sir, that m older to operat  with otic-
cess upon the gentleman fiom Massachusetts,
(Mr Briggs) you should observe the preliminary
treatment of all skilful surgeons, first iO prepare
the system, which in this case could only be done
by removing the money from his leach No, sir,
when money is in the way, "shadows" will rise,
lid in vain can we hope to approach a subject
in that cleai light so important to the best
interests of the people. But, sir, it is a curious
faet, well woithy of reraembiance, that all, or
the most of those who have opposed this bill, on
the ground thatthei could not underst tnd the report
of the Secretaiy ot the Treasury, were abl« to un-
derstand, with great clearness, that thedepositeactof
June, 183b, was a bona fide conuact, entered into
bcHveen this Government and the States, whereby
upwards of thuty-seven millions of money was to
be deposite 1 with the States, and that the faith of
this Government was pledged to make this deposite,
whether n point ol fact there wus a suiplus or not.
Sir, the first ground tasen in the debate was aban-
doned. The second was then assumed, that this
law was a contract, and that the pubbc faith and
good morals, demanded a fulfilment of it on the
part of this Government. When I advert back
to the period when this Jaw was passed, ?nd ihe
arguments then advanced in its favor—when I
lecollect that a large majority of all parties then
united in the measure, which thty prolcssed to be-
lieve necessary, to guaid against the a'legeJ Execu-
tive patronage, m convertirg the money to im-
proper uses—when, sir, I remember that these
aigumcnts, enforced as they were by all sidet
of this House, failed in convincing me thas
the principles of that bill were not dangerous
to the people and to the Government, I can not but
feel gratified that none of the responsibility of that
measure rests on my shoulders But, sn, the
last giound taken in this debate throws off all dis-
guise, and places this question on a new and still
more objectionable ground.    Have we not heard
