168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837
25th CoNCi....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
in 1836. Both of these institutions, each in its
time, accomplished their purposes, so far as cur-
rency was concerned, to the general satisfaction of
the country. Bat before the last bank expired, it
had the misfortune to become obnoxious to the late
administration. I need not at present speak of the
causes of this hostility. My purpose only lequires
a statement of that fact, as an important one in the
chain of occurrences.
The late President's dissatisfaction of the bank
was intimated in his first annual message, that is
to say in 1829. But the bank stood very well with
the country, the President's known and growing
hostility notwithstanding ; and in 1832, four years
before its eharter was to expire, both houses of
Congress passed a bill for its continuance ; there
being in its favor a large majority of the Senate,
and a larger majority of the House of Representa-
tives. The bill, however, was negatived by the
President. In 1833, by an order of the President,
the public moneys were removed from the custody
of the bank, and were deposited with certain se-
lected State banks. This removal was accom-
panied with ihe most confident declarations and
assurances, put forth in every form, by the Presi-
dent and Secretary of the Treasury, that these
State banks would not only prove safe deposito-
ries of the public money, but that they would also
furnish the country with as good a currency as it
ever had enjoyed, and probably a better; and
would accomplish all that could be wished in re-
gard to domestic exchanges. The substitution of
State banks for a national institution, for the dis-
charge of thise duties, was that operation, which
has become known, and is likely 10 be long remem-
bered, as the " experiment."
For some years all was said to go on extremely
well, although it seemed plain enough to a great
part of the community that the system was radi-
cally vicious; that its operations were all incon-
venient, clumsy, and wholly inadequate to the pro-
posed ends; and that, sooner or later, there must
be an explosion. The administration, however,
adhered to its experiment. The more it was com-
plained of the louder it was praised. Its commen-
dation was one of the standing topics of all official
communications; and in his last message, in De-
cember, 1836, the late President was more than
usually emphatic upon the great snece.-s of his at-
tempts to improve the currency, and the happy
results of the experiment upon the important busi-
ness of exchange. But a reverse was at hand.
The ripening piones of the experiment were soon
to meet a dreadful bhghtin:r. In the early part of
May last, these banks all s'opped payment. This
event, of course, produced great distress in the
country, and it produced also similar embarrass-
ment to thi administration.
The present administration was then only two
months old; but it had already become formally
pledged to maintain the policy of that which had
gone before it. The President had avowed his
purpose of treading in the footsteps of his prede-
cessor. Here, then, was difficulty. Here was a
political knot, to be either untied or cut. The ex-
periment had failed, and failed, as it was thought,
so utterly and hopelessly, that it could not be tried
again.
What, then, was to be done? Committed
against a Rank of the United States in the strong-
est manner, and the substitute, from which so much
was expected, having disappointed all hopes, what
was the administration to do? Two distinct
classes of duties had been performed in times past
by the Bank of the United States; one more imme-
diately to ihe Government, the other to the commu-
nity. The first was the safe-keeping and the trans-
fer, when required, of the public moneys ; the
other the supplying of a sound and convenient pa-
per currency, of equal credit all over the country,
and every where equivalent to specie, and the
giving the most important facilities to the opera-
tions of exchange. These objects were highly im-
portant, and their most pel feet accomplishment by
the experiment had been promised from the first.
The Slate banks, it was declared, could peiform all
there duties, and should perform them. But the
"• experiment" came to a dishonored end in the
early part of May.   The deposite banks, with the
others, stopped payment. They could not render
back the deposites; and, so far from being able to
furnish a general currency, or to assist exchanges,
(purposes, indeed, which they never had fulfilled
with any success,) their paper became immediately
depreciated, even in its local circulation. What
course, then, was the administration now to adopt?
Why, sir, it is plain that it had but one alternative
It must either return to the former practice of the
Government, take the currency into its own hands,
and maintain it, as well as provide for the safe
keeping of the public money by some institution of
its own; or else, adopting some new mode of
merely keeping the public money, it must aban-
don all further care over currency and exchange.
One of these courses became inevitable. The admin-
istration had no choice. The State banks could be
tried no more, with the opinion which the adminis-
tration now entertained of them; and how else
could any thing be done to maintain the currency ?
In no way but by the establishment of a national
institution.
There was no escape from this dilemma. One
course was, to go back to that which the party had
so much cendemned; the other, to give up the whole
duty, and leave the currency to its fate. Between
these two, the administration found itself absolute-
ly obliged to decide; and it has decided, and de-
cided boldly. It was decided to surrender the du-
ty, and abandon the constitution. That decision is
before us, in the message, and in the measures now
under consideration. The choice has been made;
and that choice, in my opinion, raises a question
of the utmost importance to the people of this coun-
try, both for the present and all future tune. That
question is, whether Congress has, or ought to have,
any duty to perform in relation to the currency of the
country, beyond the mere regulation of the gold and
silver eoin.
Mr. President, the honorable member from South
Carolina remarked,the ether day, with great frank-
ness and good humor, that, in the political classifi-
cation of the times, he desired to be considered as
nothing but an honest nullifier. That, he said, was
his character. I believe, sir, the country will rea-
dily concede that character to the honorable gen-
tleman. For one, certainly, I am willing to say,
that I believe him to be a very honest and a very
sincere nullifier, using the term in the same sense
in which he used it himself, and in which he meant
to apply it to himself. And I am very much afraid,
sir, that (whatever he may think of it himself) it
has been under the influence of those sentimpnls,
which belong to his character as a nullifier, that he
has so readily and so zealously embraced the doc
trines of the Pre-¡dent's message. In my opinion,
the message, the bill before us, and the honorable
member's amendment, form, together, a svstem, a
code of practical politics, the direct tendency of
which is to nullify and expunge, or, perhaps, more
correctly speaking, by a united and mixed process
of nullification and expunging, to abolish a highly
important and useful power of the Government.
It strikes down the principle upon which the Gov-
ernment has been administered, in regard to the
subject of the currency, through its whole history ;
and it seeks to obliterate, or to draw black lines
arounü that part of the constitution on which this
principle of admintstration has rested. The system
proposed, in my opinion, is not only anti-commer-
cial, but anti-constitutional also, and anti-union, in
a high degreee.
You will say, sir, that this is a strong way of
stating an opinion. It is so. I mean to state the
opinion in the strongest manner. I do not wish,
indeed, at every turn, to say, of measures which I
oppose, that they either violate or surrender the
constitution. But when, in all soberness and can-
dor, I do so think, in all soberness and candor I
must so speak; and whether the opinion which I
have now expressed be true, let the sequel decide.
Now, sir, Congress has been called together in a
moment of great difficulty. The characteristic of
the crisis is commercial distress. We are not suf-
fering from war, or pestilence, or famine; and it is
alleged by the President and Secretary, that there
is no want of revenue. Our means, it is averred,
are abundant. And yet the Government is in dis-
tress, and the country is in distress; and Congress
is assembled, by a call of the President, to provide
relief. The immediate and direct cause of all is,
derangement of the currency and the exchanges ;
commercial credit is gone, and property no longer
answers the common ends and purposes of pro-
perty. Government eannot use its own means, and
individuals are alike unable to command their own
resources. The operations both of Government
and people are obstructed ; and they are obstructed,
because the money of the country, the great instru-
ment of commerce and exchange, has become dis-
ordered and useless. The Government has funds;
that is to say, it has credits in the banks, but it can-
not turn these credits into cash ; and individual citi-
zens are as bad off as Government. The Govern-
ment is a great creditor and a great debtor. It
collects and it disburses large sums. In the loss,
therefore, of a proper medium of payment and
receipt, Government is a sufferer. But the people
are sufferers from the same causes ; and inasmuch
as the whole amount of payments and receipts by
the people, in their individual transaetions, is many-
times greater than the amount of payments and
receipts by Government, the aggregate of evil suf-
fered by the people is also many times greater than
that suffered by Government. Individuals have
means as ample, in proportion to their wants, as
Government; but they share with Government the
common calamity arising from the overthrow of
the currency. The honorable member from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. Walker) has stated, or has quoted the
statement from others, that while the payments and
receipts of Government are twenty millions a year,
the payments and receipts of individuals are two or
three hundred millions. He has, I think, under-
rated the amount of individual payments and re-
ceipts. But even if he has not, the statement shows
how little a part of the whole, evil falls on Govern-
ment. The great mass of suffering is on the peo-
ple.
Now, sir, when we look at the message,'the bill,
and the proposed amendment, their single, exclu-
sive, and undivided object is found to be, relief to
the Government. Not one single provision is adopt-
ed or recommended, with direct reference to the
relief of the people. They all speak of revenue,
of finance, of duties and customs, of taxes and
collections; and the evils which the people suffer,
by the derangement of the currency and the ex-
changes, and the breaking up of commercial cre-
dit, instead of being put forth as prominent and
1-ading objects of regard, are dismissed with a
slight intimation, here and there, that, in providing
for the superior and paramount interest of Govern-
ment, some incidental or collateral benefits may,
perhaps, accrue to the community. But is Gov-
ernment, I ask, to care for nothing but itself? Is
self-preservation the great end of Government?
Has it no trust powers? Does it owe no duties,
but to itself? If it keeps itself in being, does it
fulfil all the objects of its creation? I think not.
I think Government exists, not for its own ends,
but for the public utility. It is an agency, estab-
lished to promote the common good, by common
ounsels; its chief duties are to the people; and
i seems to me strange and preposterous, in a mo-
ment of great and general distress, that Govern-
ment should confine all deliberations to the single
object of its own revenues, its own convenience,
its own undisturbed administration.
I cannot say, sir, that I was surprised to see this
rreneral character impressed on the face of the
message. I confess it appeared to me, when the
banks" stopped payment, that the administration
had come to a pass in which it was unavoidable
that it should take some such course. But that
necessity was imposed, not by the nature of the
crisis but by its own commitment to the line of
politics which its predecessor had adopted, and
which it had pledged itself to pursue.
It withdraws its care from the currency, because
it has left itself no means of performing its own
duties, connected with that subject. It has volun-
tarily,'and on calculation, discarded'and renounced
the policy which has been approved for half a cen-
tury, because it could not return to that policy,
without admitting its own inconsistency, and vio-
lating its party pledges. This is the truth of the
whole matter.
