APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________Oct. 1837,
Makingpuhtic officers depositories—Mr. Pichen
25th CoMG....lst Sess.
last, and were equally full of confluence- and as-
inrance in regard to that.
Who invite us to try this experiment? What
voices do we hear raised in its recommendation?
Ate they not the well-known voices which we
heard so often when the late " experiment" was
begun? We know of but one accession. The
voice of the honorable member from South Caro-
lina is heard, it is trae, now mingling with the
general strain; and that is all. Where, then, is the
ground lor confidence in this experiment, more
than there was for it in the last?
This scheme, too, is against all our usages and
all our habits. It locks up the revenue, under bolts
and bars, from the time of collection to the lime of
disbursement. Our practice has been otherwise,
and it has been a useful practice. In 1833*, the
Secretary of the Treasury admonished the deposite
banks, since they had obtained the custody of the
public funds, to accommodate the public, to loan
freely, especially to importing merchants. And
now, a system is proposed to us, according to which,
any use of the public funds, by way of loan or ac-
commodation to the public, is made a criminal of-
lence, and to be prosecuted by indictment! Admi-
rable, admirable consistency!
But the great objection to the measure, that which
so much diminishes the importance of all other ob-
jections, is its abandonment of the duty of Govern-
ment. The character of this project is, severance
of the Government from the people. This, like
the mark of Cain, is branded on its forehead. Go-
vernment separates itself, not from the banks
merely, but from the community. It withdraws
its care, it denies its protection, it renounces its
own high duties. 1 am against the project, there-
fore, in principle and in detail; I am for no new ex-
periments; but I am for a sound currency for the
country. And I mean by this, a convertible cur-
rency, so far as it consists of paper. I differ, alto-
gether, in tins respect from the gentleman from
South Carolina. Mere Government paper, not
payable otherwise than by being received for taxes,
has no pretence to be called a currency. After all
that can be said about it, such paper is mere paper
money. It is nothing but billsof credit. It always
has been, and always will be, depreciated. Sir, we
want specie, and wc want paper of universal credit,
and which is convertible into specie at the will of
the holder. That system of currency, the expe-
mnce of the world, and our own experience, have
both fully approved.
I maintain, sir, that the People of this country
are entitled, at the hand of this Government, to- a
¡>ound, safe, and uniform currency. If they agree
with lap, ihey will themselves say so. They will
say, "it is our right; we have enjoyed it forty
years; it is practicable, it is necessary to our pros-
perity, it is the duty of Government to furnish it;
we ought to have n, we can have it, and we will
have il.
The language of the Administration, on the
other hand, is; ' Good masters, you are mistaken.
You have no such right. You are entitled to no
such thing from us. The Constitution has been
misunderstood. We have suddenly found out its
true meaning. A new light has flashed upon us.
It is no business of ours to turnish a national cur-
H-ncy. You can not have it, and you will not get
it."
Mr. President, I have thus stated what I think
to be the real question now before the country. I
trust myself, cheerfully, to the result. I am wil-
ling lo abide the test of tune, and the ullimate
judgment of the People; for it is a .sentiment deep-
ly infused ln'o me, it is a conviction which per-
v ades every faculty I possess, that there can be no set-
tled and permanent prosperity to the commerce and
business of the countiy, until the constitutional
duty of Government in regard lo the currency be
honestly and faithfully fulfilled.
SPEECH OF MR. PICKENS,
Of South Carolina,
hi the House of Representatives, October   10, 1837__
On the bill imposing additional duties on public
officeis, as depositories of the public money, and
requiring; the payment of the fevenue in specie,
or evidences of public debt.
Mb. PICKENS said:
Notwithstanding, Mr. Chairman, I labor under
painful indisposition, yet I feel bound to present
my views upon the interesting and absorbing ques-
tions connected with the bill on your table: but I
can assure this committee that I will economize its
time as much as possible.
Sir, we have heard much declamation upon the
distresses and embarrassments that pervade large -
classes of our community, and I confess I have
heard these complaints with the deepest and most
profound emotions of sympathy. I trust I have
felt as an American ought to feel on such an occa-
sion. A stranger, unacquainted with our peculiar
form of government, might be led to believe, on
hearing the cues for relief that have Come up to
us from all quarters of this land, that we had
nothing todo but to speak and to proclaim peace,
prosperity, and contentment, to an excited and
divided community; but, sir, I am induced to
belkve that that government is the freest .which is
the farthest removed from those individual pur-
suits, and those individual occupations, that belong-
either to sections or to classes; and that the less we
interfere with those concerns, the moré contented
and the more prosperous will the people be.
I have also been induced to believe that it is one
of the peculiar features of our federal constitution,
that this government was formed, principally, to
conduct our foreign intercourse with the nations
of the earth, and to prepare us to defend ourselves
from foreign invasion or- tc resist foreign .aggres-
sion ; and that local interests, and local pursuits,
whether connected with commerce, manufactures,
or agriculture, were almost entirely left to those
territorial divisions over which separate and inde-
pendent governments hold their sway. I protest
against this modern doctrine, which has been intro-
duced so extensively into this country within the
last fifteen years, and which teaches classes and
sections of this community to look up to the boun-
ties and favors of this Government with more
eagerness and anxiety than do the farmers of our
land, under a burning noonday sun, look for the
coming shower to bles? and refresh their parched
and withering fields of grain. The consequence of
all this, is to introduce that servile dependence
upon this Government which is utterly at war with
the nature of our institutions, and the integrity of
man. Sir, I feel for the distresses of my country,
and I trust I shall ever feel as I ought; but, there
are constitutional limitations to this Government
that forbid the idea of carrying but those sympa-
thies which, though they ever belong, perhaps, to
generous natures, yet, if habitually put into prac-
tice, produce as much, injustice and pressure, and,
not unfrequently, more than they ever avoid. Any
other doctrine would substitute our poor and frail
judgments in place of that interest arid instinct
which belong to every individual in society, and
prompt him to pursue whatever is best and most
suitable for his happiness and prosperity. But let
the Government attempt, with -one hand, to dis-
pense favor and bounty, and the inevitable conse-
quence is, that the other will be stretched out but
to be felt in its pressure and the burthen it imposes.
Such reckless and miserable policy as this, would
[ convert the Government into one great insurance
ofiiee for all those who chose to engage in the mad
and giddy career of speculation and extravagance,
instead of wailing the slow but certain rewards of
honest industry. Government has no magic power
by which to create wealth or to bestow its bounty
upon one class or one section, unless at the ex-
pense of others.
Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed to trespass
upon the attention of this committee by discussing
minutely those abstruse questions connected with
currency and trade. I too well understand the sa-
gacity of this committee, and its profound common
sense to detain them long upon those subjects. I
know well, sir, that for a man to discourse here
upon currency, trade, and commerce, at least if he
expects to command the attention of this body, he
must have a high chara-ter for experience, and be
blessed also with a good old age. Yes, if he ex-
pects to entertain this house upon those abstruse
questions he must first put on the "powdered wig"
and " fair-top-boots," and place himself on the
"tripod," and talk about trade and commerce be-
yond the waters, and in another hemisphere, thirty
or forty years ago. Such a man would be listened
to as a sage, particularly if he stepped foith as the
s._________________________H. of Reps.
advocate of some peculiar theory, or if he ascribed
the prevailing embarrassments to some foreign or
remote cause, or declared them to be owing to
causes beyond our control; to something that ope-
rated deeply upon the community, which they could
neither foresee nor avert 1 If one were to proclaim
the doctrine that our suffering and rum have sprung
from over-speculation, over-trading, or extrava-
gance, or a combination of them all; or if he were
to say that many a man had been brought to bank-
ruptcy and poverty by dashing forth in a coach and
four, with splendid damask curtains, Brussels car-
pets, and broad mirrors, upon a capital, in reality,
y of but three hundred dollars, with a credit oí thirty
thousand dollars, he would advance such sentiments
but to call down upon his head the denunciations
of the wise in this enlightened age, for his folly and
his madness! I But, while I am not disposed, mi-
nutely, to touch these intricate points, I cannot al-
together overlook them without a passing notice.
The immediate causes, sir, of our distress arise
from that peculiar system of credit and currency
which has, for the last Jive years, been enlarged so
extensively both in England and in this coun-
try. In England, during the year 1836 alone, no
less than two hundred joint stock banks were
created, the influence of which was deeply felt,
first in that country and then in this. Vast facili-
ties were extended to our capitalists, while, also,
they received an extension of the credit system
here, connected with a peculiar juncture in our af-
fairs during the fame period. The Bank of the
United States was about to wind up, or was sup-
posed to be about to wind up, its concerns. For
twenty years had that institution held a control
over the currency and exchanges of the country, and
hundreds, I might almost say thousands, of of her in-
stitutions were created in order to supply the demand
in the circulating medium which, it was supposed,
would ensue upon the decease of that bank. We all
know, too,(I refer to thesethings as matters of history)
that a war at that time was carried on against that in-
stitution, and that, for the purpose of creating coun-
ter interests in society, the deposites of this Govern-
ment were placed in local institutions, and that
these latter, after being made the fiscal agents of
this Government, with an immense surplus, were
expressly encouraged, nay more, enjoined, to en-
large their circulation. This, connected with the
extended credit system in Great Britain, and the
long peace which had engendered confidence, pro-
ducing large investments of foreign capital in our
stocks, had the effect of expanding our local cur-
rency and credits, and produced a gigantic system
of speculation and enterprise never witnessed in
any age or country before. I do not allude to the
increased amount of mere issues alone; but the
bills, checks, and other substitutes for money which
these banks brought into circulation. This pro-
duced a bloated system of credit, which, with the
apparent prosperity of the times, seemed to expand
and place unbounded means within the grasp of
almost every individual member of society. He
seemed to breathe a new atmosphere, and gaze
alone upon the splendid fortune that glittered be-
fore his excited imagination.
This system has one remarkably peculiar fea-
ture. It grows up, is fostered and nourished under
free institutions. But there is another remarkable
principle in it, that, after it has spread itself into
all the ramifications of society, then, sir, those who
depend upon it, and aie deeply identified with it,
(although at first springing up under free insti-
tutions,) soon become disposed to lean, for aid and
support, upon any government, no matter how
despotic, rather than run the risk of a shock by re-
form or revolution.
The slightest irregular movement of the Govern-
ment must necessarily produce an electric shock in
this delicate and vital credit system, which would
be felt and extend from the centre to the circum-
ference of all society. It can only live under a free
Gorernment, as far removed from it as possible;
and, if it be once brought into contact with a law-
less Government, it must either fall altogether, or
lean upon that Government for protection and sup-
port, and become intimately identified with it.
Now, I am about to refer to something which be-
longs to the history of this question, and which has
happened within the last four or five years. To
my mind it is an example not to be disregarded,
but presents a lesson of profound wisdom, which
no one can reflect upon without profit. The war
made upon the Bank of the United States, and the
seizure of the public deposites, a seizure without
