Sept. 1851
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
181
25th €oNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Air. Clay.
Senate.
removal of deposites from the Bank of the United
States to the deposite banks, to disturb the business
of the counlry ; no accumulations in the deposite
banks of immense sums of public money, augment-
ed by the circuit it was performing between the
land offices and the banks, and the banks and the
land offices ; no occasion for the Secretary of the
Treasury to lash the deposite banks into the grant
of inordinate accommodations; and possibly there
would have beenno suspension of specie payments.
But that bill was suppressed by a most extraordi-
nary and dangerous exercise of Executive power.
The cause of our present difficulties may be stat-
ed in another way. During the late Administration
we have been deprived of the practical benefit of a
free Government; the forms, it is true, remained
and were observed, but the essence did not exist.
In a free, or self-government, the collected wisdom,
the aggregate will of the whole, or at least of a
majority, moulds and directs the course of public
affairs. In a despotism, the will of a single indi-
vidual governs. In a practically free Government,
the nation controls the Chief Magistrate; in an
arbitrary Government the Chief Magistrate controls
the nation. And has not this been our situation in
the period mentioned ? Has not one man forced
his own will on the nation 1 Have not all those
disastrous measures—the veto of the bank; the
removal of the deposites ¡ and rejection of the
land bill; and the Treasury order, which have
led to our present unfortunate condition, been
adopted, in spite of the wishes of the country, and
in opposition, probably, to those of the dominant
party itself?
Our misfortune has not been the want of wisdom,
but of firmness. The party in power would not
have governed the country very ill, if it had been
allowed its own way. Its fatal error has been to
lend its sanction, and to bestow its subsequent ap-
plause and support upon Executive acts which, in
their origin, it previously deprecated or condemned.
We have been shocked and grieved to see whole
legislative bodies and communities approving and
lauding the rejection of the very measures which
previously they had unanimously recommended!
To se« whole States abandoning their long-cherish-
ed policy and best interests in subserviency to Exe-
cutive pleasure! And the hiumberless examples of
individuals who have surrendered their indepen-
dence, must inflict pain in every patriot bosom. A
single case forces itself upon my recollection as an
illustration, to which I do not avert from any un-
kind feelings towards the gentleman to whom I re-
fer, between whom and mysslf civil and courteous
relations have ever existed. The memorial of the
late Bank of the United States praying for a re-
charter was placed in bis hands, and he presented it
to the Senate. He carried the recharter through
the Senate. The veto came; and, in two or three
weeks afterwards, we behold the same Senator at
the head of an assembly of the People in the State
House Yard, in Philadelphia, applauding the veto,
and condemning the bank—condemning his own
act! Motives lie beyond the reach of the human
eye, and it does not belong to me to say what
they were which prompted this self-castigation,
and this praise of the destruction of his own
work; but it is impossible to overlook the fact
that this same Senator, in due time, received from
the author of the veto the gift of a splendid foreign
mission!
The mora! deducible from the past is, that our
free institutions are superior to all others, and can
be preserved in their purity and excellence only
upon the stern condition that we shall forever hold
the obligations of patriotism paramount to all the
ties of party, or to individual dictation; and that
we shall never openly approve what we secretly
condemn.
In this rapid, and, I hope, not fatiguing review
of the causes which I think have brought upon
us existing embarrassments, I repeat that it has
been for no purpose of reproaching or criminating
those who have had the conduct of our public
affairs; but to discover the means by which the
present crisis has been produced, with a view to
ascertain, if possible, what (which is by far much
more important) should be done by Congress to
avert its injurious effects. And this brings me to
consider the remedy proposed by the Administration.
The great evil under which the country labors is
the suspension of the banks to pay specie, the total
derangement in all domestic exchangee, and the
paralysis which has come over the whole business
of the country. In regard to the currency, it is not
that a given amount of bank notes will not now
command as much as the same amount of specie
would have done prior to the suspension; but it is
the future, the danger of an inconvertible paper
money being indefinitely or permanently fixed upon
the People, that fills them with apprehensions. Our
great object should be to re-establish a sound cur-
rency, and thereby to restore the exchanges, and re-
vive the business of the country.
The first impression which the measures brought
forward by the Administration make is, that they
consist of temporary expedients, looking to the sup-
ply of the necessities of the Treasury ; or, so far
as any of them possess a permanent character, its
tendency is rather to aggravate than alleviate the
sufferings of the People. None of them proposes
to rectify the disorders in the actual currency of the
country; but the People, the States, and their banks,
are left to shift for themselves as they may or can.
The Administration, after having intervened be-
tween the States and their banks, and taken them
into the Federal service, without t'ae consent of the
States; after having puffed and praised them ; after
having brought them, or contributed to bring them,
into their present situation, now suddenly turns its
back upon them, leaving them to their fate ! It is
not content with that; it must absolutely discredit
their issues. And the very People who were told
by the Administration that these banks would sup-
ply them with a better currency, are now left to
struggle as they can with the very currency which
the Government recommended to them, but which
it now refuses itself to receive !
The professed object of the Administration is to
establish what it terms the currency of the Consti-
tution, which it proposes to accomplish by restrict-
ing the Federal Government, in all receipts and
payments, to the exclusive use of specie, and byre-
fusing all bank paper, whether convertible or not.
It disclaims all purposes of crippling or putting
down the banks of the States ; but we shall better
determine the design or the effect of the measures
recommended by considering them together, as one
system.
1.  The first is the sub-Treasuries, which are to
be made the depositories of all the specie collected
and paid out for the service of the General Govern-
ment, discrediting and refusing all the notes of the
States, although payable and paid in specie.
2.  A bankrupt law for the United States, levelled
at all the State banks, and authorizing the seizure
of the effects of any of them that stop payment, and
the administration of their effects under the Federal
authority exclusively.
3.  A particular law for the District of Columbia,
by which all the Corporations and People of the
District, under severe pains and penalties, are pro-
hibited from circulating, sixty days after the passage
of the law, any paper whatever not convertible into
specie on demand, and are made liable to prosecu-
tion by indictment.
4.  And lastly, the bill to suspend the payment of
the fourth instalment to the States, by the provisions
of which the deposite banks indebted to the Govern-
ment are placed at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
It is impossible to consider this system without
perceiving that it is aimed at, and, if carried out,
must terminate in, the total subversion of trie State
banks ; and that they will be all placed at the
mercy of the Federal Government. It is in vain
to protest that there exists no design against them.
The effect of these measures cannot be misunder-
stood.
And why this new experiment or untried expedi-
ent 1 The People of this country are tired of ex-
periments. Ought not the Administration itself to
cease with them 1 Ought it not to take warning
from the events of recent elections'? Above all,
should not the Senate, constituted as it now is, be
the last body to lend itself to further experiments
upon the business and happiness of this great Peo-
ple 1 According to the latest expression of public
opinion in the several States, the Senate is no longer
a true exponent of the will of the States or of the
People. If it were, there would be thirty-two or
thirty-four Whigs to eighteen or twenty friends of
the Administration.
Is it desirable to banish a convertible psper me-
dmm, and to substitute the precious metáis as,the
sole currency to be used in all the vast extent of
varied business of this entire country? I think not.
The quantity of precious metals in the world, look- 
ing to our fair distributive share of them, is wholly
insufficient. A convertible paper is a great time-
saving and labor-saving instrument, independent of
its superior advantages in transfers and remittances.
A friend, no longer ago thati yesterday, informed
me of a single bank whose payments and receipts
in one day amounted to two millions of dollars.
What time would not have been necessary to count
such a vast sum t The payments, in the circle of
a year, in the city of New York, were estimated
several years ago at fifteen hundred millions. How
many men and how many days would be necessary
to count such a sum ? A young, growing, and en-
terprising People, like those of the United States,
more than any other, need the we of those credits
which are incident to a sound paper system. Credit
is the friend of indigent merit. Of all nations,
Great Britain has most freely used the credit
system; and of all she is the most prosperous.
We must cease to be a commercial People; we
must separate, divorce ourselves from the com-
mercial world, and throw ourselves back for centu-
ries, if we restrict our business to the exclusive use
of specie.
It is objected against a convertible papar system,
that it is liable to expansions and contractions; and
that the consequence is the rise and fall of prices,
and sudden fortunes or sudden ruin. But it is the
importation or exportation of specie, which forms
the basis of paper, that occasions these fluctuations.
If specie alone were the medium of circulation, tho
same importation or exportation of it would make
it plenty or scarce, and affect prices in the same
manner. The nominal or apparent priees might
vary in figures, but the sensation upon the commu-
nity would be as great in the one case as in the
other. These alternations do not result, therefore,
from the nature of the medium, whether that be
specie exclusively, or paper convertible into specie,
but from the operations of commerce. It is commerce,
at last, that is chargeable with expansions and con-
tractions ; and against commerce, and not its instru-
ment, should opposition be ditected.
I have heard it urged by the Senator from South
Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) with no little surprise, in
the course of this debate, that a convertible paper
would not answer for a currency, but that the true
standard of value was to be found in a paper me-
dium not convertible into the precious metals. If
there be, in regard to currency, one truth which the '
united experience of the whole commercial world
had established, I had supposed it to be that emis-
sions of pure paper money constituted the very
worst of all conceivable species of currency. The
objections to it are: First, that it is impracticable to
ascertain, a priori, what amount can be issued with-
out depreciation; and, secondly, that there is no ad-
equate security, and, in the nature of things, none
can exist, against excessive issues The paper mo-
ney of North Carolina, to which the Senator refer-
red according to the information which I have re-
ceived, did depreciate. It was called Proa, an ab-
breviation of the authority under which it was put
forth, and it took one and a half and sometimes two
dollars of proc. to purchase one in specie. But if
any one desires to understand perfectly the opera-
tion of a purely paper currency, let him study the
history of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. It was established about 15 or 16 years
ago, with the consent of the majority of the people
of that State. It is winding up and closing iis ca-
reer, with the almost unanimous approbation of the
whole people. It had an authority to issue, and
did issue, notes to the amount of about two millions
of dollars. These notes, upon their face, purport-
ed an obligation of the bank to pay the holder, on
demand, the amount in specie; but it was well
known that they would not be so paid. As a se-
curity for their ultimate payment, there were, 1st,
the notes of individuals supposed to be well secured,
every note put out by the bank being represented
by an individual note discounted.   2d. The funds
