184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept 1837.
fc£5th CoNG....lst Suss.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
pie and of the States in iaror of such an institution.
If there be one wanted, and an unequivocal mani-
festation be made of the popular will that it is de-
•sired, a bank will be established. The President's
opposition to it is founded principally upon the pre-
sumed opposition of the People. Let them demon-
strate that he is mistaken, and he will not separate
himself from them. He is too good a democrat,
and the tenor of his whole life shows that, whatever
other divorces he may recommend, the last that he
would desire would be one between him and the
People. Should this not prove to be the case, and
if a majority should no! exist sufficiently large to
pass a bank charter in spite of the veto, the ultimate
remedy will remain to the People to change their
rulers, if their rnlers will not change their opinions.
But, during this debate, it has been contended
that the establishment of a new Bank of the United
States would aggravate existing distresses; and that
the specie necessary to put it in operation could not
be obtained without prejudice to the local banks.
What is the relief for which all hearts are now
so anxiously throbbing'! It is toputthe banks again
in motion; to restore exchanges, and revive, the
drooping business of the country. And what are
the obstacles 1 They are, first, the foreign debt, and,
secondly, a want of confidence. If the banks were
to reopen their vaults, it is apprehended that the
specie would immediately be exported to Europe to
discharge the foreign debt Now, if a Bank of the
United Slates were established, with a suitable cap-
ital, the stock of that bank itself would form one of
the best subjects of remittance; and an amount of
it equal to what remains of the foreign debt would
probably be remitted, retaining at home or drawing
from abroad the equivalent in specie.
A great, if not the greatest existing evil is the
want of confidence, not merely in the Government,
but in the distant banks, and between the banks
themselves. There is in tie or connexion binding
them together, and (hoy arc often suspicious of each
other. To this want <:f confidence among the
banks themselves, is to be ascribed that extiaordi-
nary derangement in the exchanges of the country.
How otherwise can we account for the fact that the
paper of the banks of Mississippi cannot now be
exchanged against the paper of the bank's of Loui-
siana, without a discount m the former of len or fif-
teen per cent.; nor that of the banks of Nashville,
without a discount of eight or ten per cent, against
the paper of the banks of the adjoining State of
Kentucky^ It is manifest thai, whatever may be
the medium of circulation, whether it be inconverti-
ble paper and specie, s'ipposing confidence to exist,
the rales of exchange in 'vth cases ought to be
neaily the sanie, I!ii', jn times like these," no hank
will allow its funds toaceumiiliiii", by Ihe operations
of exchange, at points uiie, ■ no pic'scut use can be
made of them.
Now, if a Bank of the limu-d States « ere esta-
blished, with a proper capital, and it were made the
sole depository of the public moneys, and iis notes
were receivable in all Government dues, it might
commence operations forthwith, with a small
amount of specie, perhaps nor more than two mil-
lions. That stun would probably he drawn from
ihe community, where it is now'hoarded and dor-
mant , or if it were la ken even from the local banks,
they would be more than compensated in the secu-
rity which they would enjoy, bv the remittance of
the stock of the new bank to Europe, ns a substitute
for their specie.
Such a new bank, once commencing business,
would form a rallying point; confidence would re-
vive, exchanges be again regulated, and the business
and prospeuiy of Ihe country be spoidtlv restored.
And it is by no means certain that there would be
any aciual augmentation of the brnking capital of
the country, for it is highly piobahje that the aggre-
gate amount of unsound banks, which can never
resume specie payments, would be quite equal to
that of the new bank.
An auxiliary resolution might be adopted with
salutary effect, similar to that "which was adopted
in 1816, offering to the State banks, as a motive to
resume specie payments, that their paper should be
leceived for the public dues; or, as their number
has since that period greatly increased, to make the
motive more operative, the oifer might be confined
to one or two banks in each State known to be trust-
worthy. Let them and a Bank of the tinned States
commence specie payments, and all the other
sound banks would be constrained, by the united
force of public opinion and the law, to follow the
example.
If, in contrasting the two periods of 1817 and
1837, some advantages for the resumption of specie
payments existed at the former epoch, others, which
distinguish the present, greatly preponderate. At
the first, there were none, except the existence of a
public debt, and a smaller number of banks. But
then an exhausting war had wasted our means.
Now we have infinitely greater wealth; our re-
sources are vastly more developed and increased;
our population nearly doubled; our knowledge of
the disease much better; and, what is of the utmost
importance, a remedy, if applied now, would be
administered in a much earlier stage of the dis-
order.
A gsneral currency, of sound and uniform value,
is necessary to the well-being of all paits of the
confederacy; but it is indispensable to the interior
States. The seaboard States have each of them
banks, whose paper freely circulates within their
respective limits, and serves all the purposes of
their business and commerce at their capitals, and
throughout their whole extent. The variations, in
the value of this paper, in passing through those
States, from one commercial metropolis to another,
are not ordinarily very great. But how are we, of
the interior, to come to the Atlantic cities to pur-
chase our supplies of foreign and domestic com-
modities, without a general medium 1 The paper
of our own banks will not be received but at a ru-
inous discount. We want a general currency,
which will serve at home, and enable us to carry
on our accustomed trade with our brethren of the
Atlantic States. And such a currency we have a
right to expect.
I do not arrogate to myself a right to speak for
and in behalf of all the western States; but as a
Senator from one of them, I am entitled to be heard.
This Union was formed to secure certain general,
but highly important, objects, of which the common
defence, commerce, and a uniform currency; were
leading ones. To the interior States, none is of
more importance than that of currency. Nowhere
is the attachment lo the Union more ardent than in
those States; but if this Govarnment should neg-
lect to perform its duty, the value of the Union will
become impaired, and its very existence, m process
of time, may become endangered. I do believe,
that, between a sound general currency, and the
preservation of the Union itself, in full vigor and
perfect safety, there is the most intimate connexion.
If, Mr President, the remedies which I have
suggested were successful, at a former period of
our history, there is every reason to hope that they
would again prove efficacious; but let me suppose
that they should not, and that some unknown cause,
which could not then, should now, thwart their op-
eration, we should have, in any event, the consola-
tion of knowing that we had endeavored to profit
by the lessons of experience, and if they failed, we
should stand acquitted m the judgment of the Peo-
ple. They are heartily tired of visionary schemes
and wild experiments. They wish to get out of the
woods, into which they have been conducted, back
to the plain, beaten, wide road, which they had be-
fore trodden.
How, and when, without such measures as I
have suggested, are the State banks to resume
specie payments ! They never can resume with-
out concert, and concert springs from confidence ;
and confidence fiom knowledge. But what knowl-
edge can eight hundred banks, scattered over our
vast territory, have of the actual condition of each
other ? It is m vain that statements of it be peri-
odically published. It depends, at last, mainly
npon the solvency of the debtors to the bank; and
how, whenever their names are not known, can
that be ascertained?
Instead of coming lo the aid of these prostrate
institutions, and assisting them by a mild and pa-
rental exeicise of your power, m a mode sanctioned
and approved by experience, you propose to aban-
don them and the country to their fate. Yon pro-
pose worse- to discredit their paper; to distrust
them even as special depositories; and to de-
nounce against them all the pains and penalties of
bankruptcy.
How, and when, will they resume specie pay-
ments '! Never, as far as my information extends,
have exertions been greater" than those which the'
banks have generally made to open again their
vaults. It is wonderful that the community should
have been able to bear, with so much composure
and resignation, the prodigious curtailments which
have been made. Confidence re-established, the
foreign debt extinguished, and a national institution
created, most of them could quickly resume specie
payments. Some of them, urged by a high sense
of probity, and smarting under severe reproaches,
will no doubt make the experiment of resuming
and continuing payment in specie. They may
even go on a while; but without the co-operation
of the State banks generally, and without the co-
operation of a national bank, it is to be apprehend-
ed that they will be again seized with a paralysis.
It is my deliberate conviction, that the preservation
of the existence of the State banks themselves, de-
pends upon the institution of a national bank. It
is as necessary to them as the Union is to the wel-
fare of the States m our political system. Without
it, no human being can foresee when we shall
emerge from the difficulties which surround us.
It has been my fortune several times to see the
country involved in great danger; but never before
have I beheld it encompassed with any more men-
acing and portentous.
Entertaining the views which 1 have presented,
it may be asked why I do not at once propose the
establishment of a national bank. I have already
adverted to the cause. Constituted as Congress
now is, I know that such a proposition would be
defeated; and that it would be therefore useless to
make it. I do not desire to force upon the Senate,
or upon the country, against its will, if I could, my
opiaion, however sincerely and strongly entertain-
ed. If a national bank be established, its stability
and its utility will depend upon the general con-
viction which is felt of its necessity. And until
such a conviction is deeply impressed upon the
People, and clearly manifested by them, it would,
in my judgment, be unwise even to propose a bank.
01 the scheme of the Senator from Virginia,
(Mr. Rives,) I think now as 1 thought in 1834. I
do not believe that any practicable connexion of
State banks can supply a general currency, be a
safe depository of the public moneys, or act efficient-
ly as a fiscal agent of the General Government.
1 was not then opposed to the State banks in their
proper sphere. 1 thought that they could not be
relied upon to form exclusively a banking system
for the country, although they were essential parts
of a general system.
The amendment of the Senator, considered as a
measure to bring about the resumption of specie
payments so much desired, I think must fail. The
motive which it holds out of the receivability, in
all payments to the Government, of the paper of
such banks as may resume by a given day, coupled
with the conditions proposed, is wholly inadequate.
It is an offer to eight hundred banks; and the rev-
enue, payment of which, in their notes, is held out
as the inducement, amounts to some twenty or
twenty-five millions. To entitle them to the incon-
siderable extension of their circulation, which
would result from the credit given by Government
to the paper of all of them, they are required to sub-
mit to a supjiression of all notes below five dollars
and, at no very distant period, to all below twenty.
The enlargement of their circulation, produced by
making it receivable by Government, would" be
much less than the contraction which would arise
from the suppression of the prohibited notes. Be-
sides, if the quality proposed again to be attached
to the notes of these local banks was insufficient
to prevent the suspension, how can it be effica-
cious enough to stimulate a resumption of specie
payments ?
I shall, nevertheless, if called upon to give a vote
between the project of the Administration and the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia, vote for
the latter, because it is harmless, if it effects no
good, and looks to the preservation of the State
banks ; whilst the other is fraught with mischiefs,
as I believe, and tends, if it be not designed, to the
utter destruction of those institutions. But, prefer-
ring to either the postponement moved by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, I shall, in the first instance, vote
for that.
Such, Mr. President, are the views which I en-
tertain on the present state of our public affairs. It
is with the deepest regret lhat I can perceive no
remedy, but such as is in the hands of the People
themselves. Whenever they shall impress upon
Congress a conviction of that which they wish ap-
plied, they will obtain it, and not before. In the
mean time, let us go home, and mix with and con-
sult our constituents. And do not, I entreat you,
let us carry with us the burning reproach, that our
measures iiere display a selfish solicitude for the
Government itself, but a cold and heartless insensi-
bility to the sufferings of a bleeding people.
