Sept 1837,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
25th Cong...1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. King.
Senate.
SPEECH OF MR. KIÍNG,
Of Georgia.
[As reported in the National Intelligenrer ]
In Senate, September 23, 1837-^On the bill imposing
additional  duties,   as   depositaries, in   certain
cases, on public officers.
Mr. KING said that he had not intended to ad-
dress the Senate on the subject before it until yes-
terday evening. He had great difficulty in making
up his mind between the projects urged by different
gentlemen, and, as he was not satisfied with either
of them, he had thought it best to postpone the sub-
ject till the regular session, and offer some re-
marks in explanation of his reasons for doing so.
Two plans where (he said) urged upon the Se-
nate; one reported by the Committee on Finance,
as proposed to be amended by the Senator fiom
South Carolina, the other the State bank system,
which had already been tried, and failed.
As to the last, various apologies had been made
here and elsewhere, for its failure, and it had been
insisted that it had not had a fair trial, and, there-
fore, could not be said  properly to have failed.
The most able and ingenious advocates and apolo-
gists of this system  that he had heard were  lus
friends from Virginia and New York.    If they had
not succeeded in convincing the Senate that the
system should be re-adopted, (with  the modifica-
tions proposed,) conviction might be considered as
hopeless.    He certainly agreed with them, that the
system had no^had a fair trial.    The pets had cer-
tainly had a hard time of it under thetr Executive
patron; but he had never had confidence in them
from the beginning, and, m truth, the system had
never succeeded for one moment.    The history of
the world furnished no instance in which an admi-
nistrative  measure,  so  vitally interesting to  the
whole community, had been so long sustained by
a system of mere  assumption, deception, and puf-
fing.    Business men were rarely deceived by these
means; but a large portion of the people were les«
informed, and believed the statements which were
from time to time imposed upon them.    Why,
(said Mr. K.) I lately saw in one of the numerous
apologetic- essays on this subject, (even  when the
exchanges had got into such confusion as to render
it impossible to deceive any body,) that the system
had been one of the most beautiful m its operation
ever devised by the wisdom of man    The author
regretted very much that he was not entitled to any
share of the  honor of having first conceived it;
which honor was all due to  the great financial
Wisdom of the ex-President.    The fruits of this
mighty conception had, however, been blasted by
the stupidity of Congress, who had passed, contra-
ry t o the known will of the Bxecntive, the obnoxious
measure for  the   distributive  deposite  with   the
Slates in June, 1836.   A beautiful system, truly,
for the adrmmnistration of the public finances, that
should wither at a hint that   we should want a
portion of the public treasure in quarterly instal-
ments; the first becoming due  more than six  month's
ahead.   But, (said Mr. IC.) unfortunately, this bill
was passed rather too late to afford even a pretext
to the advocates of the late President's experiment.
I state to the Senate as a fact coming within my
own knowledge, that before the distribution bill was
poised or talked of, the president of a southern insti-
tution passed through this city, with a large amount
of specie in  his possession, on his  way to New
York, there to purchase southern and southwestern
exchanges.    The same operation had been made
by others.    Was such an operation ever made or
dre&mcd of during the existence of the Bank of
the  United  States  before the   withdrawal of  Us
branches'*   A beautiful system oí exchanges, this,
which would lead men a thousand miles from home
to sha^ve the commercial paper of their neighbors
Here aie the evidences  of the fulfilment of the
promises, that the experiment would give us a bet-
ter currency, safer depositories, and a "cheaper' sj s-
terr of exchanges      The  local banks,  whilst the
deposites in their vaults  were large, the currency
expanding, and speculation furnishing demands
for money every   where  and credits every where,
afforded exchanges tolerably well between the most
commercial points, but  the moment these causes
ceased to operate, and the branches of the United
States Bank-were withdiawn, the  exchanges fell
into the utmost confusion, and eveiy pretension af-
ter this that they were furnishing exchanges as
cheaply "as the United States Bank ever did,"
has been mere assumption, and not calculated to
deceive any business man mthe community. Sir,
(said he,) I have gone to the very counters of these
banks and asked for exchange at the published
rates. The answer generally was, that, "if they
were drawing," they would sell at the published
prices, but they rarely had any to sell
Now, sir, what kind of a profit do you suppose
could have induced the strange operation I have
described1 I have been informed it frequently
amounts to 15 and 17 per cent sometimes less, but
always enormous. The operation, if I understand
it, was this. A bill was purchased in New York on
the debtor of the drawer in the South or West, or
Southwest, at a discount of from 4 to 6 per cent,
and perhaps sometimes higher. If the bill were
paid, the purchaser (being established between the
drawer and drawee) again sold a bill drawn on the
fund, and charged a premium; for these great regula-
tors were in the habit of shaving m every direction
They would buy southern funds at a heavy dis-
count, and sell a bill on it at a heavy premium.
This was the operation if the bill were pai 1, but if
the bill were dishonored, as fiequently happened
before, and nearly always after the adoption of the
specie circular, the bill went back upon the New
York drawer with an accumulation of charges, and
5 per cent, damages for the dishonor. The drawer
had it to pay, though he had suffered a heavy lo>s
on the discount. This payment of bill and damages
furnished the drawer with a northern fund, on
which he could again draw at a premium of 5 per
cent. Thus the Senate will see the enormous pro-
fit that was often made by the discount of a single
bill.
It was from exchanges, added to other profits,
Mr. King said, that accounted for the enormous
profits and heavy dividends that had been made by
some of the banks, some of which he mentioned
to have been prodigious within fourteen months
proceeding the 1st of March, 1837. Where did
these enormous profits come from, and who ulti-
mately paid them1 Why, they were shaved from
the hard earnings of the industrious classes, being
clearly a tax on the circulation of the products of
labor.
Mr. K. said he would not detain the Senate by
going fully into the capabilities of the State bank
system to perform the services promised by it. He
stood upon firm ground on this subject. His friends
could not charge him with change or inconsistency
in this matter, and, as was well known, he had
generally predicted, step by step, the consequences
that would follow from the financial experiments
that had afflicted the country, beginning with that
unfortunate and unnecessary measure, the removal
of the deposites m 1834 It would be seen that he
had no strong predilection for the State bank depo-
site sjstem, though he admitted that it migh  have
done, and sttll could do, much better than hpreto-
fore, if the Executive would consent to let it alone,
and cease the continual mteiferences by which the
banks have been tormented, and the commerce of
the country deranged, ever since the Executive had
taken the control of the finances.
Mr K. then proceeded to notice the plan of the
committee as proposed to be amended This he
looked upon as a new expenment, though it had
been alleged to be otherwise by the Senj tor from
Missouri. Tfee Senator insisted that we were
ahead of our destiny, and ought to go back to the
gloi ious da>s of the Roman empire to learn lessons
on finance and political economj. This plan was
strongly recommended as having been that under
which the Roman quaestors made their mild exac-
tions from the people. It was also recommended
most warmly by the Senator, because it was thit
under which the war leues of Napoleon weie
made, and the finances of Spam and Tuikey col
lected and dsbmscd. Upon the first recommenda-
tion, the Senator had given us a most eloquent dis-
course upon Roman hgtoism, bloody battles, and
the levies of the quaestors. He had spoken of the
great pleasure with which he read Roman history
on these subjects, and the delight with which he
contemplated  the icnoun ol  this  gieat  people
Well, Mr K. said he had read some Roman history
too, though certainly not as good ahistouan as his
friend from Missouri. But if any thing m Roman
history had made a strong impression upon his re-
publican mini, it was the heaitless cruelty, the
unfeeling rigor, and pitiless tyranny with which
exactions were made upon the people by the Ro-
man quaestor^; and, unfortunately for the Senator's
Roman precedent, when these exactions had been
made by plundering the Roman people and pro-
vinces to support heroism in the trade of conquer-
ing and plundering the rest of mankind, these exac-
tions were deposited with Roman banker s appointed for
the put pose
As the Roman precedent was not found exactly
satisfactory to Mr. K. he puceeded to notice the
system so warmly recommended as the plan of that
great democrat and ardent lover of liberty and free
institutions, the Emperor Napoleon. His friend
from Missouri had stated that when the Emperor
mounted the throne ot power, he found the State
coffers empty, or nearly so, but in a short time they
were filled to overflowm?. Thereupon the Senator
produced a book, or a document, to prove the im-
portant fact The fact was not doubted; but how
were these wonders of finance accomplished' Let
his impoverished country, and the blood and tears
of unhappy Germany, answer the question How-
ever, perhaps the fmaacieiing of this great econo-
mist was strongly recommended from the fact that
the largest and most timely accession to his finances
was made by the robbery of a bank; and that, too, a
bank belonging to one of the freest and most com-
mercial cities of Europe.*
Mr K. «aid he saw nothing in these imperial
precedents, ancient or modern, very applicable or
very captivating; and as he saw nothing in the
happy and prosperous condition of the people of
those free and commpreial nations, Tuikey and
Spam, to excite his envy, he w ould rather consider
this as a new and untried experiment, and digest it
a little better before it was adopted. Mr K. added,
that the system was already m operation, as the
changes proposed did not alter essentially the spe-
cie system adopted by the Executive since the sus-
pension of specie payments The postponement
would give us a little more time to observe the
workings of the system, and ascertam the wishes
of the people. He was glad to see the finances re-
stored to Congress, their lawful guardian, on al-
most any terms, but really they were in such a
worthless and ragged condition, from Executive
manipulation, that it was difficult to say what dis-
position had better be made of them.
Mr K said he doubled whether he oiigh' to de-
tain the Senate to say any thing upon the cuses of
the present distress, which had < ailed Congress
together. As this subject had been dwelt upoR,
however, by every speaker who had preceded him,
and was certainly of great importance to the coun-
try , it was perhrps the duty of every member to
give his \ieus upon the subject The subject, said
he, is too impoitant to be trifled with. It comes to
the doors and dwelling1!, and reaches the bread and
bu mess, of eve' v citizen, of every condition ; and
Ishill give mv v cws, houe\ei unwilhngH , unm-
iluencd bj all per onil friendships and party asso-
ciations Unless v e asceitam the causes which
haie 'o stiangelv trought the countrj into Us pre-
sent distressed condit'on, in a time of profound
peace, «e shall neither know how to applv present
lemedies noi avoid similar evils ill future
Mr K then said he nad not the sligh'est doubt
that our difficulties Were owing entirely to the un-
fortunate poLcy and \ iolent meisur^s of the Exee-
utne m relation to th° finances foi seieral yeais
past. This w as the onl\ c ause, and this was abun-
dantly sufficient Mr K said he could prove this
to anv one who would n i* shut his ejes to facts,
and close h s understanding against correct mfor-
raition on th<* subject He bad felt and expressed
h s astonishment when he first reíd ¡he President's
Message, at the statements of the President in rela-
tion to these canses, and he had b en equally
astonished at hearing his fiiends from Connecticut
and North Carolina adopt these statements, and
tale them as admitted truths    The President was
* Hamburg
