Sept- 1837.___________ APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.         _________     V
25th Cong......1st Sess.                               Making public officers depositories—Mr. King.                                                          Senat
and bankers to engage in. . John Bull will probably
lose twenty-five or thirty millions by it!
But, (continned Mr. K.) we are told of frequent
convulsions before. Unfortunate references, Mr.
K. thought, for those who made them. What were
they when compared to the present? That of 1819
arose from too hasty an effort to restore the confu-
sion into which the finances had fallen under
the State banks; that of 1825 was known to have
been brought upon us by England; and was short
in duration and comparatively trifling in conse-
quence; and what was that of 1832, that is so much
harped upon on'? Why, but for the diligence of
gentlemen in looking up evidences of these great
revulsions, they wouH not have been known or
recollected out of the seaports, and hardly there.
He recollected some short paragraphs in 1832, al-
luding rather timidly to the " rattling of specie in
Wall street;" this continued a few days; about five
millions were shipped; the Bank of the United
States drew bills for about an equal amount; the
foreign creditor was satisfied, and the panic ended.
We had then no Executive financiering, no specie
circulars; trade was left in the hands of its lawful
guardians; specie went off when the rate of exchange
required it; and by theprompt payment of five millions,
the Bank of the United States got the nation a credit for
the balance, which was paid by the crop and a dimi-
nished import.
Yet such had been the nature of the warfare
against the bank whilst in life, and now against its
ghost, that his friend from Connecticut, in the next
breath after having praised the circular, made a
furious attack upon the bank, for interfering with
the laws of trade in 1832, and preventing the export of
specie to the whole amount of the foreign debt. How
this argument was to be reconciled with the specie
circular and the whole "policy" and arguments
by which it has been lauded and justified, Mr. K.
would leave to the Senator and the friends of that
measure to settle among themselves. This charge
against the bank, he thought, carried the true doc-
trine to the opposite extreme. A demand for a
cash balance aiways.admonisb.es the nation that it
has over-traded; and unless it has the whole amount
to spare, it is frequently an advantage lo pay a
part, and have time to adjust the balance. He
thought then the bank had done well in 1832
to pay what was required in specie, and get the
nation credit for the balance until the crop of ex-
ports could be sold. It was frequently of advan-
tage to an individual, he said, when he had become
unexpectedly indebted, to pay what ready money he
had, and get credit for the balance until the sale
of his crop; and one advantage of a national in-
stitution was, that its credit always enabled it in
such circumstance to get indulgence for the nation,
as a friend was sometimes useful in getting credit
for an individual. Sir, said he, the fate of this
institution was most extraordinary. If Mr. Eiddle
expanded, he was bribing the country : if he
«ontracted, he was ruining the country: if he im-
proted specie, he was speculating upon the country:
if he exported specie, he was conspiring against
i the country: if he stood up, he was impudent: if
he sit down he was suspicious: if he lay down, he
was uselsss: and whenever he made a move,
whethether he crossed above or belcw the Execu-
tive, he equally muddied the waters.
He thought the Senator from Connecticut had
made another mistake in stating that the expansion
of the  bank occasioned the speculative rise in
prices, and our importations of 1831.   The over-
1 importation preceled the expansion, and the expan-
I sion was avowedly intended to circulate the iu-
| crease of commodities occasioned by the over-
! importation.    The  speculative   rise,   and  over-
importation  of 1831, were owing to   a cause as
natural as the ebb and flow of the tides, and al-
most as periodical.   They arose from the prece-
ding low prices, which had stimulated consump-
tion, and exhausted, the stocks in  1830.   These
fluctuations are always going on in every nation
to some extent, and arise from the impossibility of
keeping up, in the extended business of a nation,
an exact relation between supply and demand.
,    Mr. K. said the United Slates Bank, though no
J longer in existence, had been the  theme of every
fentleman who had addressed the Senate.   He
should say no more of it than was necessary to
justify and defend himself, and the numerous
friends of the Administration who had believed in
the utility of that institution. His defence was
fully justified, for, although that institution was es-
tablished by the democratic party, every friend of it
is placed, in sweeping denunciations, among aristo-
crats, rogues, and conspirators; ranked with the
"Biddies and the Barings, and the banks," and set
upon in full cry by dunces and demagogues, anx-
ious only to turn attention from their own mis-
chievous blunders and errors.
When he came to maturity, he said he found
the Bank of the United States in successful and
happy operation. He learned its history, and
found that it was established by the party to which
he had always been attached, with the immortal
Madison at their head; who, after fatal experience,
had changed his opinion on the subject. This
paternity recommended it, but reflection as well as
experience convinced him of its great utility as a
financial agent to the Government, as an aid to in-
ternal and external commerce, and a wholesome
regulator of an otherwise unregulated paper sys-
tem. As an original question, he was and ever had
been opposed to the whole paper system, but the
system certainly had many advantages in a free
country, and, moreover, was fixed upon us, and no
one generation either could or would bear the sa-
crifices it would cost to ged rid of it. And (added
he) the progress we should make in getting rid of
the system and its abuses, by putting down the
Bank of the United States, was predicted by me in
the Senate in 1834. Sir, the great Temperance
President, or temperance reformer, Mr. Delavan,
who sends us so many temperance papers, might just
as well have undertaken to encourage the cau«e of
temperance in which he is engaged, by breaking
up one respectable grocery in Ciiesnut street,
that he might raise up 500 grog shops in the
Liberties, the villages, and the western wilderness.
He thought it the part of wisdom not to waste itself
on impracticable extremes, but to secure the bles-
sings of the system, and avoid as many of its evils
as possible. This he thought was best effected by
a national bank, with the aid of the Treasury.
The vast extent of our country gave fuli time to
such an institution to lop off redundancies and fill
up deficienccs on notice of an irregularity in the
currency m any particular sections before the ef-
fect became general. It was clearly the interest of
such an institution to perform the-e duties faithful-
ly. Its own successful operation in a great mea-
sure depended on it; which was the best guaranty
to the public that they would be so performed. He
also believed that the money of the nation could be
entrusted to no agency so little dangerous to liber-
ty, or so unlikely to use it for political purposes.
Experience proved the truth of this opinion. We
had again the best of all security—-that is, the se-
curity of intci est. To engage in politics, or unite it-
self with a political party, is death to the institution.
What evidence had been shown, or could be
shown, that the bank ever hinted an interference
with politics, until itsupposed the Executive to make
an overture for that purpose? In 1829 the Execu-
tive commenced a correspondence with the bank to
procure a change in the President of the New
Hampshire branch. He did not say that any thing
improper was intended by the Executive, but it was
the first interference of the kind, and the bank sup-
posed it to be an attempt to enlist it in politics, and
unite the power of the bank with the powpr of the
Government. It declined on the grcund that the
bank never had, and could not now, think of in-
terfering in the politics of the country. The rest is
known. The Message folloved with a charge of
what nobodv had ever heard of before, and recom-
mending a Treasury bank, uniting the power and
patronage of a bank to that of the Government.
From that time forth the Executive continued to
straggle for the money power until it took posses-
sion of it in 1833, by the removal of the deposites.
I only mention these facts, sir, to prove the great
reluctance with which such an institution will
always engage in politics. Its interest requires the
custom and friendship of both political parties, and
it can not prosper against a war by either. The
money power of the Treasury is great, let it be
lodged where it will; but, for the reasons statec
believe it is less in a national bank, connected u
and dependent on the business of the country, thdn
any other. There was no danger of the politi*
influence of a bank, if the Executive would le
alone. Some admitted that the bank had been i
properly attacked, but that, being attacked, it h
over-issued and otherwise mismanaged in its sta
gles for a recharter. This might be true lo sol
extent, but, if so, it is more an objection to the <
rection than the institution, and might be prevent
by a simple provision in the charter, which the (
charter ought to have contained.
Sir, these are the opinions I have always enti
tained, and were the opinions of my thencolleagi
when I came into the Senate. They were kne
to our constituents. But as this was a matter
expediency, on which they had a right to judj
they expected to be, and shall be, represented; a
their wishes, when I last heard from them, w<
against a national bank. In fact, although I 1
lieve it unfortunate that the old bank was destroy!
the question of establishing a new one, at this tin
is a very different question. Under our anti-ba¡
administration, the bank capital has been mu
more than doubled in a few years. Is it expedie
to add to it? If so, the practicability of controlli
it by a national bank of permissible size, and t
manner of doing it, are important questions. T
present rate of exchange, too, would render it d
ficult to procure specie for the institution, ai
create a demand for it, that would, for the presei
add to the distress. There were some other re
sons that had been referred to, but which he woi
not, at this time, notice.
But, we are gravely told, sir, that the "Bank
the United States, with its still greater streng
has not been able to prevent, the present state
affairs ; that it ' has not been able to check otl
institutions, or save itself.'" This reference
the bank would have done very well for a par
newspaper; but I must confess I was somewb
astonished to find it in a Message of the Preside
of the United States. Can it be supposed that t
most ignorant can be deceived by this catch at
mere name ? Whoever thought of holding t
Bank of the United States responsible for the ct
rency, or as a financial regulator, after the wit
drawal of its branches, or even after the remov
of the deposites? What obligation was it und
to the public, after the public had taken away t
deposites and dispensed with its services? Was
under any very strong obligation, if it had t
power, to aid the Executive in an experiment ma
at its expense, and intended for its destruction"?
should think not; and to hold a Slate bank respo
sible, because it is called " the Bank of the Unit 
States," is absolutely ridiculous. It has fallen in
line with the multitude of State banks creat(
under the late administration. It has supportedh
" policy" by importing specie on credit, that
might hatch more paper upon it. It has gloried
the contusion of the exchanges, by which it hi
made millions. In short, like the rest of the Sta
banks, it has gone for making money; it has join*
its fortunes with the State banks; it has borrowi
specie like the State hanky; has expanded with t]
State banks; has shaved wnh the State banks; h
failed with the State banks, and is a State ban
and yet it is held responsible to the country as
national bank. Sir, it is no more a United Slat
Bank, and not so much, as the little Bnrlingt 
bank, which produced such a happy effect with
modicum of the spoils sent to it, and pressingly se
for more to operate on the elections, " xn anticip
tion of the wool clip." There is a United Stat
Bank for ye, esiablibhed by the Executive to prevent tl
public money from being employed to operate on tl
politics of the country!
Why, then, these valiant charges upon a ghosi
this war upon a sign; these tilts upon a tombstone
They a e about as useful, and about as rational, i
the charges of the redoubtable Don Q.utxolte upo
the wmdü'.ills.
In connection with these perpetual   efforts
frighten us with ghosts and " things that are not,
Mr. K. said he had never had his democratic fee
ings so shocked as they h;d been by a semimei
of the Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Calhour
