Oct. 1837.___________   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,____________        %W
25th Co!fG....lst Sess.                            Making public officers depositories—Mr. Bayard.                                                   Senate.
and which experience would seem to indicate to be
about one*third.
Now, sir, I propose to show that, whether the
object be to increase the ratio of the mixture of
com in the whole circulation as it existed on the
1st of December last, or to provide an exclusive
metallic currency, the measures now proposed by
the bill before us will not only not promote that
object, but defeat it altogether To do this, it is
only necessary to advert to a few simple principles,
which are established laws of currency. The pur-
pose of a currency being to effect the aggregate
payments of the nation, a given amount m value,
less than the amount of those payments, but having
a proportionate relation to them, is necessary for
that purpose. It is also true that gold and silver
are the standards of value over the whole world,
and are, at the same time, objects of commerce
and materials of currency. From these facts
results a law of mixed currency, that paper will
expel the com unless it be restrained in its nu-
merical amount and denomination. Of this fact
abundant evidence may be found m the history of
every civilized nation. But, sir, I will not trouble
the Senate by referring to the elementary writers
as authorities upon that point. I shall content
myself with authorities nearer home I mean to
forage in the enemy's country, and I will cite
one, which I presume will be satisfactory, not
only to the Senator from Missouri, (Mr Benton,)
but to those also who are most zealous on the
subject of the gold and silver com, being no other
than the speech of that Senator upon than the Dis-
trict banks, delivered in the session of 1835-36, to
whieh I have before referred, and from which I
now read the following extract •
" The great evils of a small paper currency aie,
1. To banish gold and silver, 2 To encourage
counterfeiting; 3. To destroy the standard of values,
4. To throw the burdens and the evils of the
paper system upon the laboring and small dealing
part of the community. The instinct of banks to
sink their circulation to the lowest denomination
of notes which can be forced upon the community
is a trait m the system universally proved to exist
wherever banks of circulation have been permitted
to give a currency to a country, and the effect of
that instinct has always been to banish gold and
silver. When the Bank of England was chartered
in the year 1694, it could issue no note less
than ¿£100 sterling; "mat amount was gradually
reduced by the persevering efforts of the bank to
¿650; then to ¿£20, then to ¿£15, then to ¿£10, and at
last to ¿£5, and, finally, to ¿£2 and ¿£1 Those de-
nominations were not reached until the year 1797,
or until ene hundred and three j'ears after the m*
stitution of the bank; and as the several reductions
m the size of the notes and the consequent increase
of paper currency took place, gold became more and
more scarce; and, with the issue of ¿£1 and¿£2 noies,
it totally disappeared from the country This effect
was foretold by all political economists, and espe-
cially by Mr. Burke, then aged and retired from
public life, who wrote from his retreat to Mr. Can-
ning, to say to Mr Pitt, the Prime Mimstei, these
prophetic words ' If this bill for the ¿£1 and £2
notes is permitted to pas--, we shall never see ano-
ther guinea m England.' The bill did pass, and
the prediction was fulfilled, for another guinea,
half guinea, or sovereign, was seen in Eng'and for
circulation until the bill was repealed two-and-
twenty years afterwards "
The report of the New York bank commission-
ers, made on the 23d of January, 1836, is to the
same effect, snowing that the practical experience
of our own country corresponds with that of Eng-
gland.   The commissioners saj
"The measures adopted at the last session of the
Legislatuie for the suppression of the small bank
notes have, so far as they have yet gone into opera-
tion, occasioned as lit le inconvenience as was to
have been expected. The effects of the change
were not sensibly felt until about the 1st of Septem-
ber, and since that time a large amount of specie
has been put into circulation, which will be very
much increased after the issues of the three dollar
notes shall have ceased Our Canadian neighbors,
however, circulate a very large amountofsmall bank
notes, which are taken as freely on the adjoining
frontier of this State, a? our own notes or specie.
In a considerable portion of St Lawrence cou uy,
where the intercourse of the inhabitants is chiefly
with Canada, the law is entnely disregarded. It is
more or less so m the counties bordering upon Ver-
mont, m the extreme western counties, and in the
city of New York. It will be found impossible,
we apprehend, to enforce the law effectually, so
long as the small notes are issued by the banks of
the adjoining States "
There can, therefore, I think, sir, be no doubt
upon this point, that it is the inflexible law of a
mixed currency of paper and com, that the cheaper
material supplants the more costly one, and that
the only mode by which you can secure a proper
admixture of com is by the suppression of the
small uotes. I am thus particular as to this prac-
tical truth, because upon it is based the whole sti uc-
ture of my argument I have before stated that
the whole currency of the countrv is assumed to be
what it was on the 1st of December last, as ap-
pears from the Secretary's report, $148,000,000, of
which $28,000,000 was com, and $120,000,000
bank notes The Government furnishes the com;
the banks furnish the paper part of the currency.
We are all agreed that, to constitute a sound cur-
rency, there should be a larger admixture of the
precious metals Those who are m favor of the
suppression of notes under §10, wish, as I have
shown, to laise the amount of coin in circulation
from §28,000,000 to $74,000,000, those in favor of
the suppression of notes under §20, to raise the
amount of co,n to §99 000,000, and the Senator
from Missouri, and all who think with him, that
all notes under §100 should be suppressed, wi-h to
raise that amount to §118,000,000. And jet, sr,
what means do they now propose to take in older
to accomplish this purpose' Why, sir, to separate
the Government from the banks' To divorce tne
Government from the banks' To leave the banks
to themselves' The Senator says, they have fallen
into the sea, and he will not assist to angle them
out' And this, too, after we have been told by the
Senator himself, and the proposition is undoubted-
ly true, ' that the instinct of banks to sink their cir-
culation to the lowes' denomination of notes wh'ch
c?n be forced upon the community, is a trait m the
system—and the effect orthat instinct has always
been to banish gold and stlvei " No. sir, you can
not leave the banks to themselves, you can not di-
vorce the Goverement from them' You must
watch over and '-egulate them, if yon mean to ac-
complish the object which you profess to have in
view, namely, the impiovement of the currency.
But it is said that, by requiring payments to tne
Gov ernment to be made in com, you will compel
its circulation. Well, sir, to what extent do you
compel that circulation'? To the extent only of the
amount that is absolutely necessary to effect those
payments. The President tells us in his message
that the amount of com which would be necessary
toi that purpose i, about §10,000,000 Then, 1
say, in the event of the non-'esumplion of specie
pa\ men's by the banks, jour cunency would con-
sist of §138,000,000 of paper, and, what is worse,
of inconvertible paper, without a limit to its ex-
tension, and of §10,000,000 of com, anl that com
would be confined to the channel of Government
receipts and Goveinment payments The cur-
rency would submit to the force you put upon it,
just to the extent of that force, and no further.
Your action wo lid resemble in its effect a proviso
to a gm'ral law, which is a restiamt onh to the
exten of the prov iso, and jour coin would circu-
late onlv m the chamel which vou had dugout
for u If, on the other hand, ihe banks should
lesume specie payme its, and the cunercy sh uid
be again composed, a= it was on the fi^st of
December last, of §28,000,000 oí com, ml
§120.000,000 of paper, then I sa\. sir, that as th«re
would be &per e, m le than °nough, in ciruihtion,
to answer the pavm°nts of the Government, the
measure of demanding payment in com wiiild
hove no tendency whatever to increase the amount
The reason of all this is apparent, and is to be
found m the fact which I have stited, that papn
will banish com from circulation unless restrained,
and will alwaj's do so up to the point of that re-
straint.
But it is not necessary to resort to any specula-
tive reasoning in pioof of these positions. You.
have now, sir, in the present state of things, the
most positive proof of their truth. Does not the
Government at this moment demand payment of
its dues, of its duties, its postages, and its sales of
public lands, m com' And yet does that com enter
into the general circulation' is it not confined en-
tirely to Government debtors and Government
cieditors, to those who consume the revenues and
those who pay them' I say, then, sir, that the
r suit of your measure is this, and th s only, to
secw e coin as the curt ency for the Govei nment, and
leai e paper as the currency of the people. It is no
unusual tmng, Mr Presifent, t-> see those at the"
h°ad of the Government profess one thing and do
another.
I come now to the consideration of my second
proposition, wh'ch is, that Congress is bound to
furnish a sound currency of com and convertible
paper for the people of the United States To any
one read in the history of this country, and m the
text of the Constitution, it would seem strange that
it should be deemed necessary to foimally pro-
pound such a pioposition, much moie so to prove
it. Bat the p=cnliai tone or the Message, and the
doctrines of some of the supp rters of tne admin-
istration on this floor, wou'd lead one to suppose
that the Constitution h A been formed, and the Go-
vern mer t created, for no o her purpose than to
take care of asclf Is it then true, sir, thai this
Government was created merely t lat Martín Van
Burén misht be President, and enjoy the dignity
and emoluments of his office that you s.r, should
be Vice Presiden, and we Senators of the United
Stales, w,th the p ívilege of frank ng our Jet'ers
and recen trig a per diem of eight dol'ars m gold
and silver' Was that the eni anl purpo-e of all
the anxious deliberation of that ban.' of patriots
who assembled in Philadelphia t-> lorm the Consti-
tution, an 1 of th= cess on, in that msriument, on
the p rt of ihe Statos, of almost a!! the high attri-
butes of soveieignty' I had hitherto thought the
object had betn " to promote the general welfare
of the peop'e of the United States " I was taught
to think that the powers of this Government were
trusts for the benefit of the pec pie, an I that the end
and object of the Constuut on was to promote their
vv pifare It seems, hoiv ev er, s r, that iho e who ad-
minister the Goiernmer' read that nstrument dif-
ferentlj, and have come to the enlightened, pro-
found, iibeial and statesmanlike conclusion, that
the Government was crtated m^ich for then bene-
fit, and that the people have n • p tit or 1 it in the
field of its operatic us Lei us then, examine for
a moment the soundness of this opinion, so far at
least as the cuirency is concerned, that being the
matter immediate!} undei consideration.
Every one faraihar with the histor} of the revo-
lutionary war, knows that we caff"1 out of mat
conflict with a rumed commerce anl a debased
cun°ncv of mcomei íbie pipt-r, that the States
refused to confer on the old Congress the piwer to
lew duties in imports, and were un..ble to enjoy
the benefit of that indirect mode of tavation them-
sehe- Tnil if New Yor\, foi instance, sought to
ruse ° revenue fiomher con,m°rce, New Jer ey
mteiie ei> aid dereatul her p'ar* by thro virg open
her porw Tnat, m toe sime mannei, the com-
nieic al retu ations of Penu-j vanr1 wei" at the
meic of the Stite of Delaware, ml w <.re, m fact,
frusiatedbv the legislaron of tha 'f^te, and so
of th" othei S'ates In the hopele s imbe mtj of
commercnl en erpri'e which g-ew cu of this con-
dit on of thine", ÚV peop'e sin tne necessity of a
General Gov ernment, which sho 11 have the
pou^r to recula e commerce, and provide a um-
foirnnd s- md c iHen"v for me country The
man and it n"- h i e inducement foi the fomation
it t e i > s f rm of G>v ernment « s the desire
to o^-ap i i nn fnese distresses and ernba rassments
uh eh fi mi then íH-psivadm? chara^tei could
onh I  en ed bv a National Government H nce
w   fin I hat ihe expiess pou er is, giv en in the Con-
stitution to resrulate comrarice, as «ell a* the ex-
prés power to regulate the standards of value and
quantity, which are the legs of commerce
I shall not, «ir, after the luminous and powerful
argument of the Senator iiom Massachusetts, (Mr.
