226                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     Sept. 1837.
25th Cong....1st Sess.                              Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Bond.                                            H. of Reps.
which, when considered as a whole, will be found
not to bear upon the qnestion before us. He
violently tore off a limb from the body; and I beg
leave to replace and bandage it up, binding the
bleeding fracture as well as my poor surgery will
permit, in order to present to view the unmutilated
subject in a perfect form. The entire passage is
this:
" The language of the clause is, that the Presi-
dent shall have power to fill up ' vacancies' that
may happen during the recess of the Senate. In
1813, President Madison appointed and commis-
sioned ministers to negotiate the treaty of peace of
Ghent during the recess of the Senate; and a ques-
tion was made whether he had a constitutional
authority so to do, there being no ' vacancy' of
any existing office, out this being the creation of a
new office. The Senate, at their next session, are
said to have entered a protest against scch an exer-
cise of power by the Executive. On a subsequent
occasion, (April 20, 1822,) the Senate seem dis-
tinctly to have held that the President could not
create the office of minister, and make appoint-
ments to such an office during the recess, without
the consent of the Senate. By 'vacancies,' they
understood to be meant vacancies occurring from
death, resignation, promotion, or removal. The
word ' happen' had relation to some casualty not
provided for by law. If the Senate are in session
when offices are created by law, which have not
as yet been filled, and nominations are not then
made to (hem by the President, he can not appoint
to such offices during the recess of the Senste.
In many instances, where offices are created by
law, special power is, on this very account, given
to the President to fill them during the recess; and
it was then said that in no other instances had the
President filled such vacant offices without the
special authority of law."
It will be observed that Judge Story referred to
what he supposed to be the opinion of the Senate
upon the point whether the President could appoint
to an otlice then created for the first time—a ques-
tion very wide of that now before us. The office
of a representative from Mississippi was not to be
created « hen the Governor issued his proclamation
for an election. It had been created some years
before, when that State was admitted into the
Union, and had been often tilled. The point which
the judge was di.-cussing, therefore,had no analogy
at ;tll to that before the House.
[Mr. A n.s ms rose, and stated that it was a mis-
take in Judge Story, in saying that a protest had
been entered by the Senate, in relation to the ap-
pointment alluded to. A Senator from Massachu-
setts had brought forward a proposition, declaring
the appointment alluded to illegal and unconstitu-
tional, and the subject was debated to the close of
that session, without coining to any conclusion, and
was again resumed at the commencement of the
next session; and after as patient deliberation as the
Senate ever gave to any subject, it was indefinitely
postponed by a vote of the majority of tha Senate;
so that there never was any protest by the Senate
against the appointment. And now, if he might be
permitted to say one word, he would give his un-
derstanding of this word " happen" in cases of va-
cancies. He believed, in relation to offices, that
every one happens to be vacant which is not full,
and that he believed was the sense and meaning of
the Constitution, whether the vacancy occurred from
casualty, the regular course of events, expiration of
term, or other cause. In relation to the offices of
public ministers, they were not offices created by
the laws or the Constitution, but were offices known
to the laws of nations, and created by the laws of
nations. Ministers were sent to every part of the
world by the President, and whenever tnere is a
necessity for the appointment of such minister, that
office is vacant. This was what he understood by
the term vacant, and he believed this was the
understanding of every President of the United
States.]
Mr. Howard resumed. I am glad, sir, that my
remarks have drawn out this opinion from the ho-
norable gentleman from Massachusetts, fince his
op'nirm on the subject of vacancies coincides with
my own. Perhaps this interpolation may be con-
si4ereH by sorrye as th* test part of my speech. But
the honorable gentleman has also, by showing that
Judge Story was mistaken as to the fact upon
which he built his argument, totally demolished the
fabric upon which the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.
Mason) reposed in fancied security. It was swept
away.
[Mr. Mason explained, and contended that the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts had
not effected the argument he had used, or the
authority he had referred to.]
Mr. Howard proceeded. It seems to me that
if Judge Story placed dependence upon an opi-
nion of the Senate, without even expressing his
own, and if it now appears that the Senate had given
no such opinion, there was very little left of the
authority which the gentleman quoted with such
emphasis. This is a matter for the House to de-
cide upon.    I dismiss the subject.
It appears strange, at first view, that this ques-
tion has never arisen before; and that now, for the
first time, a power was claimed on behalf of a Go-
vernor of a State under the Federal Constitution.
The reason why the case has never happened be-
fore, is precisely that which most readily reconciles
meto the acknowledgment of the power now. It
is, that all State Legislatures have, of their own
accord, conferred upon their Governors this very
same power, except in the single instance of Mis-
sissippi, arising in this case, no doubt, from inad-
vertence and preaipitate legislation. There is sure-
Jp no ground to fear any unpleasant result, when
onr decision is in exact conformity with the laws
of the Slates for forty years; when we are mani-
festing a beautiful harmony between the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the feelings of the
people of the Slates, as shown in their laws. If
indeed we were about to curtail the power which
the Governor claimed under the Constitution or
laws of his own State, we might well pause. But
onr decision in this case will only place Mississippi
precisely where the other States have voluntarily
placed themselves, by conferring upon their Go-
vernors the power which we are about to admit.
The gentleman from Khode Island who has just
taken his seat, (Mr. Tillinghast,) has touched upon
the only point which has caused any embarrass-
ment to my mind. He has said that if a Governor
of a State derives the power of ordering an election
in a case like this, from the Constitution of the
United States, which is the supreme law of the
land, and of course paramount to all State laws, he
can fix upon whatever lime he chooses for the elec-
tion to be held; and therefore, in every State where
members of Congress have not been chosen upon
the 4:h of March, whether an extra session may be
called or not, he can disregard the day which the
statute may have designated, and thus overrule the
laws. I state the objection as it has occurred to
my mind, without recollecting whether I give it the
exact shape which he did, I feel and acknowledge
its force, and admit that it is difficult to escape
from the conclusion; for, if this power is held
by the Governor under the Constitution of the
United Slates, no State legislation can take it
away. But Ihere are two reflections which
disarm this argument of much, if not all, of
its force. The first is, that the conclusion will
not be found, upon examination, to he as unplea-
sant as it appears to be upon a cursory view; for
it is not to be supposed that the chief agent of a
State Government will, without any cause or mo-
tive, overthrow the laws of the people over whom
he presides. Such an evil is not, m the natural or-
der of things, lo be feared; and, besides, these very
laws have, in all the States except Mississippi, con-
fided to this very officer the duty of selecting a day
for the election incase of necessity. If the Con-
stitution reposes this discretion in him, too, the
mere anticipation of a flagrant abuse of the power
can not be received as an insurmountable objec-
tion to the fair construction of that instrument.
The second reilcction is, that the Constitution in-
tended to provide, in all cases where ¡t was possi-
ble to do to, for Us own perpetuation. The Fede-
ral Government was meant to be kept up, and so
far as it springs from the people instead of the
States, power was given to it lo preserve its own ex-
istence. This House, as a vital part of that Go- ,
vernrnent, was not intended to become lapsed from
a want of power to secure its continuance. I find
in the Constitution, therefore, that, although the
Stales are permitted to regulate the elections for
members of this body, at their own will and plea-
sure, yet provision is instantly made for a defective
execution of this power in the legislative branches,
by throwing upon the Governors the clear and high re-
sponsibility of seeing that the members of this House
areduly chosen,in ihe very clause which is the subject
of all this debate ; and lastly, by way of meeting
evpry conceivable emergency, if the Legislative
and Executive branches of a State should both fail
to discharge thefr duty, an uliimate power is re-
served lo Congress to regúlale for itself the elec-
tions lo this House. Taking these different parts,
and deducing the spirit which cmana'es from them
all conjointly, I am led to believe that no vacancy
in this body was intended to be long tolerated. In
the physical world there is no vacuum. Nature is
said to abhor it. Just so in our political system :
those who created this artificial stale of being
equally abhorred a vacancy in this House, and
they therefore imposed a pressure upon every point
where that pressure could tend to fill it up. This
consideration leads us to the very structure of the
Federal Government, whether it was meant to be
a loose and disjointed fabric, or one firmly knit
together, so as to be lasting. This House is bound
to the people of the United States by an indissoluble
tie. If any one Slate chooses to loosen ihe knot,
Congress can fasten it again. This is the way in
which I read the Constitution, and I shall not be
deterred from coming to a conclusion coi respond-
ing with this interpretation, by a misplaced fear
that Governors of States will rush madly from
their spheres for no other purpose than to intro-
duce confusion and disorder. I shall, therefore,
vote to sustain the report of the majority of the
Committee of Elections.
SPEECH OF MR. BOND,
Of Ohio,
In the House of Representatives, September 26, 1837
—On the bill to postpone the payment to the States
of the fourth instalment of the surplus revenue.
Mr. BOND, of Ohio, said he felt constrained to
protest against the proposed bill, which, if passed,
would not only disappoint the hopes of his constit-
uents, but he feared must greatly affect the interests
of the State which he had, in part, the honor to re-
present. In doing this, he said, it was not his pur-
pose to detain the committee long.
Ohio, with other western States, had participat-
ed but very little in the benefits of that vast expen-
diture of public money which had characterized
this country for some few years past. The system
of internal'improvement by the General Govern-
ment had been abandoned, except m such shape as
to render it odious. Mr. Bond said he was free to
confess that he would sooner see that system u.ter-
ly abandoned than retained with that alarming
feature which surrendered the exclusive regulation
of it to the President. Sir, said he, it has been the
sitidied policy of the party in power, for the last
eight years, to strengthen the Executive arm! All
means, and every construction, both of the consti-
tution and law, have been seized m aid of this pow-
er, whilst a deeeitiul reluctance to use it was avow-
ed. Internal improvements were tolerated, if of a
general nature: but who decided this 1 The Pre-
siden!. A tariff was lawful, if judicious; but the
President alone could determine whether it was ju-
dicious or not.
Add to this the unqualified right of removal from
office which is claimed for that officer, and 1 appeal
to you, Mr. Chairman, if, in these latter days, there
is not a fearful concentration of power in one man !
His will, his sic volo sic jubeo, controls all the great
measures of the country.
Coming into power with professions of economy
and reform, as the present dominant party did, does
it not occasion just .surprise to see a system of ap-
propriations adoptíd, extiavagant in amount be-
yond all former history, and exceedingly partial in
their operation? The interior States, and those in
the west in particular, have enjoyed but few of
these favors- One object alone in ihe city of Ne#
York, I mean the custom-house, involves an expen-
diture of about two millions of dollars.
Bu}, sir, in despite of this unexampled system
