Sept. 1837._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________227
25th CoicG...lst Sess._____________________Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Bond.                                               H. of Reps.
of extravagance, our Treasury, in the year 1836,
■was overflowing; and it became a question of in-
terest to decide how, even after meeting all the vast
expenditures of the Government, we should dis-
pose of the surplus. I was among those who
thought it should, in some way, be placed, ¡n just
proportions, at the disposition of the States.
We thought it unsaíé to leave it in hands already
too powerful, and that it might be safely and bene-
ficially employedby the several States. This mea-
sure was proposed; but how was it received by the
Administration'? Again and again it was denied
that any surplus existed. The Chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means (Mr. Cambreleng)
boldly asserted on this floor that the exigencies of
the country required every cent of the public mo-
ney ; and so hostile was he to any division of the
surplus among the States, that he declared he pre-
ferred seeing it sunk in the mighty deep.
I need not remind gentlemen of the reiterated
opposition of the Administration print in this city
(the Globe,) which, at this time, poured forth vio-
lent editorials, condemning the measure, coupled
with studied denials that any surplus would exist.
In another part of the Capitol, a distinguished
Senator from New York (Mr. Wright) declared,
in his place, that the Treasury would not be more
than adequate to the demands of the Government.
I find, sir, among the publications of that day a
speech of that gentleman, in which he arrayed, and
presented in solid column, as it to alarm the timid,
a most imposing calegory of all the different bills
which the extravagance of the party had presented
for consideration at that session, in either House.
It was, indeed, a fearful list, and furnishes an apt
commentary on the pretensions of those who came
into power on that deceitful and greatly-abused
hobby of economy and reform! One of these bills,
I recollect, was introduced by a committee, whose
chairman said, on this floor, in reference to it, that
it was so universal in its provisions as to have some
appropriations in favor of the district of almost
every member of the house. I believe, sir, that it
was never expected that all these bills would pass;
but they were used as an available means of defeat-
ing the passage of the deposite bill.
Coupled with these measures, inquiries were
gravely sent from the Senate Chamber to the dif-
ferent Departments, to ascertain the maximum
which they could severally expend. Yes, sir, not
how little, but how much of the people's money they
could use. And another member oí ihe Senate
(Mr. Benton,) by way of finding employment for
this money, proposed to institute a most magnificent
scheme of military defence, which would have
given but little to the wes', and, in the end, might
have entailed on this country, as one of its conse-
quences, a large standing army, and subjected us
to an odious and oppressive system of taxation. I
rejoice, sir, that all these attempts to defeat the di-
vision of the public money were foiled. After ap-
propriations enormous beyond all past experience,
the Administration had finally to admit that there
would be a residuum. But still thev were unwil-
ling to send it to the people.
.Next in review, and from that same Senator,
who was fox absorbing the treasure in his array of
bills before alluded to, we see a proposition to in-
vest che surplus in stocks! Yes, sir, it was serious-
ly and gravely proposed that these United States
should turn broker, and enter into competition with
certain gentlemen who have obtained for them-
selves the unenviable cognomen of bulls and bears
of Wall street! What answer will be made to this
by the worthy gentleman from Virginia, (Mr
Jones,) who addressed the House a few days since
on this subject % He could not consent that the
Government should now sell the bonds which it
holds for the deferred instalments on the sale of its
stock in the late bank of the United States, when it
was the wish of " the party" (o subdue the bank and
bring it into public odium. It was openly declared
that it was unsafe either to retain the stock held by
the Government, oí continué to make the deposites
in that institution. A confidential friend of the
President was empowered, by him, to investigate
the state and business of the bank, with a view to
action on these points. The agent was a highly
honorable, intelligent, end just man, and, withal, a
strong personal friend o. the President. He made
this examination without limit or restraint. The
result was creditable to the bank, but disappointed its
enemies. The attack was, however, renewed before
Congress by message, and a verdict equally honor-
able to the bank returned,   Regardless of all thi',
'he public money waswithdrawn, andplaced where
the law never authorized it. That same party who
had declared the stock held by the Government in
that bank to be in danger, at length obtained a law
for its sale, and then actually declared it to be worth,
not only its par value, but fifteen per cent, beyond
it, and sold it at that advance to the Pennsylvania
State Bank of the United States, taking the bonds
for its payment, to which allusion has been made.
In despite of all the violent and harsh means taken
to depress the institution, these bonds could be sold
for cash, and without loss. If, then, the Govern-
ment really needs money; but, above, Ul, if yoa
are sincere in your avowed purpose to be clear of
all connexion with banks, why not dispose of these
bonds instead of issuing Treasury notes, or borrow-
ing money"! Why not do so, and apply the means
to the preservation of your pledged "faith to the
States under the deposite law"? The gentleman
from Virginia (Mr. Jones) says he is unwilling to
do so because it will subject the Government to the
imputation of acting in the capacity of broker! I
cannot see the occasion for this fastidious delicacy.
In what does it differ from the sale it did make of
the stock of the bank, or from raising money on ns
own scrip, as it has often done, or from what it now
proposes to do on Treasury notes t
But if the objection of the gentleman be sound,
it carries certain condemnation to the Senator from
New York. These gentlemen aie of the same po-
litical party, and seem to act with great identity of
feeling in all the leading measures of the Adminis-
tration. The proposition of the Senator in ques-
tion not only subjected the Government to do the
office of broker, but would have made a vast addi-
tion to the power and patronage of the Executive.
Stocks were to be bought and sold, and the Presi-
dent, wielding, as he would have done, sume forty
millions of dollars, would have held I be place of
giant broker and unrivalled regulator of the stock
market. The stocks of an offending State could be
depressed, whilst those of a more subservient sister
were elevated. But, sir, here again I rejoice that
this monstrous project was defeated. During a
long and protracted session of Congress the atten-
tion of the people was drawn to the subject, and a
unanimity of feeling from all parts of the country
demanded the division of the money among the
States, and received the obedience of Congress.
The bill passed, sir, but it had not the wilbng
support of the Administration—it was extorted bv
the united and loud acclamation of the people. it
was, indeed, obstinately and to the last, vo'ed a-
gainst by those who so signally exerted themselves
to defeat it. But, Mr. Chairman, strange asit may
appear, the organ of the party, (theGlobe.)the ve'-y
instant afterwards, claimed the credit of the
measure ! Let us now see how it has been execut-
ed. The provisions of that bill are familiar to us
all, and this house was informed at ¡helast session,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, that he had spt
apart, on the 1st of January, 1837, the sum of
$9,367,314 98, to be deposited with the States as
required by that law. Each State hrs been express] y
notified by the Secretary of her respective fhare of
that sum, and of the time when the several instal-
ments would be paid. The States have solemnly
legislated on the .subject, and have agreed to accept
the money; they have done more—they hove ap-
propriated and pledged it to high and benevolent
uses, at least many of them have. We, m Ohio,
have done so: a leading object with her has been,
to derive from this fund permanent means of se-
curing general education to her rising- and fnlvrc
generations. Engagements hate been made upon
the faith of this law, and this fund permanently
pledged for these great and sacred trust'. The Ir w
has oeen partially executed; three-fourths of the
promised sum has been already paid. And, Mr
Chairman, gentlemen may, if they please, reier to
the letter of the deposite act, and say it was J¡o< in-
tended as a measure of distribution. _ The manner
in which the difiirenl States ieccivci tufit act, rr,'
the permanent uses to which tiit-v plte-'ed ih,-i¡
money by their legislation, give lUr bes' ;>!¡,>, pr.:'->-
tion of the sense in which it Yin> tjev'f,' ; '* ¡e'
people. But even in its execu'¡ou 'ho ^e. t':.'.;'c:
the Treasury did, in my juditmen!, dep:tv t; e
States of a part of the sum which, under ''i • l.rv.
they were justly entitled 10. In his late v port. !;■-
says that the actual sum received in the "'-'•':-n v
oh the 1st of January, 1837. was ?t\h'(\'¡'.''; 5v.
The deposiie law onlv authorized hire to i.'-ni-0
five millions; but he went bevond it, and thus de-
prived the State* of mor  than ose million six
hundred thousand dollars. The Secretary explains
this by saying that he did not receive the returns
from the banks until after the 1st of January. That
may be; but still, whe  received, they proved the
money to have been in the Tteasury on the 1st of
January, 1837, and he ought to have reserved it ac-
cordingly. The Treasury accounts must be greatly
confused, if the amount refened to was omitted.
These accounts are, it is true, rendered mysterious,
and we are told by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, (Mr. Cambreleng) that they
have become a science, and that we must study
them. Indeed, he adds, that, after fifteen years'con-
stant application on his own part, he still finds it
no easy task ! I fear that the chief difficulty m the
whole affair results from the mystery unnecessarily
thrown around these matters, rather than any in-
trinsic perplexity in the subject itself. The report
of the Secretary was certainly designed by the law,
requiring it to be so stated as to be easily understood.
But to i eturn to the amount which the Secretary,
from some cause, did not discover to be in the
Treasury, though, m effect, it was there on the 1st
of January, 1837. It was clearly embraced both in
the spirit and letter of the deposite law, and it was
¡he duty ol the Secretary, the moment he discovered
the omission, to have added it to the amount before
set apart by him, and notify the States and Con-
gress of the fact. My own belief is, sir, that he
would have done so had he been a friend of the
deposite law.
But, Mr. Chairman, I fear every occasion has
been seized to defeat and disappoint the wishes and
hopes of the friendsof this measure. And not only
was the sum of one million six hundred and seventy
thousand dollars improperly excluded, as I think,
but the Secretary has, without authority, used a
large part of the fourth instalment now due, and
urges the passage of a law withholding or postponing
that entne instalment.'
Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury had no right
to use one cent of the money, which he had set apart
for the States under the deposite law. That money
was specifically and sacredly pledged and appro-
priated ; no subsequent act of appropriation was
designed or intended to conflict with that measure.
Neither the letter nor spirit of any other law did
conflict with it; and I cannot now discover any
reason for postponing the payment of this fourth
instalment to the States, unless it be that the Secre-
tary, having improperly used the money, wishes to
ma!:? goodwills retrca'. and escape the censure of
l hat act, by extorting the present bill from Congress,
on the allegation of an exhausted Treasury. I am
unwilling to afford him any such shield; he has
transcended his power; he has siezed the money of
the people, and diverted it from those great and
benevolent objects for which it was designed, and
on him and the President let the responsibility rest.
It is admitted by the friends of this bill that it is
their duty to assign reasons for its passage. What
do they urgei They say the Government wants
the mónev. Yes, sir," and" so they said before the
passage of the deposite law. But of what -ise will
this fund be to them, admitting even tiiat the
Treasury is impoverished, of which, after all ex-
planations. I do honestly doubt 1 The fund in
question. Í mean that poor pittance of it which the
Secretary has not used, is not in a condition for
immediate use by the Treasury, at least the Secre-
tary savs he cannot use it, because it will not be
paid m"what he calls "legal funds." How, then,
will the passage of this bill aid the Treasury 1 This
reason is deceptive; and it does seem to me to be
highly inexpedient'to disappoint the States in the
fulfilment of their just expectations. Gentlemen
ir.av indulge themselves in believing that they do
not viola-e a contract, and that the mere letter of
the denosHc lave admits of the proposed bill.
The' tentleman from New York (Air. Taylor)
admitted that the deposite act and its acceptance by
the Satrs ¡lid amount to a contract, so far as the
si"ie be, I been executed by the payment of the three
T;.s- ,¡ si-.Jmems. But he added, with some appar-
-,-.' .■:.<! .anon, that, though he was no lawyer, it
.■ c. - e'". < to him that the law in question did not
e> i rote any contract for the fourth instalment,
:,- -. ]'e.-^y \ei unpaid. I mean no disrespect to the:
-VnoeJinn wh/.n I say that, in mv judgment, the
tie- vtU.v i/f this position confirms the fact stated by
vin'tla': tie is no lawyer. The law is entire, and
contemplates the payment of a gross sum, but di-
vides it into four instalments If e tad as a contract
a> all, it is so for the whek. 1 cannot agie  that,
so far as we perform an engagement,weare bound,
