Sep1 1837.                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÜ&                              Í3Í
25th Covg......1st Sess.                             Making public officers depositories—Mr. Tallmadge.                                                   Senate.
the whole country, from the accumulated force and
pressure which it has acquired. There was scarcely
a bank, in city or country, in the Northern and
Easfein States, but what felt this constant drain
It thus became the source of alarm, and the lack of
confidence thus manifested by the Government be-
came the fruitful source of distrust in the com-
munity at large.
This Specie circular became the subject of poli-
tical discussion at the elections  which took place
that season.   The public mmd was agitated   Con-
gress assembled, and immediately took measures
to rescind this order, which had been issued against
the clear and almost unanimous expression of the
Senate, at the previou  session.   The currency hill
introduced  by   my friend   from  Virginia, (Mr.
Rives,) was intended to rescind it.     Sir, it is not
necessary for me to recapitulate the circumstances
attending the progress of that bill.   They are fami-
liar to most oi us.     Suffice it to say, that it passed
the Senate with only   four dissenting votes, and in
about the same ratio in the House.   This Ijill was
retained by the late Executive in the manner and
for the reasons which have heretofore been given
to the country     I will not dwell on them.   There
is to my mmd no pleasure jrt the contemplation of
thsm.   I could  wish  that the  whole transaction
were blotted from my memory.     I only allude to
it for the purpose of showing its effect on the pub-
lic mind in reference to public confidence, and for
no other purpose. I desire to speak of it in no other
light.     The attention of the whole country was
turned to Congress, and was watching the progress
of this bill; and when it passed  both  Houses by
such a powerful vote, new light seemed to beam
upon those who were looking to it as the source of
relief in   n ainlaming   and   restoring   confidence
which had been so  much impaired by the issuing
and continuance of the original order      But those
who expected this relief were doomed once more to
disappointment. They had seen that the object was
one which peculiarly belonged to Congress, that the
only power the Executive had over it was derived
from the joint resolution of 1816,  and  whenever
Congress saw fit to resume that power, in whole or
in part, they  anticipated  no obstruction from the
Executive branch of the Government.     They had
read the Constitution as it was understood by its
original framers    They had heard Executive pow-
er defined as one "giving effect to the behests of other
powers which have a tight to command "    They sup-
posed that the will of Congress, on a subject pecu-
liarly belonging  to  the  legislative powers  of the
Government, would  have pievailed, and that the
country would have been relieved from the embar-
rassment of a measure, about which, whatever dif-
ference of opinion might have existed as to its in-
ception, there was none as to its continuance.     In
this, I repeat, they were grievously disappointed.
They nevertheless, clung to the only hope that re-
mained.   The citizens of New York, who felt the
most intense interest in this matter, knew that on
the 4lh of March their " favorite son" was to as-
sume the rtins of Government; and they believed
that in this eventful crisis he would not be unmind-
ful of his native State, whose fate was suspended
by the brittle thread of confidence which remained,
although attenuated by the adverse action of the
Chief Magistrate who had just retiTd      Sir, after
the adjournment of Congiess, and when, on  my
way home, I reached the citj of New Yoik, I found
" expectation stood on lip-toe "     Inquiries as fre-
quent as thev «ce anxious, were made of me as to
the probable actios of the President m reference to
this order     I assured them, fiom what I deemed
satisfactory authority, that it would be rescinded,
or would be modified in  a way  equivalent to re-
scinding it.    Joy and satisfaotion beamed on every
countenance.    Life and  animation  were restated.
Confidence was revived, and  the whole business
population of the city were ready to exclaim.
">iowis the winter of our discontent
Made glonou« summer by ihis sun of "V ork "
Sir, whilst thus elated with the prospect of íelief,
the cup of confidence was again dashed from their
lips. The President declined to interfere with the
order, which had been handed down by his prede-
cessor as a legacy to him, and left an anxious com-
munity in that condition where " hope never comes
that comes to all." Far be it from me to blame
the President for the course taken by him. He,
doubtless, had reasons satisfactory to himself, and
it is not for me to censure, where one acts accord-
ing to his own judgment, and the dictates of his
own conscience.
Sir, I would not be understood as suppos ng that
the rescinding of the Specie- circular would have
been a panacea for all the evils which then afflicted
the community. I know that there were many
other causes operating to produce the pecuniary
embarrassments und"r which the country then
labored, and I believe, if public confidence had
been maintained, the country would have borne
even a greater pressure, without the necessity of a
suspension of specie payments by the banks. Is
this not evident, from what the Secretaiy of the
Treasury states in his report?    He sav s.
" As a whole, their specie, compared with their
circulation, continued to be almost as large in May
as m November It averaged more than one to
three, or much mere than has been customary with
he banks in this country, and was over double the
relative quantity held by all the banks in England
at the same period, and w as in a proportion one-
fourth larger than that in the Bank of England
itself. Their immediate means, compared with
their immediate liabilities, were somew hat stronger
m November than in May, but were at both
periods nearly one to two and a half, or greater
than the usual ratio, m the best times, of most banks
which have a large amount of deposites in pos-
session "
Where, then, was the necessity of suspension,
but from the want of public confidence'' With all
the elements of prosperity around ui, with more
than eighty millions oí dolíais in specie, it is diffi-
cult to conceive, notwithstanding an} over-action in
trade, or in other branches of business, how such a
necessity should exist. Confidence mav be de-
stroyed or sustained by imaginary, as well as real,
causes. It was not material, therefore, whether
the rescinding of the Specie circular would in itself
have produced the beneficial effects which were
anticipated from it. It is sufficient that it was
looked to as a source of confidence, and as long as
it answered 'hat purpose, it was of no consequence
whether it was a real or an imaginary cause of the
confidence which it created and sustained.
Sir, I might illustrate my idea by what is gene-
rally termed the panic session of 1834 It is now
conceded that the cau«es of the pressure at that
time were imaginary—that the removal of a few
millions of dollars from one place to another could
not, of itself, produce the alarm and distress which
followed. The community, however, believed
there was sufficient canse for it all, and that was
the same as if it actually existed The distrust
which prevailed was extended to our State institu-
tion^. Theie was great apprehension of their sus-
pending specie payments In this crisis the State
interposed and loaned its credit to the banks to the
amount of six millions of dollars No sooner was
this done than confidence was again restored, and
the State never had occasion to is«ue a single dol-
lar of the six millions thus proffered for their sup-
port.
Had the large amount of specie, about which so
much has been heaid, been governed in its move-
ments by the regular course of business and the
laws of trade, we should not have encountered
the evils which are so loudly complained of—con-
fidence would have been maintained, and a suspen-
sion would not have followed.
I know, sir, that the banks have been charged
with treachery and fraud, and of stopping for sin-
ister purposes In regard to the banks in my own
State, I feel bound to repel the imputation thus
cast upon them I speak fiom personal knowledge
and observation when I say, they stopped not from
choice, but from the most imperative necessity.
In the city of New Yoik, thtv were amply pre-
pared to meet all the demands of bill-holders, but
they could not answer the demands of alarmed de-
positor—alarmed not as to their eventual respon-
sibility, but lest, in case oe suspension, their funds
should be put beyond their control until the liqui-
dation of the concerns of the banks m the hands
of receivers    Sir, they held out nil vhe last mo-
-------------                               r..        ,                    ,,   tH        ,       ■£==
meBt that prudence dictated, and when they sus-
pended, it was with the approbation of every class
of the community. The Legislature of the State,
which was then in session, by an almost unani-
mous vo'e of both Houses, sanctioned the suspen-
sion, and relieved the banks, for one year, from
riie forfeiture of their charters.
I maintain, then, that these banks suspendedspe-
cie payments from causes entirely beyond their
control, and without fault on their part. If they
have over-banked, they have been stimulated to it
by the action of the Government, and by the unu-
sually and extraordinarily large surplus in their
possession, the evil effects of which were intended
to be remedied by its gradual withdrawal under the
deposite act. They weie uiged by the Secretary
of the Treasury to be liberal m their accommoda-
tions to the merchants, and through them to benefit
every class m the community. The public depo-
sites were the means by which these accommoda-
tions were to be made. Thev were used as the
Secretary of theTieasury desired, until the banks
themselves became alarmed at the consequences
which might result from an over-extension, and
from the political agitation which would follow it.
The evil effects of this large surplus, and which
was constantly increasing, were seen by the banks
Thev were desirous of averting ihem And when
the question of depositing it with the States w as be
fore Congress, some of the principal ones were 11
favor of the measure. In the course I pursued, I
acted under Ihe advice of some of their principal
officers; and the very proposition which I submitted
to the Senate, m the shape of an amendment, and
which was adopted with great unanimity, was sug-
gested by one of them He said that as long as the
moneyed concerns of tire country weti- made the
subject of political c1 cucsion, solungv>ould the
business and mercantile communifi be m constant
agitation and alarm—that this surplus ought to be
disposed of, and thus restore peace and harmonv in
our money matters, wh ch could not be anticipated
whilst it lemamed in it- present position. The pro-
position for disposing of it was that of a business
man, It was. to deposite it with the Sla'es m the
ratio of representation, to la.ke their ceiüScates of
dtposite, in the nature of a stock, redeemable at
their pleasure, and that the Secretary of the Trea-
sury should, at anj time, far want of olher money
in the Treasury to meet appropriations made by
Congress, be authorized to sell these certificates in
the market, and in the hands of the purchaser thev
should bear an interest of five per cent. Th. s
would have been a regular business transaction Ir
would have required no legislation on tho part of
Cengress or the States to reach the monej. It
would have been always within the power and con-
trol ot the Secretary of the Treasury, The States
would have had the benefit of it without interest,
until it was required fcr the wants ot the Govern-
ment/and then would have merely prov ded for
the five per cent interest on that tvhicli was sol I,
andiedeemed the principal at their pleasure It
was in this shape that the bill passed the Senate It
was amended in the House for reasons familiar to
a'l who were here at the time, and wh'ch it is not
necessary for my present purpose to repeat. Had
the bul passed as it went fiom the Seuaie, we-
should not now be called on to replenish an ex-
hausted Treasury. The Secretary would, ?t tus
time, have at his control the three instalments alreadj
deposited with the States, amounting to some twen-
ty-eight millions of dollars. These certificates could,
at any time, have been sold, and, once m the mat-
ket, would have gone very far towards liquidating
our foroign debt
Sir, I am aware that the execution of the depo-
site act hm s source of inconvenience, and, in
some in tances, of embarrassment, at those points
from which large sums were to be transferred.
But much of this inconvenience and embairass-
rnent arose from the manner of its execution.
I will not undertake to say how far the Secretary
of the Treasury, under the provisions of this act,
and under the general authority of this Department,
could have made the transftrs other than he did
But I will say, if they had been made as a
mercantile man would have made them, they woula
have materially aided ihe dorfteífíie e,tcharv|<$ ¡of
