tt>lX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             23Í
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Tallmadge.                                             Senate.
Seftt. 183t.
25th CoKG....lst Sess.
with horror upon the th6 ruthless warfare that has
been carried on against the mercantile interest. I
have seen with alarm the attempts which have been
made to set up other portions of the community
against them. I have heard them branded as
swindlers for collecting their honest dues at home,
and as traitors for paying their honest debts abroad.
Sir, the interests of all classes in this country are
reciprocal. Neither the farmer, the manufacturer,
the mechanic, nor the merchant, can get on advan-
tageously the one without the other. But it is to the
merchant more especially that the Government must
look for the immediate means of support. It is the
merchant that stands between the Government and
the consumer. It is the merchant that shoulders
the responsibility, and pays into the Treasury the
enormous amount of revenue which keeps the
whole machinery of Government in motion. It is
the merchant that maintains the credit of the coun-
try abroad, by the scrupulous fidelity with which
he endeavors to meet all his engagements. In
short, the character of an American merchant is a
passport through any country in the world. And
still this class of citizens, that command universal
respect abroad, can not be relied on in times of peril
at home! Sir, in what period of our history have the
merchants been obnoxious to this charge? None
were more patriotic during the revolutionary war:
none contributed their means more largely or more
freely. And who, let me ask, occupied a prouder
position during the late war? When the credit of
the Government was at its lowest ebb, who fur-
nished the means to carry on the war? The mer-
chants. When the Government wanted money,
and could not command it on its own responsibi-
lity, whs stepped in to its assistance, and provided a
credit on which it could be raised? The merchants.
Yes, sir, when your troops were famishing for want
of supplies, and disheartened for want of pay; when
you could not raise a dollar on your own credit, it
was the merchants, through these much traduced
and vilified banks, that took your depreciated paper
which had no currency with the people, and gave
their own in exchange, in which the country had
confidence. Sir, I am tired of these incessant efforts
to excite one portion of the community against the
other. There is no class to whose patriotism you
may not appeal when the country requires their ser-
vices. The agricultural interest, from the very
nature of their employment, will always stand pre-
eminent. But it is to the merchants, more than
any other class, that you are to look for the ready
means to aid you in time of war. Sir, they have
always responded to your call. Thgy were never
found wanting in the most perilous periods of your
history. Whatever .of glory, or of honor, or of
prosperity this nation enjoys, it is indebted in no
small degree to the patriotism of the merchants.
They have contributed their full share towards
establishing your national character at home and
abroad. They will continue to sustain it, until
their broken and subdued spirits shall think it no
longer worth preserving.
Sir, the great desideratum in this as well as in
every new country is capital to carry on its busi
ness. This can not be found to the extent that it is
desired. In our own country we have all the sub-
stantial elements of prosperity: with an extent of
territory surpassing the proudest kingdoms of
Europe, with every variety of soil and climate;
with popular institutions, and a free Government,
and combining all the advantages which make up
the sum of a people's happiness and a nation's
greatness; we lack tut the capital necessary to
bring all these elements into life and being. This
can only be obtained by well reguiat¿d banks and
by paper credit—credit is the only substitute for
capital in a new country. Old countries, where
capital has been accumulating for ages, may more
easily dispense with it; but a new one, like our
own, can not do without it. Look to western New
York for its magic influence. See it in a few years
converted from a wilderness to fruitful fields. Look
to the western States, now exhibiting the proud
evidences of a rapid and progressive improvement,
where but a few years since there was no trace of
■civilization. By its means the whole country is
more than half a century in advance of what it
would have been without it.    This system of cre-
dit has heretofore been appreciated by our own
people, and I trust it will continue to be appre-
ciated by them, notwithstanding the efforts that are
making to undervalue it, and eventually to pros-
trate it. It has been, perhaps, still more appre-
ciated abroad than by us. It has become the ad-
miration of all Europe. For a time the infant
strides of our young and growing Republic aston-
ished the world. The old Governments of Europe
saw us springing at one bound from childhood to
the manhood of our existence. They saw that cre-
dit was the nurture of our infant growth, as well
as the support of maturer years. To this cause
some of the ablest writers of Great Britain attribute
our unparalleled improvement in all that renders a
people prosperous and a nation powerful. I can
not forbear, on this occasion, to quote the language
of one of them:
"Every body knows that the States of the Union
embrace a territory, most of it of the highest fer-
tility, equal to the surface of all Europe, including
Russia, on this side of the Ural mountains, about
eighteen times the whole area of France, and
thirty times thai of the British Islands. In this im-
mense territory there is a population of about
twelve millions of men, almost all active, industri-
ous, and energetic, doubling every thirty years,
and capable, if sustained at the same rate of in-
crease, of producing, in two centuries, two hundred
millions of human beings, in comfort and happi-
ness. What then is wanting to sustain the for-
tunes of a State in such unparalleled circumstan-
ces of abundance ? Nothing but capitil. This,
however, is indispensable; and it is obviously im-
possible, even with the most industrious, saving,
and active population in the world, that the exist-
ing wealth can be proportioned either to the bound-
less extent of waste land capable of cultivation, or
the constantly increasing wants of a growing and
indefatigable People. It is in such a State that the
utility of banks and paper credit is most strongly
felt, and that a paper circulation, based on sound
principles, becomes an indispensable element in
the progress of social improvement.
"Banks are the great instrument by which in-
tegrity and talent supply the want of capital; by
which prudence and industry, setting out on the
basis of paper credit, attain, at length to the solid
advantages of substantial capital. Such a system
quadruples at once the active capital of the coun-
try, by producing a paper capital based on credit,
which, as long as that credit remains unshaken,
answers all the purposes of encouraging industry
just as well as the metallic treasures of Mexico and
Peru. Ii prevents a large portion of the national
wealth from being absorbed in the unprofitable and
unproductive form of a metallic currency, and pro-
vides for the necessary circulation at a fifth part of
its cost. Old States, in which capital is redundant,
and all home employment nearly filled up, may
dispense with a paper currency, just as the finished
scholar may discard the rudiments, or the accom-
plished equestrian forget the lessons of the manege;
but till that last stage has arrived, it is the greatest
act of national insanity to destroy or restrain, ex-
cept within those limits which the public safety re-
quires, the invaluable ally of a paper circulation.
It has quadrupled, in the last half century, the
wealth of Scotland, and multiplied tenfold that of
America. But for the powerful impulse given by
the advances of bankers, and the large capital
which they put in motion, the industry of the
United States, instead of having long ago crossed
the Alleghany mountains, and given birth to four
millions of men in the valley of the Mississippi,
would have been still slowly advancing along the
shores of the Atlantic, and not yet have pierced
the profound solitudes of the Ohio or Missouri."
*               *               *              #               *
" And it is apparent that such establishments, if
rightly understood, are eminently favorable to the
progress of freedom, and the real interests of the
working classes. Capital—solid wealth—is ever
essentially aristocratic. It never can be very
generally or widely diffused, at bast in large masses;
and, therefore, banks which lend a helping hand to
enterprise and activity in the earlier and more
eventful periods of their career, and enable them to
maintain the struggle with other establishments,
having the advantage of long-tried connections and
realized wealth, are eminently favorable to the po-
pular classes, and the best support to the cause of
liberty. Without banks, a commercicl State must
ever speedily fall, and has fallen, under the domi-
nion of a few overgrown mercantile establishments;
industry and activity can never maintain their
ground in the competition from want of capital.
The banker with his notes has done as much for the
cause of freedom, as either the printer with his
printing-press, or the schoolmaster with his gram-
mar."
To this authority permit me to add that of the
philosophic and liberal democratic French traveller,
Mr. Chevalier:
" Credit is> the primary element of life in the
United States; they literally live on it. Without
credit, those populous tows which arise on all sides,
as if by enchantment—those rich States which
fringe the margin of the Atlantic, which stretch
to the west of the Alleghany, and extend along the
course of the Ohio and the Mississippi, would have
been still savage forests and bottomless morasses.
* * « •* -phe banks have acted as the lever
which has enabled the Americans to establish
among themselves, to their own great profit, the
agriculture and industry of Europe, and which has
covered their territories with cities, canals, railroads,
manufactories, and fertile fields; in a word, every
thing which constitutes civilization. Without the
banks the cultivator would have been destitute of
capital for his most necessary advance; he would
have had no instruments for the clearing of his
farm; and if the system has led in many cases to
absurd and camblmg speculations, it is the same
system which has enabled the farmer to purchase
land for two dollars the acre; which he afterwards
sold for ten or a hundred. The mechanics who are
now so loud in their condemnation of the banking
system, forget that it is to that they owe the indus-
trial activity which has enabled them to earn from
live to eight shillings a day of wages. They forget
that it is it which has furnished them with the
means, of which so many have availed themselves,
of rising to opulence and comfort; for, in America,
every enterprising man who can give the guaranty
of a tolerable character, is sure of obtaining credit,
and thus has the means of making his fortune."
Such are the views of enlightened foreigners in
regard to the banking institutions of our country. I
know the system may be abused. No one is more
desirous or more anxious to correct those abuses
than myself. No one would go father to throw
around it additional restraints. No one is more
solicitous to enlarge the specie basis, and thereby
render more stable our paper circulation. Bat it
is this indiscriminate assault upon the whole bank-
ing system of the country to which I object. It is
this attempt to excite the prejudices and passions of
the people in regard to them to which I am op-
posed. It is this spectre of an exclusive metallic
currency which still flits the vision of certain gen-
tlemen, against which I protest. For, disguise it as
you may, "to this complexion we must come at
last," if the schemes which are now on foot can be
carried out. But they can not be carried out.
There is a physical impossibility to their success in
a country like ours. Still 1 am unwilling that the
country should pass through such an ordeal. I
am unwilling that the present generation shall be
killed off for the sake of making a doubtful experi-
ment for the benefit of posterity.
Sir, I was surprised to hear the Senator from
North Carolina, (Mr. Strange,) condemn our whole
banking system as an utter absurdity, and which
he predicted would be looked upon, by those who
come after us, with as much astonishment as we
look upon the South Sea bubble. In this enlight-
ened age, at this late period of our history, after
what we have seen of the effects of the credit sys-
tem upon the country, with the evidence, of our
own senses, and the testimony of all Europe in
favor of it, I confess my amazement at hearing
such sentiments uttered on this floor. I have not
language, consistent with the high respect which I
entertain for that honorable Senator, (Mr. Strange,)
to express my astonishment; and I, therefore, can
only say:
" 'Tis Strange, 'lis passing Strange'"
