240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Oct. 1837
25th GoNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Air. Legare.
H. of Reps.
and gloom In the midst of all this distress, there
was a cry, not for hard money, as in the present
crisis—they had enough of that, m one sense, at
least—but for the good, old fashioned paper money
issued by the States—and the discontents of some
of the boldest and most active spirits of New Eng-
land broke out mto open revolt against society, and
seriously threatened its overthrow. Sir, never since
we have been a people, have we passed through a
period so full of perils of all sorts' Never was
the morality of the nation put to so severe a trial,
or its peace and its institutions, and its destinies
brought so near to the veiy edge of the precipice.
And what was the immediate cause of all this in-
tense pecuniary distress t Speculation, sn, far wild-
er, ui proportion, than any that has smce occurred.
We had imported in the two first} ears after the
peace, a large amount, $30,000,000, against exp irts
of some eight or nine millions. Look into Pitkin's
statistics. And yet with a fact from our owh his-
tory, so impoitant, so authentic, so full of instruc-
tion on al! the points involved m this discussion,
yon hear able and leading men speak of the spirit
of speculation, as something inseparably connected
with paper money alone. No, sir' it results from
what is called the " course of trade," in its perpet-
ual round of quiescence—imdrovement—increas-
ing confidence—prosperity—excitement—over-trad-
ing—convulsion—stagnation—pressure—distress—
ending m quiescence again.-f Nor is it by bank is-
sues, even where banks most abound, that it is sup-
plied with the means of compassing its object In
1825, it is said that mercantile paper, to the amount
of near $600,000,000, was negotiated in London.
Mr. Rothschild mentions that his house received in
the course of tw o months, bills to the amount of a
million and a half, \ while the circulation of the
Bank of England, and the country banks together,
did not exceed thirty millions It is commercial cu-
ati and private loans, that at such periods encour-
age and sustain those great and perilous opeiations'
—not banks, not bank notes, notiedundant cuiren-
cy, strictly so called.
But it banks do not occasion such excitements,
they, on the other hand, gieatly mitigate the eilecls
of the revulsion that follows We had no banks
m this country in '86, to help the people in their
distress, as the Bank ol England aided and saved
the cotnmeicial community of England in 1825
But let us look a little more closely into the
causes of the late excitement m the moneyed and
commercial interests of this countiy In my
opinion, they have betn too paitially considered,
and we have added to our otht r misfortunes, mutual
reproaclxs, which aie certimlj, (I speak it v. uh the
pio/oundest deference for the veij able persons with
whom I differ,) not all of them well founded
The merchants, as a body, ha\e been censured for
imprudent and profligate speculation They, in
turn, aecuse the Government, of a wanton and
even wicked tampering with the gieat interests of
commerce, which governments seldom touch with-
out doing some mischief Sir, I do not think this
a fit occasion for angry recnmination, and having
been absent during the conflict, to which I allude,
I desue to mingle as little as possible in the pa-,
sions of the past. I mu¡>t say, however, that I in-
cline to believe, mors import-mce has been
attached to the specie circular, in a meie economical
point ot view—I say nothing of its political
character—than it deserves I do not mean
to affirm that it had not its share m adding to
the embarrassments of the money market aftii
the revulsion had begun. But the tide had turn-
ed before That paper was issued here on the
11th oí Jul), 1836 Now, as earh-as the 1st of
.Tulv, the Bank- of England had felt itself con-
tained to pr'opt a course which led to an instant
tail of prices, and ¡his Jail oi prices was in a shoit
time do much as-20 or 30 per cent Mr Horsley
Palmer, m the pamphlet altead} alluded to, admits
the iact, and justifies the proceeding Habes con-
fitentem ream * Now, sir, be pieased to consider
what frightful ha\ocalo"s ol 20 or 30 pel cent,
on 1,500,000 bales of cotton alone, would occasion
m the commercial world, especially  w hen such a
I Ml SS  loneslloyd    f " Minn es of E™h.t re,   Ac in 1832
"The Causes and Consequences of the Picssuie upon the
Money Maiket mux a statement of the action of the Bank of
terrible deficit happens to be accompanied by a con-
traction of bank issues, and great scaicity m the
money market, at a period of prodigious excitement
m every bianch of trade, (for it is then only that con-
tractions are dangerous,) and of speculative in-
vestments in every soit of enterprise The Bank
of England, through its deputy governor, alleges
in justification of its course, that its treasure, which
was just beginning to recover from the dram occa-
sioned by speculations in Spanish and Portuguese
funds, during the year 1834—another phrenry of
the times, that led to a catastrophe which I witnes-
sed m the spring of 1835, and in hmdmoney coun-
tries, too—was again reduced by drafts made upon
it, for various purposes, in America, to the amount
of ¿«2,600,000. Of this amount, ¿£1,200,000 was
borrowed for the Bank of the United States ; the
rest came over to be laid out, na doubt, m ca-
nal and railwaj, or bank stock, or, to supply, as
Mr. Palmer supposes, the vacuum in our circula-
tion, occasioned by the prohibition, in some of the
States, of small notes, or the new demand for gold
consequent upon the change introduced by the gold
bill, in the session of 1835. Sn, as the guardian of
the currency of England, the bank was, no doubt,
on strict principle, justified m pursuing that cau-
tious policy, in imposing a salutary check upon
speculation; but I have very great doubts whether
it did not go too far; and whether its sudden and
rather violent interference with the natural course
of things, has not been attended, in England as
well as in this country, with evil consequences that
might have been avoided, or at least very much
mitigated, had exchanges been left to correct them-
selves, as they have a natural tendency to do. It
is a circumstance worthy of the particular at-
tention of the committee—and I advert to it to
show that nothing can be more unjust than the
charge of profligate speculation made against the
great body of our merchants, (however individuals
may deserve censure,)—that, fiom 1831 until late
in the autumn of 1836, exchange with Europe
never fell below, and was often much above par,
although the apparent balance of trade was, during
that period, steadily and greatly against us Sir,
this singuhr phenomenon is now satisfactorily ex-
plained. We know that it was owing to immense
investments of British capital (much of it, no
doubt, sent over m the shape of goods,) in the
United States, qmte independent of the ordinary
commercial balance. For example, a run iro
made upon the Bank of England, m May, 1832,
during the agitation that accompanied the passing
of the Reform Bill, to the amount of ¿£2,000,000,
which never returned to the bank, and was supposed
to have been hoarded, but which I believe came
hither This citcumstance was, at the time, at-
tributed to a political trick, to prejudice the minds
of the people against the great measure then before
Parliament I have reason, however, to know,
that the panic was by no means feigned , that appre-
hensions of revolution were seriously entertained
by many of the higher classes in England, and, as
the payment of our national debt, and our immense
prosperity, had called the attention of European
capitalists to this country, laige amounts were sent
hither, not only m quest of higher interest, but as
a safer investment than could be made at home ;
for, m the present state of the world, capital will go
abroad, in spite of all the contrivances of Govern-
ment, recommended, 11 egret to say, by Mr. Palmer,
to prevent its seeking more profitable employment
there We know all this now, and we see what
this vast influx of British gold and Bntish credit
had to do with prices and speculation here, but
who saw it then' How was the merchant to know
what was at hand"! That the ground upon which
he stood, oi thought he was standing, covered an
abyss that was so soon to open and swallow him
up; that the scene of most flattering prosperity
which had for five years excited and entranced his
senses, was to vanish like a dream, at the touch of
a foreign power ?
A great many circumstances conspned to keep
England fiom the 1st ol October, M to the 27th of Decern
her, 1830, by  I Hoisley Palmu, I sq    London, 1837
«The fall an pares of almost all (he leading anieles of law
produce, (sugar, coffee, tea, silk, cotton, &c ) from the 1st of
July last, when the late of interest was first advanced, hae no!
been less than from 89 to JO per cent     p 23
up the delusion, and even some which one might
have thought would produce the very opposite ef-
fect. Thus the removal of the deposites, and the
panic and contraction m 1834, consequent upon
that measure, led to further importations of the
precious metals, and accordingly it appears that
there was an accession of nearly twelve millions
of specie in that single year. A metallic basis
was thus formed for the inordinate number of banks
chartered by the State legislatures, to supply the
place of the United States Bank; and still greater
aliment was added to the spirit of speculation, al-
ready excited by the high prices of produce in
England, and the unprecedented demands for the
public lands in the West, by emigration from
abroad. The idea that an excessive circulation
was the sole cause of all the mischief, an idea en-
couraged both by the friends of a national bank,
and by the enemies of all banks, appears to me
entirely fallacious. It is vain to state, as is so
continually done in such discussions, the amount
of currency at one period, and to compare it with
that amount at another, without any reference to the
amount m- the prices of the commodities it has to circu-
late. No sound infeience can be drawn from the
naked fact of such a difference. For instance,
had the price of produce not fallen in the English
market—had the cotton crop been worth 80 or
|90,000,000, instead of being fallen to half the
tormer sum, it is manifest that it would have re-
quired, ceteris paribus, twice the amount of circu-
lation to effect the usual exchanges in it. Not only
so, but in periods of great excitement, it is not
merely the products of our industry that we sell, it
is not simply the annual income of the land, and
labor of the cuuntry, that is exchanged, but the
very soil itself, the whole country, with all that it
contains, is in the market. This, to the extent T#
which it is earned, is a peculiarity of our people.
Sir, I do not mention this as a very prepossessing,
or honorable, trail in our character, I mention it
simply as a fact. We have no local attachments,
geneially speaking, nothing bears thepretium af-
fectionis m our eyes. If an estate, a residence in
town, a country seat, rises a little beyond what we
are accustomed to think its value, it is sold without
any hesi tation Accordingly, there is in such times
a capacity for absorbing an expanded currency in
this country, greater, perhaps, in proportion than
was ever known m any other country. I am of
opinion, therefore, that prices in the United States
were, in general, not relatively much higher than else-
where, during the last two years, except in cases
where, on the usual relation of demand and supply,
it was easy to account for their being so. By far the
greatest amount of speculation, too, no doubt was
carried on in pnvate paper. But of course, as soon
as a fall took place in that great leading staple com-
modity m which we pay our foreign debts, and of
which the value effects that of almost every thing else
in the country, and that, too, to so fearful an amount
as 30 or $40,000,000, the currency became (before
the late contraction) at once redundant. It was
precisely as if property to the value of 3 or
400,000r000 had been swallowed up m the sea, for
it destroyed the income of property to that amount.
From this view of the causes that led to the pre-
sent distress, I do not see what interference can be
drawn from it, unfavorable to the connexion that
has alwa}s subsisted between the Government and
banks It is one of those extraordinary revulsions,
to which the advenluious spirit of commerce will
always be exposed, oiganize your currency as you
will, and take what pains you please to diminish
the sources of excitement. In this Country,
especially, holding out so many temptations to for-
eign capital, so many hopes to enterprise, such
dazzling prizes to fortunate speculation, with a
people distinguished above all others by their in-
telligence, sagacity, activity, and boldness in affairs,
such penods of crisis and convulsion are inevitable,
and no mischiefs which they can possibly do would
be half so bad as the only preventive that would
insure us against their occurrence, the entire ex-
tinction of the spirit that leads to them.
Sir, to the general declamation against banking,
we have to oppose the expeuence of the most pros-
peious nations in the world.   There is a country,
for instance, whose whole currency is of paper, a
where one seldom meets with a piece of gold
