Sept. 1837._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                251
25th CovG....lst «ess.__________________President's Messsage—Mr. Gushing.                                                    H. of Reps.
the Bank of England saw all these things, especi-
ally the crowning act of the Specie cucular, and
perceived that its cash was rapidly flowing out for
exportation to the United States, it very naturally
became alarmed for its own safely, and thereupon
adopted, precipitately and inconsiderately, injudi-
cious measures of self-delence.
C0VDITI0V   OP  OTIIÍ.R   COUNTRIES.
Without dwelling upon these and other pertinent
considerations, I proceed to a part of the Message
which seems to me singularly inaccurate in its
facts and deductions To escape the conclusion
that the existing evils are ascnbable to the acts of
the Government, the President proceeds to say
that "evils, similar to those sitjfeied by ourselves, have
been experienced m Great Britain, on the conti-
nent, and, indeed, throughout the commercial
world. This.I confidently deny. I challenge aty
gentleman to produce proofs of the existence ol
similar evils any where else m the world at the
present time.
What are these evils'? The President produces
no specifications of facts out of Great Britain, and
well he might not, for as the bug-bear of the day is
"banic paper," he could not venture to suggest any
excess of this on the continent of Europe, or among
the semi-barbarian communities ol Asia and
Africa. The commeice of the world is, as it were,
a great lake. The water, disturbed at one point,
is gradually disturbed at every point There can
not fail to be uneasiness m Euiope—nay, m the
remotest India, when the vast commerce of the
United States is shaken to its foundations. I con-
cede to the President, for the sake of a fair view of
the whole case, that recently, very recentlj,
there have been commercial embarrassments
in parts of Europe and Asia. But these em-
barrassments have been limited m scope, and
comparalivc'y trinal in amount, as every mer-
chant ii the United States knows, they have been
the direct consequence of the derangement of our
own trade, to which they have chiefly been con-
fined; and they have not constituted a state of facts
in any degree coi responding to that which now ex-
ists in the United States
Now, for Great Britain. What are the evils,
the "similar evils," existing there1 Are the domes-
tic exchanges m England all m confusion1 Is the
foreign exchange between her and us against her1
Does she owe us a commercial debt which she can not
pa\1 Have her banks universally, orany of them,
suspended cash payments'! Are there any wide-
spread banki upteies among her merchants'! Is the
island flooded with a depreciated, unequal, irre-
deemable paper currency' Has her treasury, in
the space of six months, passed from íedundancy to
insolvency1 Not at all None of these things
have occurred m Gieat Britain. It is a delusion
to imagine it.
But, says the Piesident, " a reference to the
amount" ot paper credit issues in Great Britain,
during the year¿ 1834, 1835, and 1836, "will show
an augmentation of the paper cuirency there, as
much disproportioned to the real wants of trade, as
in the United States." I am constrained, with all
due respect to the President, to sav, lhat such a
reference will not show any such analogy. It is,
however,a remarkable fact, and gentlemen arc
welcome to the benefit of it, that, during the last
few years, there has been a bank controversy m
England, not whoi'y unlike to the contemporane-
ous bank controversy in this countrj, between the
friends of the Bank of England and the friends of
provinc.al banks, wmch has led to the multiplica-
tion of the latter, and has tempted the latter into
errors, somewhat analagous m nature, but nowise
analagous in degree, t-> those committed bv the
banks in some "of the different States of the
Union
But as for " similar evils" m Great Britain, as
compared with the United States, there is no such
thing Commercial embarrassments have been
chiefly in the Amenean trade, and have reached
other departments of business only by the usual
sympathy of all the commercial operations of a
great mart like London. Moneyis at this moment
* drug there. And it is a most extraordinary pro-
position to ¡,peak, as the President does, of there
having been m both countries " nearly the same
ovei whelming caiasfiopfte." The British Govern-
ment will smile at this. With all imaginable gra-
vity and simplicity the Message proceeds to say,
that "The most material difference between the
results in the two countries has only been, that,
with us, theie has also occurred an extensive de-
rangement in the fiscal affairs of the Federal and
State Governments, occasioned by the suspension
of specie payments by the banks " As if he had
said: here are two men equally sick, with only fh'S
material difference, that one has scratched his fin-
ger, and the other is in a collapse of cholera
OBJECTS   FOR CONGRESS
Having thus endeavored, with what success the
committee will judge, to shift from the shoulders of
the administration that " responsibility" for exist-
ing facts which the late President had assumed tor
it in advance, and which it must now be content
to bear, the Message proceeds to designate the ob-
jects calling for our immediate attention, in these
words
" They are, to regulate by law the safe keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public moneys, to designate the funds to be
received and paid bv tbe Government, to enable the Treasury
to meet promptly every demand upon it to prescribe the terms
of indulgence, and the mode of settlement to be adopted, as well
in collecting from individuals the revenue that has accrued as
in withdrawing it finm former depositories, and to devise and
adopt such fuuher measures within the constitutional compe
tency of Congiess, as will be best calculated to revive the entet
prise, and to promote tbe piospentyof the country "
All the objecls specifically mentioned, you per-
ceive, are in aid of the Government. Even the
indulgence to the public debtors is of the same de-
scription, for it is impossible for the merchants and
banks to obtain all at once the requisite cash to
pay tneir bonds and deposites, and todrite them,
is to deprive the Government of the whole debt.
Measures " to revue the entei rinse and to promote
thepro'pentv of the country," are implitdl/ ad-
mitted as things to be considered bt us, but no such
measu es tie specified or recommended
Conscious of the disappointment which the people
must experience when they came to see this, the
President abruptly proceeds to discuss the various
means of carrying on the business of the Treasury,
and incidentally the effects of each upon the com-
meice of the country.
He begins, by alleging that a desire exists among
the people of the United States to separate the fiscal
operations of the Government from those of indivi-
duals or corporations Whether such a separation
is really desirable, whether it be practicable, and,
if so, how to be efteeW, and nn-t the thin^ really
is, I shall consider hereafter m connection with an-
other part of the Message
NATIONAL   BANK   AND   POPULAR   WILL
He the i starts with the proposition that "to cre-
ate a national bank, as a fiscal agent, would be to
disregard the popular will twice solemnly and une-
quivocally expiessed," wh ch will, he considers to
be " deliberately fixed "
Twice, we are told, has the popular wi 1 so-
lemnly condemned a national bank It has done
so, first, in 1811, and a second time, m 1834
Let us examine these two deciees of condemnation
In 1811, Congress refused to renew the chaiter
of the first United Slates Bank The ' popular
will" chose to tn the "experiment" of State banks,
How did the "experiment" work? It commenced
with a great multiplication of banks Between
1791 and 1811, twenty ^ears, tbe peuod of the
existence of the old bank, the number of banks
had increased from 11 to 98, and the amount of
capital from *& 935,000 to $42,610,601 Between
1811 and 1816, five years, banks, increased in
number from 88 to 246, pnd, in capitals, from
$42,613,001 to ^89,822,422 (Ex X>oc 1836-7,
No 65, p 208 The experiment marched on, vith
suspenson of specie piymenk, floods of paper
tiash, tender laws, relief laws, commercial revi-
sions' and all but revolution, in its tram, and
wound up in 1816 with a new bank of thirty-five
in Iku often millions capital
Again The bank of 1791 expired in 1811
The question of renewal was a party question
The renewa1 wis opposed by the democratic íepub-
hean party, and lost in the rlous  by a mijonty of
one vote, and m the Senate by the casting tote of
the Vice President In three years, the Circulating
medium was disordered, the finances deranged,
and the public credit impaired to sjch an extent
tint the very same party, becoming sensible of its
error, came forward magnanimously, and itself
proposed and earned ituough the act chartering
the second Umled States Bank. It was even a
cabinet measure, introduced by the Secretary of
the Treasury, carried twice by a decisive majority
of the democratic party, and finally approved by
Mr Madison Never did any set of public men
make a more solemn recantation of a political
error than thev did, m abjuring their party hostility
to a national bmk. So much for the first con-
demnation
The second experiment is still m the full tide of
success We have gone through its early stages,
in the multiplication of banks, the circulation of a
depreciated and unequal State bank currency, the
suspension of specie payments, and the commer-
cial convulsions which surround us What more
is to come I know not. But I do know that what
has been is no proof of the "popular will." Gluite
the reverse The refusal of the late President to
sign the bill rechartenng the bank, like Ihe removal
of the deposites, was in defiance and violation of
the popular will. The bill of rechirter, passed
by the representatives of the people in both Houses
of Congress, was met by the veto of the Execu-
tive. The removal of the public deposites, disap-
proved in advance by both Houses, condemned
afterwards by vote in one, and in leality by both,
was perpetiated, arbitrarily, without legal autho-
rity, by him, with characteristic contempt of the
popular will as expressed by Congress In a
word, this " experiment," instead of being any
expression of the popular will, was, m despite of
it, foieed upo i the country by the wilfulness, the
unbridled passions, and the personal popularity, of
Andiew Jackson
Besides, th^ pirty m power is a party of person-
il cna'Hion ml i paitv of principles The late
President himself was distinguished, while m of-
fice, by a want of consistent identity of political
principles. In yielding up the bank to his ven-
geance, in ie-e)ectmg him, the people did not sub-
stantiate any thing except their devotion to Gene-
ral Jackson Lea-t of all was it a decision against
a national bank So far as the events of that day
constituted any precise issue, it was not agimst any
b ink, but oily against run bank Gen Jackson
repeatedly recommended a national bank in mes-
sages to Congress
What fixedne s there mav he in this pretended
pipnlpi \t'l', rciiiams tj he proved It depends
upon this Whether men ai e patriots, and capab'e
of acting as such, or whether they will obstinately
persist in eiioi, for the sake of being consistently
wiong To those of tlie men of to-day, nho think
it well to plunge r.i m reckless desperation from
fo'ly to folly, regardless of the good of their coun-
try , lather than to retrace their steps into the right
path, I commend for study the conduct of the men
wnom they profess to reveieasthe ornaments of
fh  democratic faith, from the speech of one of
whom on this tery question—I mean William H.
Crawford—I quote the following
' Sn I had il ■* i)-. th ug it thtit a i mporation wis an aitlfi
ci 1 body, e\.s ins t iv m i omempla ion nflaw bat if v," can
lei tethc r ntm?s ol out demon ttic e 'ttirs m thu e <neat
s a e^ indtlt d i it tuition ot ut public O^cl mier" it exts 9
undi 1 the form of t vety lottl and httctul (tea ', bud ai 1! cuep
in ' thnt^ Itis ahjdii, t is a oerbtrus itji, a sortzon, itis a
/til utc t i0a\tpt * * * S'tall we suffer 0111 iiiiigma
tntiN 11 he ilarmt 1 t 1 on pnlgrpent" to be influence I by taiih
miserable stuiH * * "W y should we at thl  perilous and
moncntou cr^i" abandon awe!' 11 eus\stet , taulty peihaps,
in the detail but sound in ¡ts fun lamcntal principies? Dof a
tie ¡ill le of opnlon terolta the d^ao acqnescmg in th.csj£.
te n of yotit ptlitR tl ooDOnei tsi ( t me tnd v\tth mo sactl
fice your ptifeai* 1 polun tl re^er ment* at h" shrine of poll
ti-il^iol If he 11 bi mule a 010 11 íuory pactifice for the
pi mi no of I c tuibhf wt. fait ht. ^at cr of winch will ascend
to hc-i 11 ti ' i* h°terec rl 1 as an eveilast ng 11 iduice of
jom  Icvott i   t   t tebappmess of y >ur cour tr> "
So much for the condemnation of a national
bank by tbe people If it bati iv ice been put down
by ihem, so bi them it has twice been put up
Can the Piesident, «hen he speaks of "die po-
pular w 11, twice solemnly and unequivocally ex-
pressed," mean to refer, as some have suppi sed, to
the r -election of General Jacl son and the e'ection"
rf himself I wdl not impute so poor an argu-
ment to him.
IT1LITT OP   t   NATIONAL B^«!K
Next, the President pioceeds to argue that a na-
tional bank would not, and could nut, have pre-
