Sept.  1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
25th Cong.....1st Sess.
Postponement of fourth insialment—Mr. William?.
H. of Reps.
because the political jugglers who have ruined the
currency of the nation, lore office more than they
love their country! And the partisan presses of
the day, with an impudence unsurpassed in any
age, are endeavoring to impose upon the intelli-
gence of the community, by placing the whole ca-
tastrophe to the account of over-trading; as if there
was not sagacity enough in the country to investi-
gate the subject, and charge the over-trading to its
true causes. It is true, sir, that the world was not
only mad, but it is a notorious fact that the first symp-
toms of overaction and insanity made their appear-
ance simultaneously with the removal of'fhe public
deposites; and perfect derangement followed Mr.
Secretary Woodbury's circular letter addressed to
the pet banks, requesting and desiring them to dis-
count fieely on the public revenue, it is now uni-
versally believed in the west that all this overac-
tion, insanity, and derangement, is chargeable to
the great experiment; for, sir, about the time your
late President referred in his message to the immense
sales of the western lands as an evidence of the pros-
perity and happiness which had flowed from his ad-
ministration, it did indeed seem as if day had
dawned never to close. Hence the cup of misfor-
tune is doubly bitter.
I am not one of those who believe that the people
ought to be encouraged to look to either the Gene-
ral orState Governments, m the hour of pecuniary
distress, to pay their debts for them ; but, sir, I do
contend that it is a high moral duty, and a delegated
power that belongs to Congress, to provide some cir-
culating medium that would enable the officers of
your Government to manage the finances of the
nation without loss or injury to the Government;
and that can only be done (as the past history of
your country abundantly proves) by giving to'the
people a currency unifotmly good—acurrency that
will pass co-extensively with the Government under
which we live. This Is the relief tha the country
expected; this is the relief that the country wants.
And call you this an unconstitutional measure? It
is as much the duty of Congress to benefit the mer-
cantile interestof ttie country in that incidental way
as it is to give incidental protection to any other
branch of industry.
Mr. Chairman, it is an unfortunate omen for the
liberties of the country that efforts have been made
to crea.le a prejudice and array one class of the com-
munity ag'unst another.   The interest of the fir-
mer and tnat cf the merchant are intimately con-
nected, and no sophistry can separate them ; and all j
attempts of the kind, no matter from what source ¡
they may come, will recoil,sooner or i per, with 1.1-  I
dignation and overwhelming contempt ."pon the au- !
thors of them.                                                           i
Mr. Chairman, much rcOiii~e.seeaisk.be placed,  '
by several or the honorable gentlemen who have  i
addressed the committee, upon the argument ¡hat
has been adduced—Oil', Congress ha5 nopower to
lay taxes in order to raise mor.oy to give to, or to
deposite with, the States.   Thai is an attempt to put
this question upon a false issue.   ]So such doe'rme
has been contended for by any member upon the
floor of Congress.    But, 'sir. when your Geseral
Government iiad collected, by an odious tax, from
the pockets of her citizens, thirty-seven millions oi
dollars, over and above the wants of the Govern-
ment, notwithstanding the wildest and most extrava-
gant appropriations ; because Congress, in order to
stop an unholy struggle that was here waged for
the spoils, ordered the surplus revenue to be depos-
ited with the States, does that authorize the infer-
ence, that, when the   law passed which gave the
means that enabled the Government to make the
deposite, the object with Congress was distribution
among the States ?    By no means.   Thin, sir, the
argument is wholly inapplicable to the subject under
consideration: lor'suppose vou, at this moment, had
in your Treas'uiv thirty millions of dollarscoliecied
by the Government, in anticipation of a war, by a
special direct tax levied with that view, and itsohap-
pens that vou have no war, and you have no use for
the money, it is impossible for you to return to each
man his penny, or shilling, as the case may be; bul
by giving it to the States, the Legislatures, respect
ively. could so dispose of the money thus returned,
that it would be the same m pmciple as if y< u had
returned it to the pockets of those from whom you
had mistakenly and unnecessarily drawn it. Then,
*>r, is it possibie that any gentleman can believe, for
one moment, that such a course would violate the
Constitution, prostrate State rights, and corrupt the
people 1   If so, sir, it would seem to me that but a
poor estimate is placed on the virtue and intelli-
gence of the people—that asimple return of their
own properly, which you had improperly exacted,
would corrupt them. I did hope, sir, that the old
argument of corrupting the people would not have
been revived in the discussion of this queslion. It
would be just as much a violation of an agreement
to withhold the fourth instalment, under the law of
June, 1836, as if it had been a direct and positive
gift to the States; the principle is the same. Thanks
to my political friends who have preceded me in
this debate. I am relieved from the trouble of dis-
cussing this part of the subject.
The mode of reasoning, Mr. Chairman, which
has satisfied rne that the bill under consideration
ought not to pass, is something like this ; cannot the
future expenses of the Government be so curtailed
as to enable it, m addition toitsothernecessary dis-
bursements, to fulfil its obligation or liability topay
over the fourth instalment to the States, and thus
meet the just expectations of the latter; and, ¡n the
end, the liability so created be discharged wi.houf
any additional taxation; as for instance, by issuing
Treasury notes, or by a loan; no matter which, in
this view of f\e subject"!
That thiscan oe done, no gentleman will take upon
himself to deny, unless it is contemplated to keep the
expenses of the Government up to the high-water
mark of thirty odd millions per year. 1 appeal to
this committee to know if it would not he far better
for the country to draw upon the anticipated future
income of the Government, than to disappoint the
States, who have (or at least a portion of them) used
the promised deposite in advance"? For myself, I
do not believe the condition of the Treasury, al-
though it is at present in a pitiable situation, requires,
at the hands of Congress, an abandonment of the
deposite law. If Congress will relinquish their
wild and extravagant mode of appropriations, and
go to work honestly and earnestly to retrench, ms'ead
of annually enlarging the expendiiures of the Gov-
ernment, there will be no neccssily for disappoint-
ing the States. Mav I not eonfidendy appeal to thai
poition of the members of this house, who, when
the expenses of the Government were only thirteen
millions, cried aloud and spared not fov retrench-
ment and reform, to assist in the effort, and let a
searching inquiry be had to ascertain how it is that
these expenses have increased to such an alarming
extent; and see if they cannot be lessened without
detriment to the public gooñ ! Í woi'd be girO. to
know how it has happer.od that wc arc no1
upon tosuspen ! the operation of a ¡tw for the v
of means to comply wi'h it, when, dufr.ulasi in
it was so co O \ ml!" believed Oat there w ceo-"
surplus : ■ i' ' Trr ' --.- c:: Oe 1m of Jorr.aryn
tea* ". mo,i mi w v- ■'".<',.',. x)'' a pi,,v¡-' •" a'!a di,
thefortificaiion OOOatpivriOd Oi
the contemplated surr>-,' Olds-.,-;
o corrupting the poop' '. by se'ireripc
them, that some of the OstinttrOOc i
the ,,'her wmg of the Cipito! were h
the idea, and resisted the a -
tin
.i-tiu
"dread
iY>(
T1CV
rmoncr
IP-'
livid
uals in
en
,!!' Sil
■nek a!
oh per-
1.1 '1
elv the
ce'led
am
sidi
tiiiaeily, that the wbo'e in'l wi.siost.
extravagance and reIsnaanr^nnen! of Op imar-e^s
must have been grea' t -.pro Pice such au unexpected
result; and a Presidential lecture on Governmental
as well as írOiV'tlua' improvidence would have been
quite appropriate. But not one word of c pr.demna-
tion has reached us,aor any recommendation in la vor
of reironchmenl, notwithstanding the acknowledged
distress of the times. Yv*hat has btcome, of the forty
odd millions that were in your Treasury on She 1st
d. y of January last1 lam for applying 'be indi-
vidual lecture given by the President, in hi< message
to the Govern men'; and I am not disposed to arrest
tii  fourth insialment, and thereby assist in p''ao:n5
the means in the powei of the -dmmis'rrtioi to con-
tinue the same mode of ex tro vocalice. I am aware
of the argument that is contended for on the other
that it is folly to create an-tiunal debt, morder
o obtain money to deposite with the Stages for safe-
keeping.    If the >7 ntSemt-n who used the prgumetu
would only recollect that there ,salready a hill upon
your table for that purpose, their dread ofan^tioni-1
debt wouid cease; for come it mii'l, it seems, with
or without the passage of this bill.
It is strange that, only a few months asro. this house
—nay, th'.snation—seemed to be shaken'0 its centre
by the contest that was here waged as 10 what she pk'
be done with the surplus revenue; now, wc are called
upon to create a nationaldebt. and that without any
one condescending to give (to mv mind, at Vast)
any satisfactory reasoa how it has happened. I- that,
too, chargeable to the acconn; oí Govern n, cm al over-
trading' 1"  If so, the adventurous politician  should
be exposed to the American people. I entreat this
comiuim e to pause, and calmly take into considera-
tion the giand scheme of relief as proposed by the
organ? of the President in this house, and ask them-
selves what it is we are called upon to do for the re-
lief of the co mtry 1 First, we are called upon to
postpone, until doomsday, the fourth instalment,
under ¡he deposito law of June 23, 1836; secondly,
togive indulgence on the merchants' bonds; thirdly,
to cut loose the Trep-.urv from all banks, and rush
mío the golden age, and me lie the pockets of youwffi-
cei\- your Trea5.n1 y—which would increase, by the
President's own showing, the already enormous ex-
penses of the Government, sixty thousand dollars
psr year, and. fourthly, (as if conscious that the
measure proposed would produce universal bank-
ruptcy,) a bankrupt law, as a winding-sheet for the
deposite banks, is asked for—an apt and appropriate
provision in the. catalogue of relief proposed by the
Executive. We have come to a beautiful state of
things, tnatyourPiesidentasksyoutodothatwhich
would disgrace an individual to do. I will prove the
assert 1 y,\. If a man, who had heavy dues owing to
hun, would refuse to take any thing but gold and
silver 111 payment, under the present embarrassed
state of things, and u.e the advantage which the
occasion gave him to fatten at the expensa cf his
neighbors, when he had only ashort time beforcde-
elared that the money he was now refusing would
be good, nay, be better than United States Bank
paper, no man would hesnate to pronounce him an
unprincipled scoundrel. Sir, is it possible that what
would disgrace an individual would be right in your
Government 1
But, sir, to my mind, the measure that rises supe-
rior 111 pouit of importance to all others proposes, is
the one that contemplates issuing Treasury notes.
I have felt an anxious wish to vo'e for the bill, for
the reason that! am satisfied some active means are
wanting by the Secretan,- of the Treasury to cany
on the wheels of Government; but, sir, when I 'oak
ai the eoPsprtience.s that may possibly flow from a
Precedent of the kind, I cannot vote lor it.    Iain
constrained to believe that it is designed ultimately
to convert it into a Treasury bank.   1Í not, I ask its
friends why they did not introduce a bid simply to
buriow ¡noncyl   If nothing else is intended but to
raise means on the credit of the Government, why
not call things by their right names'!    If you issue
t"i m.'Ji.Tie of "Treasury notes this session, bearing
■te;esi,  it will be the best of currency, so far as
meivvpUte is concerned; bulhave you anysecurity
that, a: die next ses.-:on. ten millions more will not
be issued, and so on, until the entire circulation, by
which exchange is managed will be m Treasury
'.: .11,'    They v.-,u be good, and much sought alter.
Í1 -.- Js t!; to not fcrejl dpngcrdiat Congress will,
.  in Oe e'tii, ittti'i.ipi "to s'lpoly the p'ace of a United
¡¡•i." 'es Í3c- í'í by large and heavy issues of Treasury,
notes, and in that insidious way lead the people en,
siep by „tep, until a Treasury bank becomes the or-
der of the clay 1 Once get it into full and successful
operafon, and the sun of American liberty, m my
aruoleopuron.hassetforever!   Add to tlie powers
of your President a Treasury bank, and then com-
pare bis powers with those of "the British Queen, and
yon will find (to borrow an expression) your " re-
prblican  simplicity" shocked.   Vou will further
find that the. only difference worthy of notice would
be this: vour President is elected to his station, the
Queen was bom to hers.   Then, sir, surrounded as
this aid ministration is with strong suspicions that a
Treasury bank is one of its desired objects, I, for
o^.p. will not vote for any measure that can by possi-
bility be considered even to squint that way ; "though
it is "not my intention to detain the committee with
my objections, in detail, to a Treasury bankyjpar-
ticn'.arlv after the able and masterly view taken of
that subject by me honorable gentleman from South
Carolina. (Mi   Thompson *)
Onsevcial cccasions,honorab!croembershave 11-
prcssed their hope that we had met here in the spirit
of eeuiovorais . Imnstconfess, cirr umstanced and
situated as,he twe parties are known to be.that I donot
se  the force of the expression compromise. What,
si.! D > you not know that the opinions of the two
contending parties are as far apart as ¡he east is
from the west 1 How, then, are they respectively
to act bat by rearing aloft the banker under which
they sail, and gallantly charging the tanks of their
opponents with the weapons of reason and the past
experience of their country, and indignantly throw-
ing down all the weapons of dishonorable warfare,
such as impugning moiives, and accounting for an
honest difference of opinion on the grounds of wf.
