286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cono....1st Suss.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Fillmore.
Sept. 1837.
H. of Reps.
deliberan'n, that the runts, by trip c mrnon law,
preclude ail inquiry into the consi ieratio i, and
compel the ob''gor to pet'orm his con'ract. This
care shows the reason of the rule, and I sunlit that
it has no applicability here Will gentlemen say
that Congress was surprised into this promise ' that
there was not due deliberation ha I on the subject
or that the congregated wisdom of this nation re-
quires <ucb a m'serable ubteifuge ab th -, ' "justi-
fy to its own ctnsci nee the viohilion of itsp igbteel
faith? Su, was n 't t.ie c mract sufficient!} sol-
emn 1 It is among thp -acred a-ebives of \ t ur na-
tnn. It is or the sime high ind solemn ch ' i tei
w h your tre ties u Mb. foie gn nation*. "V'y, if
j o Mile, sir, i is still higher, md more ob'.gatory
upon the nation A trettv 'S onlv «anc'ioned by
tl'e Piesident and Stint- Th s, si-, has been seal-
e 1 with the na 10 al honor, and attes ed by the na-
tional faith of bi h blanches of Oon<npsS and t>>e
Execu e, and you may cill it i o itrat*, compact,
or ""s,i isciea'ly ap'oiiiiw b, l'iü natirn, in the
most s lemn for^i thd' a. piomise ea" V mide
Sir, hate gentlemen who are n fu oi of thi, bill
duly r fiect°d upo t its muiie ml cm sejuoii o1
Hate ih \ du'v Gtrisilerecl Ihe iiJoe ot 0,> n itional
honor' Would an\ one dare lo uifk" aoioposi-
tion to bteak oui iv'iom! fanh, li it h d been pip Is,-
ea to a loreign i iwer, as has le-n t > th • s <
eral States of tbr -'mon' I trust -r t Th n sir,
is the obligation lots sacred lo the v< < cms S'ptes < i
this Confed^>-ac\, cicoiallv wl en made lor the
benefit of the peor themsehes, in reference to
their own m \ ' I h ipe nou But, sir, it we
violate our phrhted faith he> >, may we not do it in
other cases' Your pei.s'on hw-, pa sc I for tie
jehefof the war-'^ in \etei,in and hai Iv imriner,
promise to those mdiv du. K a mere giatuny. Ii is
the bounty which . gon rou-. nation b stows upon
its brave defenders Bit it • is no dements o' a
pecuniary contrae! The " i no ni'i i tt|irocii>
m those tases, as in tli^, lo constim c a contract
No promise oí servic s req rid from the pr nsion-
er, as a qmú pío <¡uo A the hi iintv winch \ou be-
stow But in thic case \oti has repined and le-
ceived the phffhted iaitb of ihe Sta'e of New Yoik
to receive the morie^, keep it s re'y and repay it
in certain proporti ms Would my r . in1 ei of this
hou'e have Ibe h.'idf'ood to piopo'e a lull to utth-
hold thepa\ment of thes^ pensions and dipn as-
sign as a reason that Ihcic isrioia'i' conliaci for
paving them' I piesu  not Sir, tin re is some-
thing of mo c \aluo lo o t .tton th in iwn't, It is
untarnished bon n—mil .okon !d'th. Ti ■ ■, should
I e as spolVss as f< m \< i h.istiti
1 due f U     ( ji n i o i \\( in i\  1*, au
VVi  All   llkl   Ml.    I   Ht.Lt I 11  s     I    I millc    '
Th" reason why ei c ry pr n use sh mid bi pciloim-
ed i-., that it has > use' \, ce unions wl ich «n jus-
tice ought nut lo b- tiisjppoinled The wlm'e
business of life is an en I ess chain ot c mfidence
growing out of the e pn mists, expie-s oi impi.ed.
And frequently the bieikmiof one link sundeisa
thousand.
------' \\ In   \íTiuk)n!   ti)lvi\
7  ntli or le i   ! > Kiinlth  bit i\m t' t (Ii^ni ltli\G
Ltokat its «ftcci , in this ease, upon the Mu_>le
Slate of New York. That *5iate, relying upon the
plighted faith of th • nation, ha-. gone en and agreed
to loan out all this monc j to citvens th uvghout the
Slate, giving to eadi 'own and ward then 'atable
«ropor'm i RontK aid moi gage- h">\e been tal ci
ter ihe whole ame .nt n (' the tln"c (oui hs n|i h
has been received by the Stile fiom (Ins Govern-
ment, has been pa,d oi ei to the bon >v ers nm
pio m ts in *he <h ip> ol crt^eate gnen t p-j
oicrthe remain ng foutth en the 1st of O tikr
The S ve 1 ""s rel e 1 uo m the | romist s of d>is rim
ernmert fo t' e mone' to pa' the^c citifrit"s
Jio, , mi\ n'd's tic i onei tan be raised m ^me
oihei vv \ 1} the ot t«', 'i is be wi'hhehi, ad th< se
numerous toirou ei niiw i c ti sappr mted Tho c
who ha% e strugi'leti now da\ to d n, and from w eek
to week, to Lear up efainst th> piessnip of th"
t me5, until they could obtain t''is piltai.ee nf rel ef,
a'-e to sfk down m ntt< r despau
But, sir, what is Ihe e'ifTe rene bet^'ecn th  from
ise on the parl °f the State to loan th s money fo
indiwduals, and the promise on the part of this
Cfovensment to deposite this money w ith the S«'il j '
A depo-he is a loan, and the peison wnh v hom the
deposi'e is made becomes Ihe borrow ei, liable to ¡e-
pay tne money according to the terms agr ed. This
Government, then, bas agreed to 'oan the money
to the Slate of New York , and has taken the bond
and mortgage of that State, in the shape of a
solemn act of its Legislature, to repay it on cer-
tain terms. The Slate has agreed to loar the
ship sum to individuals, and has taken Ihe r
bmds and mortgages for the rep?yment of the
same. Then, if this Government can be justified
in breaking this agreement, much more will ihe
State of New York be justified m tV breach of the
agreement to the individual bonowers The State
may not only plead the high example of this nation
m the breach of its promise, but may urge, with
per'ect justice, that the breach of faith In the Unit-
ed Slates, on which the Stale had unfoit mately
relied, had presented the State from fulfi'l ng ,ls
engagement  Will any of mv colleacues who now
ri'ge a brench of faith on 'he part of the United
S'ltes, m withholding th s i sialmen*, s-y that 1} ey
believe ihe State of New Yoik will be puilty of a
simila' breach to Ihe borrowers of this money' I
know they will not stim her honor b\ such an in-
sinuation Then bow can th v justify thenwhes
to tl ei' G-o I or their coimtn , in lending then t ote*
oí ' ieir voices to tlishonoi this n ilion m such a
manner as wou'd be regarded a leproach and
d sgrace to the Sfate in which we live' 1 hope
gentlemen will pause and reflect before they finally
act.
But, sir, one of tm colleagues (Mr. Parker) has
attempted to justify this breach of faith on the pait
of th s Government, by saying that the Slates of
New York would «suu-ainno damage, because there
w i« a large amount of monev belonging lo the
canal-fund of that State, now on deposite in the
banl s, diawing an mtPre-.lto the St„tc of onlv r ur
t r five per cent , and this .none} 01111' 1 ie taken t>
make up the fourth ínstalmer' ot the loans to indi-
viduals, which would thereby be invested on in-
terest at seven nei cent, and the State, instead "r
being a loser, would be a gainer of two or three pa
cent jier annum on this money Sit, this is not a
question of damages. It is a question of national
I mor It is a question of national faith. Can'ou
measure the value of these fcy the base standard of
dollars and cents'
Bui, sir, if this statement be tr -e, 'hat this im-
mense Ire'-suie belonging lo the cv'.il-'und 111 our
S'a'o has been lo> -ears loaned 10 the banks , four
01 five jier ee> t in'eres , when i< tn'd hi e been
1 Tied 10 the pc iplt tn bond and noriev e al s< ven
j pr cent , then it does not leflec1 much < led t upoi
the limncul skill ol tho e 111 our own Stale who
hate had charge of th's fund Bu', leaving (hem
to the lender meicu-s i'fiheir fuen1' ipon (his floor,
let us see whether my colleague is comet m his
mfeienecs ll his reasomng be correct, the n'ro'c
sum that has been deposited with the S'ates has
been an mjiirv instead of a benefit This must ap-
pear a strange paradox indeed. The State nad it
from the United States without mtei-sf, -<nd loaned
it out at seven per cent, thereby rrnliing annosll-
upon the whole sum of $5,352,604 the no Ipss sum
than £)374,688 5-!, being nearlv ft m limes as much
as is annually distiibnted from the Stale tteasnrv
for the support oí common schools 111 traf great
Stiie, where ab it 500,000 ehillren ?v annuallv
eduepted I think my 1 onorable colli ague, on re-
vi-wing his calculation, will see that be has made
a slight mis'ake in arming at this resilt, and that
it is somewhat hnter to have money I r nothing,
i>ai  to pi\ e\en fom 01 fi'e ív-r cent foi it
Bui, su, il my colleai'iie (Mr Ft 4ei) is right m
tli' constiuction which be Fives to the deposite <-et
of 1P36, then it is equally cleai thai m no event is
this mone}, if once tit posited w nil the £> ,t(es, to be
ic->< id again to ihe Gencial Go\em np 1. I believe
ih«t no one ever expected it would b  reca'led.
The monev was deemed ihe proptrtj of Ihe ci i/ens
of the several States It had been collected from
them in 'he 'hape of duties, or was the a-ads of the
public fands In either case, if not wanted for the
uses of the Government, it was deemed just to le-
t rn it to the peopte, to whom it belonged. To
avoid constitutional objections, the law by which
this return was made was christened " « deposite
act," instead of a " distribution act." But, sir, I ¡
care not what form or shape it assumes. Do justice '
—restore the money to whom it belongs; and let it
be appropnated to the sacred object of education—
an oDject dear to the heart of every patriot. If we
use due economy here, our revenue is abundant.
If it is to be squandered, the less there is, the better
for the people
Let my colleagues who believe in the infallibility
of the Argus listen to an extract which I will read
fiom that paper, and then vote against this bill.
Remember that tins extract is the honest, unbiased
opinion of that oracle of wisde^m, in view of an ex-
hausted Treasury, before parly prejudice began to
operate.    It is as follows:
' A rtin^il) for aiysneh contingency n>aj be provided by
C n°ifss, bv an 'ssue oí Tieapuiy n tcp, or eome other expe-
lí tUMeasuu1 tin' would be less objectionable thun ally in
tujeirnc  inlh the anan&ements made vtth the Slates for
the d bpo^ tiun of theüuiplu-i "
Sir, we are told that this bill should pass, because
there is no money m the Treasury lomake the pay-
ment This, then, sir, is a distinct admission that
vour Treasury is bankrupt Yts, sir in less than
one short year fiom the time this Government,
through all its official organs and its hundred press-
es, was boasting of its wealth and prosperity, with
pu (wrflowmg Tieasury and no national debt, it
rjw comes like an humble suppliant to the Repre-
sentatives ot the people, and says .t is bankrupt
and cannot pay If the Treasury be empty, why
pass this law? Will it withhold what you hav«
not got' Will it postpone what does not exist?
Our legislation seems to be a work of supereroga-
tion. It is making laws for a non-entity. But
some say we should pass the law as a direction to
the Secrt-taiy of the Treasuiy. Why pass it for
him ' He is not bound to lurnish the money if it
docs not ca st. His duty is thschaiged if he pajs
11 overwbxn we provide n Bu!,st, wehavepass-
ed one law, dts muly appropriating this identical
money then in ihe Tieasury to this object, and
directing him to pav it over. Why has he not
obeyed that law, and kept the money to be applied
to ttns object? He had no authonly to take this
and apply it to any other puipose. The act was
imperativ-, that the identical money m the Trea-
sury on the first day of January last should be de-
posited with the Slates I think, sir, instead of at-
tempting to legilize this breach of trust on the part
of the Secretai y in using this money, not only with-
out law, but against 'aw, we had bet'er msiitme an
inquiry 1 no his conduct for lading his hands upon
this idciul tieastue, and see iHie has any justifica-
tion
But >s the pretcr e me, t iat Ihe money 13 not in
the Ticasui v 7 This see r-s to be a difficult ques-
tion to answer. I shall not venture into thatlabv-
milli 01 mysteries—the Secretary's report. The
bewi'dei e d senses and contradictory reports of those
who have attempie 1 to pass thro.tgh its intricate
windings and involutions, admonish me to beware
how I venture No two hai.e been able to agree as
to what they saw there Some sawtrea uie, others
sa\ rolling but "confus.on woise confounded;"
and .11 this state of doubt and uncertainty it be-
comes ns to inqune if there be no collateial aid, by
the light ot which tne mysteries of this report may
be umaielled. In the absence of positive proof,
let us lot k at probabilities. The last Administra-
tion professed to be one ot " 1 eh enchmcnl and
nfoim;" and the present Executive has declared
that he intends " to follow in the footsteps of his
illustrious predecessor." We have, therefore, a
ricbt to expect, and the peop1e did expect, economy
in both. Haie they been deceived' Has this
"promise been made to 'he ear and broken to the
hope'' Have the.se profession , that eleiated the
present dvnasty to power, been hollow and hypocrit-
ical' Let us look al the facls, and see how the
milter stands, if the Treasury be now bankrupt, as
is alleged bv those in this house who support the
Aditimistiat on.
From a careful exammition of the expenses of
this Government foi twelve years, that is, from
1819 to 1833, exclusive of the national debl, I find
that they averaged about $13,000,000 per year. I
give them in tabular form as follows, from the best
estimates I can make
