S ept. 1837.
APPEKDIX^O THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mj
25th Cons.....1st Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Fillmore.
H. oflteps.
Year
Expense? of
Government
Whole amo't
for 4 years.
Aveiage per
year.
Whose ad-
ministration.
1823
1823
jaii
1823
S';,534,394 00
9,784,151 59
10,328 111 71
11,499,459 94
«38.137,150 33
«9,534,287 58
Mr. Monroe.
1826
1327
lfñti
liS
13032,316 27
lá'653.095 65
Id 233 011 On
12,059,490 6'2
51,670,943 54
12,917,735 88
-
Mr Adams
1830
1*31
1S3J
1333
13,229,533 3?.
13,861,067 90
16 516,388 77
22 713,355 I]
03,323,745 11
16,580,936 2S
Oen. Jackson •
Averaga expenditure for the whole twelve years, 8)3,010,-
KB 25.                                                  .                 '
Now, sir, let us see what money lias been received
into the Treasury since the 1st day of January,
1335, and then we may form sonic conjecture
whether there is any there now ; or, at all events,
we and the People may know whether this and the
lust Administration have been economical in ¡he
use of the People's money, or whether they have
squandered it with a profusion .and extravagance
never before equalled.
There vas received into the Treasury, during
the years 1835 and 1836, together with what (here
was in the   Treasury on tha 1st day of January,
1835,  -------------------
And   during the   first  halof  the
present year        -
And, if we estimate the receipts
of the present quarter, ending on
the 1st of October, at one-lhird of
those for the first half of the pre-
sent year, they are      -       -       -      4,562,394 00
1,461,942 Ü4
13,687,182 00
Miking a tolal amount of       - $106,711,518 04
De luct from this the amount de-
posited with the Slates, being the
first three instalments  -    ' -       -    28,101,644 90
And it leaves no less than - §78,609,863 05
applicable to the ordinary expenses of Government,
which has been poured into your Treasury within
two years and three-fourths, averaging nearly
$29,000,000 per year. Where is it, sir? The
empty vaults of your Treasury echo, Where? I
will tell yon, sir, where it is. It has been wasted,
squandered, and profusely lavi-hed upon party fa-
vorites and parasites; and the people, from whose
hard earnings you collected it, are now to be cheat-
ed out of it. Sir, the people will look m!o this
matter. They will scrutinize this unparalleled pro-
fligacy of their public servants; and, m making up
their minds, they will not forget that all these ex-
travagancies have been the biiter fruits of an Ad-
minis'ration having a large majority in bolh houses
of Congres;, and constantly uttei ing the hypocritical
cry of " reli enchneni and reform ,"
Sir, there is one more proof that the money ^ in
the Treasury, notwithstanding we are told it is not,
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, (Mr. Cambreleng,) which I hope will be
entirely satisfactory to him and the Administration
members of this committee ; and that is, the state-
ment of the President himself in his message. I
will read it.
'•There are now in the Treasury 89,367,214 directed by the
act of 23d of June, 1836, to be deposited with the Sia'emn Oc-
tober next
These, sir, are the words of the message itself.
To those who credit the veracity of their author, I
hope they will be. satisfactory. They are loo ex-
plicit to admit of doubt or to require comment.
But, sir, my chief objection to this and all the
other mea-uves recommended in the President's
messige, and proposed by the Committee, of Ways
and Means, is, that they hold out no prospect of
permanent relief to the country. True, sir, the
issuing of Treasury notes, en which you are to bor-
row money to replenish your exhausted Treasurv,
may afford a little temporary relief to those who
owe the Government, and indirectly to the commu-
nity; and the extension of time for the payment of
the merchants' bonds to the Government will afford
present relief to that class of citizens, or enable
them " to put off the evil day" a little longer.   But
these are mere expedients, temporary and partial
in their operation, and do not reach the seat of the
disease that now afflicts the body politic. That dis-
ease, sir, had its origin in the derangement of our
currency;. and that derangement, in my opinion,
was produced by the unwise conduct of this Gov-
ernment. I will not charge this Administration
with a design to bring all these evils upon us. Bin'
I do" charge them with an unholy ambition, that
grasped at power, regardless of the means by which
it was attained; with a war upon the United Stales
Bank, for political effect; and with enlisting am!
arraying against that institutun all the feelings of
rivalry and avarice on the part of the State banks,
and of jealousy and distrust on the part of the peo-
ple ; and that a consequence of this war has been,
all the evils of over-banking, over-hading, and ru-
inous find gambling speculation described in the
message, and the final depreciation and derange-
ment of our currency, and the bankruptcy of ihe
Government and the people.
Let me not be misunderstood in what T am shout
to say. I have never been a particularfuen I of the
United Slates Bank. I regard it as I do all oilier
banks, as a necessary e.-;!. I have never been its
advocate, and am not now. It has gone down to
'' the tomb of the Capnlots;" let it rest in peace.
Ami 1 should have great doubts of the expedi.mc\
of establishing a new United Slates Bank at this
time, for the relief of the community. I fear that
an attempt lo put it in operation would rather ag-
gravate than mitigate our sufferings. But on this
point it is not necessary to express an opinion. I
only allude to it, to prevent any improper inference,
and that the committee may understand that all I
have to say of the United Stales Bank is as matter
of history, and not of opinion as to its expediency
or usefulness at this time. Times have essentially
changed ; find what might have beci proper or use-
ful then, i.i'u b" wholly impro-rr or ut-eless now.
Then, such a bank, with the confidence of ¡he Gov-
ernment and people, might be useful in regulating
the currency. Since ihe war upon that institution-,
banks have multiplied beyond all former example.
To add another at this time, and collect together the
requisite specie to put it in operation, would, I fear,
add greatly to our present embarrassment. People
must learn from actual suffering that it is much
more easy to tear down than to bnild up, to destroy
than to create, and to derange than to restore. Ig-
norance and folly may accomplish the, oae; wis-
dom, prudence, and t'tne can alone perform the
other.
But, sir, I said I was opposed to these measure?
because they promised no permanent relief to the
country. Why has ihe President, after witnessing
the sufferings of this community—afier calling us
together, as every one supposed, to propose some
measure of relief—turned thus coldly away, with-
out recommending any ihing to restore a uniform
currency 1 Are the pravers, and tears, and groans,
of a whole nation, suffering all the horrors of i n-
pendmg bankruptcy, not worthy of his consider-
ation ? Are members o'" the Administration pre-
pared to Mum and look their constituents in the
face, without making one effoit for ihe relief of
the country'? We of Ihe minority can do nothing.
We are powerless. But you have all power. Then
why not exert it to bring back the days of pros-
perity and smishine that existed bcfcie this fa'al
w,ir upon the currency, and commerce, and busi-
ness of our country.
Sir, do the President, and tho-e who support him,
expect to find a jusffication fur the apiihy tiny
manifest towards a suffering country, by chargm?
all oif,- d.stresses to the follies and extravagance
of the community, and by carefully conceahne
e-verv thing which shows that ihosc vcrv fdhes
and that vny extravigar.ee, which are held up ii.r
univer-al reprobation ¡a the President's message,
had their orig.n in tic wickedness or folly of this
Government? So it would seem. The Presidei t,
after adverting to the distresses and embarrassment.-,
of the country, in h;s messaae, says :
'•The hit'nrv of trade in the I'micd ,""aie.~ for fhe last three
or four "i ars affords t1 e most convi.idr? evidence (hit mir pre-
sent condition i= chleftv (o be attnbmed to ocrr-nc'ion i,. all the
department-, of business; and over-aitior dnivine. pr-iluf ?, its
first impulse from antecedent causes, but sli.mi.aled to us
destructive consequences by excessive issues of baiií paper,
and by other facilities for die acquisition and enlargement of
credit "'                                      -                                            ,
Sir, 1 agree with him, that excessive i-isu'es of
bank -paper have stimulated' to destructive con-
sequences. Of this fact there can be no doubt;
and it is a precious confession from the head of.
that party, that, for years past, has wielded the
legislative power of this nation, and also the legis-
lative power of most of the States in this Union,
and constantly charged their opponents with being
the bank party. I say, sir, this is a precious con-
fession from the head of that party, that banks
have been multiplied by this no-bank party, until
their " excessive issues "have produced destructive
consequences." But, sir, if it were dec irons to
the Chic*' Magistrate, 1 would ask- if ever such
shameless hypocrisy, when exposed, was met by
such unblushing im^dence.
Iiiii, sir, what are those " antecedent causes" that
gave the "first impúlselo this over-action,?" Why
are they conce'.ilud from the people? They are
the trie causes of all our sufferings ; and, sir, let
me tell you, tint they had their origin in the war
against the UnitedtStates Bank. That was lo beput
down ; and, to effect that object, and reward the
pure patriotism of this no-bank party, n;w State
banks were chartered. Let us look at facts. In
1830, ail the banks in the United Slates were
only 3:20. They have been increased in seven
years to 677, and 146 branches, making in all 823
banks!
The   capital   of  all    the   banks
(January 1, 1830,) was  -       - $145,192,268
It has been increased m seven years
to   -----       -    378,719,168,
Add to this the $40,000,000 of surplus revenue
that has been bestowed on the pet banks since 1833,
whrn the deposites were re.noved from the United
State-- Bank, and you have the antecedent causes
Hint sÜt.'itiía.Vi' lo that ov:r-.iciio.i, and those destruc-
tive cons..i[ucnces, mentioned by the President. And
all Ihese, sir, are chiefly chargeable to the dominant
party in these United States. They removed Ihese
df posiles without law, and gave them to the pet
banks. They invited these pet banks to extend
their accommodations. They have created nearly
three times as much banking capital in the United
States, since General Jackson came into office, as
all that existed before. Yes, sir, as strange as it
may appear, this no-bant, parly, that has for seven
years cried out against the bank monster, until the
people trembled for their liberties, have, within
the same time, created nearly three nines as much
bank capital as all that existed in the United States
before. Was there ever such unparalleled hy-
pocrisy? „
But, sir, this war against the Un'ited States Bank,
sot up for political effect, regardless of the peace
of society or the ¡merest* of ihe country, was mads
lo unite ihe extremes of society. The more intelli-
gent of the middle class never engaged in it; or were
drawn into it, from political associations, with re-
luctance. It was really a war of the State banks
against the United States Bank, got up by artful
politicians to elevate Mr. Van Buren to Ihe pre-
sidency. They tempted the cupidity of ihe thou-
sand officers and stockholders interested m these
banks, wuh ihe bribe of the public deposites, and the
prospect o-' destroying a hated rival ¡hat kept them,
in check, and loaned money at six per cem. It
was a Shyluck feeling of ¿varice and revenge. On
the oilier hand, all the affiliated presses connected
w/d; State banks cried out againtt the monster,
until the more i>n«ir-nt part of ihe community
ihorght their liberties in danger, and joined the
stroner tank party against the weaker, lo put dewn
the United Slates Bank. Having effected this., and
brought the country to the verge of ruin, and over-
whelmed these State banks with infamy and dis-
grace, is n strange ilmt ihesame'unprincipled course
should be puisu'ed against them, that has been pur-
sued >> gainst the United States Bank? Jt is what
they had a right to expect. It is but "commed
ing the poisoned chal'cc to their own lips." We
m?.v pitv their folly ; we may' condemn the heait-
less perfidy that fií-'t seduced them from their duty,
and prostituted them to the vilest purposes of part-
isan warfare, until their infamy has rende red them
useless, and now casts them aside ; but we ca-ino?
