Oct. 183?.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%9&
25th Cong.....1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Calhoun.
H. of Reps.
cessful statesmen have been those who, iu their fi-
nancial systems, have drawn most extensively upon
the resources and experience of men of practical
business.
The mingling of matters of business and of finan-
cial institutions with partisan politics I look upon
as the curse—the very evil genius of our country.
It is this which lies at the í>ottom of all our troubles
and distresses as a people, and *hich causes the ad-
ministration of the Government to be so loudly and
emphatically complained against. So long as the
poiiticans continue to drag the business of the coun-
try within the vortex of politics, and to make it
tributary to their own personal aggrandizement, to
their own unpatriotic objects, so long will derange-
ment and distraction reign in both.
We were yesterday asked quite imposingly by the
gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Hunter,) why not
carry that system of analysis and induction into fi-
nance which has been brought to bear so succesful-
ly upon science generally 1 I have given, I think,
the true answer: finance is essentially practical; in
all its operations analysis and induction are necessa-
rily and incessantly at work.
"With such views, I find no difficulty in determin-
ing where to look for guidance and direction in all
questions connected with currency and business.
There is no safety but in the lessons of past experi-
ence. And what is the voice which the experience
of our country utters upon this important subject 1
If we examine our past history, we shall find that
our financial system has, for the most part, uniform-
ly worked weli, and that nearly all our derangements
and embarrassments have arisen from the obtt usive
interference of politics and politicians. Legislation
has always been necesary in order to give the coun-
try a suitable currency. When this has been effect-
ed, and the currency has been suffered to take its
own course, and to be regulated by the usages and
laws of trade practically established and always un-
derstood by business men, nothing has ever in'¿.-
fered with or interrupted the steady progress of both
currency and business, but some event, rarely oc-
curring, extraordinary in its character, and over-
whelming and controlling in its influence. In the
conflicts of our neutrality with foreign aggression
in the restrictions upon our commerce, and in the
measure of war, which form a part of our past his-
tory, we find examples of such events. Aside from
these, our prosperity has been uniform, except when
checked by occasional and short-lived overaction.
This latter is a state of things not of very frequent
occurrence, which.usually subsides vapidly under
the unfailing opeiations of the laws of trade and the
principles of a just political economy. With these
exceptions, I repeat -he important lesson derived
from our past experience, that all our troubles and
annoyances have originated in the unhallowed con-
nexion of politics and business, for purpose.- of mo-
mentary triumph to ihe former, and with disaster to
the latter.
We come to the great question wiiich runs Ih.ough
the discussion of all the measures proposed to us at
this extraordinary session. Whai is the cctvse of
the embarrassments which have now so ion  «lilt-
ed the country 1
We are told by the President, in his recent mes-
sage, that the true cause is overaction. I object to
this position, that, instead of being the pssigr.ment
of a cause, it is simply a statement of the fact m an-
other form. The country has suffered, and is still
suffering, from overaction; that is, from overtrading
and overspsculating. And the only question which
can sensibly be asked or answered is, what has
caused this overaction; to what is it attributable?
Are we to seek its origin in the abandonment of
those wholesome laws of trade, to which I have al-
ready referred, by the practical and sagacious busi-
ness-men of the community, or is it to be found in
the measures of the administration affecting the na-
tional currency 1 What induced the hordes of anx-
ious speculators to precipitate themselves upon the
great public domain of the west 1 What induced
another class of adventurers to take advantage of
the boon proposed by the Government in the extra-
ordinary, and, in some cases, most indecorous and
servile saramble for the public money t What in-
duced the unusual increase of banks, on a sudden,
?>Vl  U Majice of that cau,tiou,s poliey whieji had
so long characterized the country in the asking and
granting of bank charters 1 What induced the gen-
eral rush into the business of trade and commerce,
and the undue importation of foreign commodities 1
What induced the anomaly which we have all wit-
nessed and wondered at—an extravagant demand
for every thing, at extravagantly high priees, and
money at the highest and most ruinous rates ?
Unless the true cause can be ascertained for the
evils which have so long disturbed the prosperity
and deranged the business of the country, it is ob-
vious thai those evils cannot be remedied effectually
and permanently. If simple overtrading be the
cause, that has not vmfrequently occurred, and has
al ways readily yielded to the suggestions of prudence
and ordinary sagacity. Indeed, overtrading never
causes more than temporary embarrassment. If
nothing affected our general system now but mere
overtrading; if our financial'system were not radi-
cally and deeply disordered, the discontents and dis-
tresses of the country would long ere this have pass-
ed away. No one has the assurance to assert a pre-
tension of this kind.
Under the operation of abad, disjointed, dislocat-
ed financial system, permanent pospenty cannot
revisit the country. An apposite illustration of what
I deem to be the truths now laid down may be seen
in the present condition of England, to which refer-
ence is made in the President's message.
The President looks upon the state of things as
substantially the same in both countries. "The
causes of the revulsion in both countries have been
substantially the same." Such is the language of
the message. Sut, by a singular fatality, the Pre-
sident ventures to express a truth, within the com-
pass of the same paragraph, which sffectually over-
tarns the fancied analogy in the causes of the revul-
sion in the two countries. " The most material dif-
ference," (I quote the words of the message,) " be-
tween the results in the twojeountries has only been,
that with us there has also occurred an extensive
derangement in the fiscal affairs of the Federal and
State Governments, occasioned by the suspension
of specie payment by the banks." Why did not
the President carry his thoughts one step farther;
why did he not see that the causes which led to this
suspension of specie payment, tiiereby producing the
acknowledged "derangement in the fiscal affairs"
of this country, constitute absolutely the whole that
is material to the subject, and the whole difference
between the revulsion here and thai in England 1
The monetary system in England has not, as a sys-
tem, been affected at all. Here the monetary sys-
tem hasbei n changed entirely. Cr rather, to speak
more accurately, here we have been shifted from
one system to another—upon the explosion of one
erpe,\ment, tetiking ourselves to another—until we
have at last arrived at the proportion immediately
bif'te u/3, the sub-treasury or divorce bill, under
which we are to dispense with all system. This is
.'"<; '.xiore us as the great theorem or
i"ii u.nes.
r.v/uls-iori in Sngland and in our own
i mi, as supposed by the President,
the same, how happens it that whilst
!■.:• was h'isi'ru i'l icnriing his message, the revai-
s-on ¡n E.iglanl should have subsided, and busi-
ness have resumed Us place? That such is the fact,
all accounts now agree. And no well-informed
person can hes.tate as to the cause of the embar-
rassments in England, growing, as they notoriously
did, out of ¡he connexion with American trade. The
President indeed avers in the message " that the is-
sues of paper credits put in circulation in England ¡
bv hanks and in other ways during the years 1834,
1835, and 1836, will show an augmentation of the
paper currency there, as much disproporlioned to
the real wants of trade as in the United States."
But the President gives no authority for this opinion.
And it conflicts most glaringly with official, and
therefore authentic, statements, furnished by the
Bank of England, and by all the other banks, of
every description, upon this subject. Prom the«e
statements, it appears that the whole amount of cu-
culation of the kind referred to in the year 1834 was
¿£23,568,000; in 1835, 423,519,000; and in 1836,
¿£28,875,000; showing an increase of circulation,
in the three years designated by the President, of
only a little oyer three hwnini thousand pmnds;
what
F
issue
t .
0*'
conn.
:'v
SilJSI
11!
whilst, in this country, within the same period, the
bills in circulation had increased forty-five millions ;
and the loans one hundred and tliirly-fonr millions.
The difference thus strongly marked between the
two countries arises fiom the fact already stated; a
fact which cannot be too often repeated—that in
England the financial system has not been affected
as a whole ; whilst in this country the financia! sys-
tem has bees absolutely overturned. And hence
has arisen the difference in the results between the
remedies applied in the two countries. If we apply
to a disordered and revolutionized currency a rem-
edy, as suggested by the President, applicable only
to a s'ate of overaction, it will turn oat to be ineffi-
cacious. We already see that such a remedy is ut-
terly inefficient. The disorder remains. Tiie taint
is upon us. How can successful business be re-
sumed without a sound currency and a healthful sys-
tem of exchanges? How can the country go on
without the vigor of a permanent and accredited
financial system ?
The causes of the embarrassments of the country
do then force themselves upon us in a way not to be
resisted. They are written all around us in sun-
beams. They are neither to be evaded "nor escaped
from. They are impressed upon the country in
broad lines from end to end. Every man of busi-
ness in the land bears the marks of them. At morn-
ing, noon, and night, when we lie down and when
we rise op, they are ever and most disastrously pres-
ent to us. _ They are distinctly traceable to the
change, to the entire revolution, of which I have
spoken, in our financial system. The bankruptcy
of the Government the bankruptcy of the country,
lie at the door of the politicians, who, for their
own sinister and selfish purposes, have brought
that system, the currency and the business of the
country, into the arena of political war/are. Here,
in my estimation, is the root of the evil.
Look back at the experience of our past history,
to which I have heretofore adverted, constituting the
trui. test, in a special manner, of all financial changes.
What do we learn in the pages that immediately
precede those winch are to record this new theorem
of modern times, this entire disruption and scatter-
ing of a currency which had carried the country
along successful!^ and prosperously. I ask you,
Mr. Chairman, to look back at the period of twelve
years which preceded the late Administration, com-
prising the whole time of service, of President Mon-
roe, and that of my venerabl" colleaeue, (Mr.
Adams.) hi me year 1816, there were /too hundred
and forty-six banks, with a cajiital of nearly ninety
mil/ions of dollars, and a circulation of about sixty-
eight millions, in 1820, th°re were 308 banks, with
a capital, including ihe United States Bank, of one
hundred and thirij-seven millions. In 1830, there
weie three .t,ndreil ¡¡r.d thirty banks, with a capital
of one hundred and forty-five mi!l'"is, and a circula-
tion of sixty-one millions. During the whole penod,
then, from 1816 to 1830, being fourteen years, then-
was an increase of eighty-four banks, with an in-
crease of fifty-jive millions of capital; of which thirty-
five millions belonged to the United States Bank; but,
at the same t-m-, thcr- wis a diminution of circxtht-
lititi from sixty-eight rtov n to sixty-cn? millions.
Sue1.- was the'tale oí the banking system under Mr.
Momoe and Air. Adams. At the commencement
of this period, th're was great embariissment all
over the land, sitmiar ' > .iu. which now exists. In
1816, n national bank \ii. -', t ¡.ered. In commen-
cing the operations of that ban!., there was much
bad nvmaqcinrat, and the consequences were unfa-
vorable to the business of the country : but the'e
difficulties soon d ^appeared under the superior skill
of new manages. And tiie wh'de period was mark-
ed by unusual commercial prosperity, although un-
forlunat  cation speculations, and the agita'ion of
the tar'ff oontroveisy, were distinctive features of it.
It is remarkable, too, that, during íhis period, no
comola'it whatever w uttered, from any quarter,
a;a,istihe currency or ¡he banking system. The
busiDes". of the country went on without interrup-
tion, except from occasional ill-judged speculations
or over-trading, leaving no distinctive mark, except
as matter of histórica! remembrance. In addition
to this, and as confirmatoS? of it, another remark
may be made, that the finaneiai^vstem was kept
entirely detached from the politics of'iííí- country;
