Oct. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Co«iG....lst Sess.
301
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Calhmm.
surplus revenue The public domain has been the
great field oí speculation, and the exces ive bank-
ing, consequent upon the removal of the deposites,
and principally warmed into existence by that
measure, has poured forth the overshadowing
means by which that speculation was conducted.
I am still faither fortified ¡n the position I have
taken, and the opinions I entertain concerning the
causes of the embarrassments of the country, by a
consideration of the effects of the immense impor-
tations of specie, which have been the theme of so
much self-glorification. It is unnecessary here to
inquire into the necessity for an ample specie basis
for the circulating medium of the country. Such a
basis is indispensable, and never can, without
criminal neglect, be overlooked by anypiudentand
watchful administration of the Government. But
the idea of forcing a circulation of specie m any
one country, whilst the supply if the precious
metals for all is extremely limited, cannot be sus-
tained for a moment upon any sound notions of
public economy. A circumscribed medium ex-
clusively of specie may be imposed and earned out
perhaps, but it must be at the risk of sacrificing or
overturning the great business interests of the
crtwtry, and of throwing the limited business that
may remain into the hands of a monopolizing few.
The excessive importations oí specie by the last
Administration, at a time when the balance of trade
was largely against us, and a very large foreign
debt was outstanding-, militated most strikingly
against all the acknowledged laws of trade. And
this, m connexion with the Treasury order, or specie
cucular, as it has usually be<?n termed, hastened
the approach of that financial cusís, which, without
the powerful and electric aiá of ihese causes, might
have been longer postponed, but, in all probability,
could not have been < voided The diain of specie
from the east deeply affecled all the operatious of
business -which are there concentrated, and the
fountains of our whole system viere thus broken
up Vast as have been the importations of specie
from abroad, did thai specie enter into the circula-
tion of the country ? Were the promises concern-
ing it at ail fulfilled ' Have not those promises
long been tne by-werd and jest of the scorner1
And are not the precious metals banished from
among us, so far as the purposes of circulation are
concerned'
This was most certainly true long before the cri-
sis arrived. Instead of enlarging the circulating
medium of the country m any essential degree, the
imported specie was emplojed most extensively m
foimmg the basis of new and increased banking
operations. And thus, what was probably well in-
tended, theoretical!), by the Government, operated
to defeat the very object which the Government
professed to have in view. We are not to forget,
howevei, that this very rage for banking, which in
this manner so sadly crossed the path of the late
Administration, grew up under the fostering and
nurturing of Us own measures. In this fact, we
have an illustration, that ought not to be lost upon
us, of the extreme hazard which is always incurred
by a violent and uncalled for interference with a
subject so sensitive and del cate as the currency oi
a country.
I have now gone through, succinctly, the con-
sideration I intended of 'he causes which have con-
spired to bring the country to its present disastious
condition. I am unable to avoid the conclusion—
to my mind it is as ready as it is irresistible—that
these causes have led directly to that ovet-action,
which is the genuine manifestation er development
of the disease with which the countrv is afflicted
And what has been tie result1 What has been
the winding up of that long tram of measures,
violently entered upon and energetically pursued,
which must, in all time to come, hold up Andrew
Jackson to the country as no ordinary man1 The
result is stamped upon the country in deep and
broad traces The winding up of this experiment
of a new and better currency has ngulfed Govern-
ment and people in one common bankruptcy Tne
causes, of winch I have spoken,opened thiouohout
the land a bound'ess field of credit, accessible
through myriads of avenues to 'he lowest srd
obscurest spots. Every description of business felt
•the effects of this overshadowing credit—to such a
H. of Reps,
degree, indeed, that, during the period to which i
have referred, the amount of all kinds of tiansac-
tions has been estimated to iranscend_/ii« hundred
millions of dollars. And when, at length, th« ex-
periment ran out, and the catastrophe came, the
country was found, and still remains, with its com-
merce prostrated, industry at a stand, the banks
unable t> redeem their (ills, and the Government
rich only m unavailable means
The Government and the people being thus alike
embarrassed and paralyzed, it would seem to be
the dictate of ordinary wisdom that they should
make common cause, and breast themselves together
against the storm E-pecial!y would it very natural-
ly be expected of the Government ibat they should not
abandon the people, and seek to find refuge and
safety for themselves alone Their measures hav-
ing prostrated both in a common calamity, the
country had a right to look for peculiar favor in
any contemplated «chemes of relief The measuies
which have brought about this deplorable state of
things « ere never a.sked for by the people They
never petitioned for a change m the financial sjs-
tem of ihe country They never even compla.ned
of the operation of that system As far as their
the opinions and wishes can be gathered from the
representations of their agents upon this floor, m
this the house of ihe people, they were coniented
with things as they were It is historically true,
that all the remarkable and extraordinary measures
on which I have commented, met, when proposed,
the signal rebuke of the representatives of the peo-
ple. The two measures most decisive, effective,
and revolutionary m their character and tendency—
the removal of the deposites, and the Treasury
order, or specie cucular—have never obtained any
favor within the«e walls. They nave been sustain-
ed, and the latter is sti'l sustained, against the will
of the people Emphatically 4s this true, and not
to be denied
With what f<,ce, then, can ihe Government seek
relief, to the exclusion of the great mass of the
country' Why shall those who have devised,
counselled, advocated, and adopted ths measures
which have resulted in a depreciated currency, be
rel.eved from the inequalities of that currency,
whilst the people, who, to say the least, have been
passive in regard to those measures, are left alone
to leap and enjoy ihe harvest of their bitter fruits i
But it is said that two of the bills before us are
specially intended foi the relief of the country the
one authorizing a farther postponement of payment
upon duty boi ds, and the other to adjust the re
mainmg claims upon ihe late deposite banks If
there be rel.ef in these bills, it is obvious io remark
that it is extremely limited in its scope. But whose
is the sole interest to be secured, if it can be sei wed,
by these bills1 Is it not the Government's1 By
pressing lis debtors, the merchants and the south-
western banks, the Government may lose all, by
granting an extension of time, all mity be saved
The Committee of Wajsand Means have re-
ported thrpe bills, in conformity with the recommen-
dations of the Executive, and growing out of the
relations of the Government to the disasters which
have befallen the countrv The first proposes to
postpone the fourth instalment of deposite with the
States, the second authorizes the issuing ol ten
millions of Treasury notes, the third is a bill to
impose additional duties as deposita! íes on public
officers The operation of all the*e b lis has dis-
tinct reference to the Government The same com-
mittee also reported a lesolutior, declaims* it " m-
expedien to chaitei a national bank " I v,a. de-
barred from the expression ul m> opinions upon
this proposition, after having risen to addiess the
house, In the operat on of the previcus quest on—
that convenient piece of machinery to check debate,
but applied so only m this the freest Government
m the wot Id. That proposit en "- one of the three
conrectfd with the great question ot 'he curiencv,
to whuh oni attention has been dirtied 1 volee!
against it distinctly vpon the ground of iN being
bald ami abstiact m its terms I voted against it
upon a other grourd—because it negatived the
onlv vv imes or opinions which have come before
us by pi 'ilion from the pccple We have the sub-
Treasury schemes suggested to us b) ihe Presi-
dent , we have a new modelling of the deposite
bank system presented by a member from Virginia,
(Mr. Garland) The proposition for a national
bank finds its way io us only through numerous
and respectful petitions. I am unwilling to throst
aside unceremoniously a proposition to which, ¿he
people have invited our attention. 1 should be un-
willing to dispose of any scheme, even that of the
sub-Treasury, m so summary a manner. I would
receive and entertain all of them , I would reject
no one, until it was laid before us in proper form
and features, that we might examine it m its prac-
ticti details, and judge of it with precision. I
know not that I should vote lor a bill to charter a
national bank I have no constitutional difficul-
ties in regard to it, but 1 should seek to have it
well gjarded and secured at all points, especially,
af far as possible, against the machinations of par-
tizan politicians—the root, the tiuitful source, as
I verily believe, of all the troubles that afflict the
counlfj ■
But, Mr Chairman, the Administration having
determined to shape their policy, under the new
and extraordinary circumstances of the country,
with snecial reference to themselves and to their
own distinct interests, let us look at the measures
suggested for oar consideration
We have a bill to postpone the fourth instalment
of the surplus revenue. . I opposed that bill in the
committee I shall record my vote against it, in
whatever shape it may come up In the present
condition of the country, the payment of that in-
stalment, amounting to nearly ten millions of dol-
lars, would operate to that extent advantageously
to the people. I am unable to see the necessity
for the postponement I have carefully examined
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances, I have examined all the subsidiary and
" verified" statements that have been laid before us
fre.n various quarters If the deficiency supposed
by the Senelary were susceptible of clear proof,
that pioof ought to be on our tables. I have not seen
it. If it exist, it can be shown by that which does
not lie, it is a matter of figures. I shall not follow
the steps of the gentlemen who have addressed 'he
committee m this particular, by going into the de-
tails upon this subject. The task is irksome. I
agree fully wiu mo t who have precetled me, that
a clear case has not been made out by the Secretary.
No one can doubt that the Treasury i  m an em-
banassed condition . the mismanagement oí the
finances and the disruption of our whole system
could not but thiou our exchequer into utier con-
fusión That s the evil under which we are la-
boring Confusion reigns through every depart-
ment of Snance and business Hence arises the
unintelligible exhibit which has been made by the
See retary In the deposite banks there remains a
balance greater than the amount of the fouith in-
stalment. Verv manv of the States could and
would make an airangement with those banks for
their proportion of that instalment, which would
be beneficial to the banks, satisfactory to the Stales,
and tend to the relief of the Government. To
fhsse States, which, from their relative position,
could not enter into such arrangements, drafis, m
the language of the Secretar), ' diawn, but not yet
paid, though payable," and therefore, in the view
of the Government, equivalent to specie, "would
fully answer the puipose In whatever light I re-
gard this subject, it seems to me to be demanded,
by every consideration that can enter into a sound
and jus'policy, to pav over ihe iou'th instalment
to the Slates, even at the liazaid ot some incon-
venience and even sauifice
The bill to authorize the issue of Treasury notes
to the amount of ten mllions I oppose, because I
deem the proposition, if not unconstitutional accor-
ding to ihe recentlv-avowed opiruon of General
Jackson, ceitamly fraught with the greatest hazard,
and oí dangerous tendency as a monej measure or
experiment of [he Government It is a bad prece-
dent -o establish it has once only 1 pen resorted to
in thp history of the past, ind then in the extraordi-
nary emergency of war It is a scheme which fur-
nishes too great facility for monev-making to any
Administration It is a power too easy to be per-
vertel, aid the exereiseof it is inconsistent with
the simplicity of republican institutions. Surrender
this power as a matter of ordinary legislftion; con-
