HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Aquia, April 24, 1862.

Ho. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 23rd (just received by steamboat), directing me not to throw my force across the Rappahannock at present, but that I should get my bridges and transportation all nearly ready and wait further orders.

I have now all of King's division in front of Fredericksburg; McCall at Catlett's.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Falmounth, April 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCALL,

Commanding Division, Catlett's:

GENERAL: It is the direction of Major-General McDowell that you put your First Brigade in motion for this place as soon as possible. The other parts of the division are to follow as soon as the means of subsistence for troops and animals shall be assured here, measures for which are now being taken. Orders respecting the movements of the other brigades, the unattached cavalry (Bayard's companies), two companies of Davies' cavalry, and the artillery and Signal Corps, will be communicated to you hereafter, most probably by telegraph from Alexandria.

Let the First Brigade bring as much subsistence and forage as can be transported, provided there is an abundance for the troops which remain behind at Catlett's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 24, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va.:

Your communication of the 21st instant, addressed to His Excellency the President,* has been referred to this Department, with instructions to communicate the decision of the Executive to the effect that your proposed operations up the valley of Virginia are approved, modified so far as to direct you after striking the railroad, as you propose, not to advance toward Knoxville without further instruction; and, secondly, that in the prosecution of your operations you are not to consider the positions or movements of General Banks as subject to your control or to be dependent upon your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* See Part I, p.7.

---------------

