
available for landing supplies for the troops in front, and as the road hence to Fredericksburg is impassable in wet weather for wagons without having repairs and two bridges, I have established a temporary depot at Belle Plain. The only vessels drawing little enough water to go up to the landing and lighter the stores from the shipping is the steamer Jenny Lind. She is not sufficient, and many vessels have been lying here for several days waiting to be discharged. The Jenny Lind is our only dependence for the army in front, and an accident happening to her would be embarrassing, if not disastrous. I beg another light-draught boat, drawing less than 4 feet, may be sent here with the least possible delay. The Jenny Lind is getting her boilers so full of mud that she will soon have to haul off.

One of the brigades of McCall's division is ordered from Catlett's. I have received no orders as to Rosecrans and a new division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

NEW MARKET, April 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our advance is at Mount Crawford, 8 miles from Staunton; two brigades at Harrisonburg. Have information that Jackson waits arrival of Marshall with 6,000, and may make a stand at Swift Run Gap. Think Marshall must be from Rappahannock. Will know more to-morrow. Heavy rebel re-enforcements moving toward Yorktown reported. Five days' rain in six days. All streams impassable except by bridges. Thanks for telegram of information received to-day.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MARKET, April 26, 1862-9 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing important to-day. Our advance is secure. It is now at Harrisonburg-two brigades, 600 cavalry, and two batteries. Road to mountains well guarded. Bridges on Staunton all burned. I shall co-operate with Fremont with great pleasure; suggested it to him two days since. I am deeply gratified with the approval of the Department. Our difficulties have been very great or our operations would have been more satisfactory. Jackson's force is between the Shenandoah, east of mountains, and Stanardsville, somewhat increased.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 26, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Shenandoah:

SIR: In the present state of things it is not the desire of the President that you should prosecute a farther advance toward the south.

