
Thirty-first Virginia, without loss or injury to us. Militia impressed are deserting by hundreds, taking oath of allegiance, and returning to their homes. The latest reports from Staunton are that on the 24th the enemy were moving their sick on cars eastward, and that large trains loaded with soldiers, supposed to be Johnson's were passing eastward. No soldiers in or about Staunton and none this side, except one regiment and one battalion of infantry and four companies of cavalry at Buffalo Gap. He also reports that communication has been cut off between him and General Schenck by the high water. Snow fell 18 inches deep day before yesterday at Monterey.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,April 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX, Charleston:

How far has the brigade of Colonel Scammon advanced toward Flat Top? What news have you as to the position and numbers of the rebels in Mercer, Monroe, and counties adjoining to the south? Information needed immediately.

J. C. FREMONT.

CHARLESTON, April 26, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Weeling:

Dispatch just received. Scammon's brigade is part at mouth of Blue Stone River. One regiment with artillery left Raleigh this morning to advance toward Flat Top; remainder at Raleigh. Three hundred cavalry are on the way to Raleigh, and as soon as these join him he is ordered to push rapidly on Princeton. The past two days are the only fair ones we have had for some time. The roads, are still terrible and streams everywhere very high. The enemy are in small detachments in different parts of Mercer and Monroe and about 1,500 in vicinity of Lewisburg. The number of their drilled troops is not over 1,000, and they have perhaps 2,000 militia besides. They are distributed nearly as follows: Three hundred at Peterstown, 400 at Narrows of New River, 600 at Montgomery, and, say, 300 at Princeton; the balance near Lewisburg. Colonel Crook reports the return of his men from Addison without seeing any enemy whatever.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Kanawha.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Near Aquia Creek, April 27, 1862-12.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Seven companies of Bayard's and the regiment and the regiment of Wyndham's cavalry, and King's entire division, except a squadron of cavalry, opposite Fredericksburg, one brigade of which is under orders to move to-morrow morning to the crossing of the railroad at Potomac Creek. The

