
artillery and infantry of McCall's division and Signal Corps at Catlett's. One brigade of the division and one battalion of Bayard's cavalry under orders to march to-morrow to Fredericksburg. At Aquia Creek the Ninety-fifth New York, six companies of Ninetieth Pennsylvania, six companies of-Pennsylvania, two companies of Michigan cavalry, and one company of Bayard's cavalry. There are four companies of Ninetieth Pennsylvania, the pontoon train and battery of Maine artillery, at Belle Plain and landing from the vessels at that place. The Eleventh and Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania are guarding the railroad from Alexandria to Bristoe and Manassas Gap. General Wadsworth's command in and around Washington. One brigade under General Duryea at Cloud's Mill. Two companies of infantry and some companies of cavalry, number not known, at and below Budd's Ferry, on Maryland shore. Also there is in my department General Abercrombie's command at Warrenton Junction, and I believe Colonel Geary's at White Plains, on Manassas Gap Railroad. Colonel Campbell's regiment of cavalry, which by your direction I gave orders to repair to the front and which I had assigned to McCall's division has, in disobedience of my orders, returned to Alexandria, preparatory, it is understood, to embarking for Yorktown.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,April 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The reports from several sources, Union men and colored fugitives, concur in representing a force to have accumulated about 12 miles on the other side of Fredericksburg of about 5,000 men, made up of those who were driven across the Rappahannock and of accessions from other quarters. I do not learn, however, that any have joined from the direction of Gordonsville. Everything is going on as rapidly as possible in the rebuilding of the railroad. The locomotives have been landed, and will soon be in operation as far as the first stream.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Aquia Creek, April 27, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE A. McCALL,

Commanding at Cattlett's Station:

As soon after the receipt of this order as practicable march with your headquarters and your Second Brigade to join the First Brigade at Falmounth, opposite Fredericksburg. Take with you as much subsistence as your means of transportation will permit.

Acknowledge the receipt of this by telegraph, and report whose brigade you take with you.

Very respectfully,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

