
CATLETT'S [STANTON],

April 27, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Aquia Creek:

Orders to march to Falmounth with headquarters and Second Brigade received. I shall take Meade's brigade and as much subsistence as my means of transportation will permit. I shall move in the morning as soon as practicable.

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW MARKET VA.,

April 27, 1862-5 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch dated 26th just received. Our advance is at Harrisonsburg-two brigades, two batteries, one regiment cavalry, General Williams commanding. Colonel Mason, commanding brigade, Shields' division, is half way between Harrisonburg and New Market. The remaining force is here at New Market, except two regiments and 100 cavalry, which are guarding two bridges which are east of first chain of mountains. This constitutes our whole, except guard at places in our rear. Our supplies are in improving condition.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Wheeling, April 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The troops in this department are stationed as follows: Under General Kelley, along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, the Sixth Virginia Infantry, the Eleventh Virginia, the Second Potomac Home Brigade, one battery of artillery, and two companies of cavalry. Under General Schenck, between New Creek and Moorefied, the Third Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, the Fifth Virginia Infantry, two Ohio regiments, five companies of cavalry, and one battery. Under General Milroy, at Monterey, two Virginia regiments, four Ohio regiments, three companies of cavalry, and two sections of Hyman's battery. Two other batteries in his brigade are detained for want of transportation. Under Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, in the Cheat Mountain District, six companies of the Tenth Virginia and six guns, without horses or men. Under General Cox, in the Kanawha and New River Valleys, two Virginia and ten Ohio regiments of infantry, one regiment and two companies of cavalry, and three batteries. The Sixtieth Ohio is now on the way from Parkersburg to New Creek. The Eighth Virginia probably already at New Creek, under orders for Moorefield. Blenker's division still at Winchester, except about 600 men, detachment from various regiments, now at New Creek. General Schenck, with his whole force, under orders for Franklin, detained by high water. General Cox's advance is at the mouth of Blue Stone Creek. He is ordered

