
with his whole disposable force against the enemy at Lewisburg and Peterson [Peterstown.]

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

WHEELING, VA., April 27, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Market:

The movement is right. The force could be rapidly concentrated. If Blenker had been brought quickly forward all my troops would now be in valley, ready to move in co-operation. I should be happy to act with you, and have been hoping authority from the War Department. A dispatch received from Washington last night induces belief that they meditate this move. I will give you prompt information. Milroy reports no troops of the enemy in or about Staunton, and none this side expect one regiment and one battalion of infantry and four companies of cavalry at Buffalo Gap; that on 24th enemy moving all sick on cars eastward, and that large trains loaded with soldiers, supposed to be Johnston's [Johnston's], were passing.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 28, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The capture of New Orleans is confirmed, but still through secession sources, nothing official having arrived. We have no intelligence of importance from any other quarters. The impression is very strong that the enemy will amuse McClellan at Yorktown and make a sudden dash with their main force against your or Banks. Of course this contingency is in your mind, and every vigilance used to ascertain the strength before you and at Gordonsville.

The President desires daily reports from your command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISONBURG, April 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our force is entirely secure here. The enemy is in no condition for offensive movements, and nothing can prevent our troops from joining the main body in safety if attacked. Our supplies have not been in so good condition nor my command in so good spirits since we left Winchester. General Hatch made reconnaissance in force yesterday, which resulted in obtaining a complete and satisfactory view of the enemy's position. Two of our own men were wounded by accident, one mortally. Five of the enemy were killed and 5 wounded in the skirmish. Report forwarded. A negro employed in Jackson's tent came in this morning, and reports preparation for retreat of Jackson to-day. General Johnson is reported to have passed Staunton, and General Milroy to be 4 miles west of Staunton. You need have no apprehensions for our

