HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Charleston, Va., April 28, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Summerville:

SIR: The following is my plan of present arrangements made to carry out orders from department headquarters, which are explicit:

I shall put the Eleventh Ohio and Forty-fourth Ohio at Gauley Bridge. The Forty-seventh Ohio (Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott commanding) will remain at Gauley Mount. A battery, partly howitzer and partly field pieces, will be connected with the command thus formed, and the whole, with your regiment, will constitute a provisional brigade, of which you will have command as soon as co-operation begins. Your regiment will remain at Summerville until the order for a forward movement is given, when the four regiments, with the battery and such cavalry as may hereafter be assigned, will act in concert, under your orders, by the Wilderness road and the turnpike. I shall expect to have the Ninth Virginia garrison the posts at Fayette, Gauley Bridge, and Summerville, when the movement begins.

This movement is not to be made until I shall have advanced with the main body of the remainder of my command a distance already fixed on another line, and unless circumstances should change greatly the whole force will act on converting lines. In this there also be co-operation with the forces in the northern part of the department.

If the weather is at all favorable the troops named will be at Gauley Bridge this week, and within a few days I expect most of the preliminary movements to be completed. You will therefore keep your regiment constantly prepared for speedy movement.

Acknowledge by telegraph the receipt of this, and keep me informed of any changes which occur in front of you.

Our movement will be hastened whenever we receive news that promised transportation is on the way here. The grand difficulty now is to see clearly the means for feeding the troops after an advance, and you must calculate upon using your regimental train to its utmost capacity in helping provide for yourselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,April 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX,

Charleston:

Concentrate your troops at Flat Top Mountain, and if the fortifications opposite the mouth of Blue Stone River are evacuated or not held in force continue the operation as ordered.

Should the enemy take possession of the fortifications again in force, then it will not be advisable to advance as far as Peterstown, but a crossing over New River should be effected near the mouth of Blue Stone.

If possible part of General Milroy's forces will co-operate with you. Keep us promptly and well informed.

J. C. FREMONT.

8 R R-VOL XII, PT III

