
11 and 14 miles in front. Jackson has pushed through Gordonsville and is on his way to Hanover Junction, on the line to Richmond; so in coming over eastward you will be following him up.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 2, 1862.

General SHIELDS:

In the execution of the order, you have received or may receive from General McDowell to pass with your division into the Department of the Rappahannock, it is not expected that you move until the arrival or approach of General Banks to the position assigned him in the orders of yesterday. He was directed to take post at Strasburg or its vicinity.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, May 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Reconnaissance to Warrenton, 9 miles, and to the Rappahannock, 9 miles, show no enemy in front, and none reported nearer than Culpeper Court-House. Prevailing rumor that Jackson went to Gordonsville, thence to Yorktown. I do not believe it. Will keep myself well posted and report. Present effective strength of brigade five regiments infantry, two of cavalry, and three batteries-5,458 men. Comfortable in respect to supplies, but a great deal of sickness. Four hundred and eighty-six present sick. Two hundred and eighteen absent sick in various places. Two Indiana regiments to be mustered out on 9th. Fifteen hundred and thirty-two effective men. One hundred and seventy-five sick. Two of the batteries require recruits-one 37, the other 29. Much crippled. Could be filled from Indiana regiments about leaving service. Asked permission of General Thomas yesterday, and stated how it could be done. No reply. Please spur him up. Situation of camp unhealthy. Request permission to change it to Warrenton or some better place in front. Will send to General McDowell concerning it. Country in immediate vicinity stripped and desolate. Task of correcting impressions left by Blenker's command very hard, but is being performed. Thanks for kind and prompt attention to request for appointment of Lieutenant Drake and for news. General Abercrombie just left.

Respectfully,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE BRIGADE,New Rectortown, Va., May 2, 1862 (via Front Royal).

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Not had any answer to my call for troops from Manassas. My command is scattered for nearly 30 miles, and as soon as I am re-enforced

