
I will concentrate at some important point on the western part of the road among the mountains, where there is most danger of interference. This is important, as we daily see the enemy's pickets of 15 or 20 at a place to the south of us, and every movement we make is closely watched by them. The road is in good order and trains daily pass over it.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, Commanding.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Opposite Fredericksburg, May 2, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Our bridge across the river was completed at 5 p.m. The artillery was placed on the bank overlooking the bridge, and an infantry company marched across and are now posted near the bridge-head.

General Patrick and myself rode through the town, selected posts for our sentinels and pickets, and had a brief conference with the mayor. We found everything quiet and orderly. No cavalry scouts of the enemy have been in sight to-day.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

NEW MARKET, 2nd-7 p.m.

(Received May 3, 1862, 9 p.m.)

General [LORENZO THOMAS],

Adjutant-General's Office:

Jackson moved his army yesterday on the road to Port Republic, east of the Shenandoah. The signal officers report at 2.30 p.m. that they saw his army moving toward that place. His tents still standing this side Blue Ridge. His destination either Waynesborough or Staunton. If latter place, possibly to join Johnson and attack Milroy. General Ewell is said to be near Stanardsville. Our cavalry scouts from Columbia Bridge advanced 8 miles in direction of the Blue Ridge, encountering the enemy in a sharp skirmish, in which they lost 1 killed, 4 wounded. Our guide was badly wounded.

No change of forces except to strengthen Harrisonsburg somewhat.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MARKET, May 2, 1862-7 p.m.

General FREMONT, Grafton:

Thanks for dispatches received to-day. Jackson withdrew his army Wednesday afternoon to roads in the direction of Waynesborough or Staunton. He was seen to-day (2.30 p.m.) moving toward Port Republic, which is 20 miles from Staunton. His march is possibly a feint, possibly to join Johnson and attack Milroy near Staunton. Of that you will judge best. His force is not over 8,000, we think. General Ewell, commanding rebel force near Rappahannock, is now said to be at Stanardsville with about 5,000. The three united cannot muster over

