
18,000. We rest here for the present. By order we occupy Harrisonsburg.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,May 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General MILROY, Monterey:

Dispatch received. Your efforts in suppression of guerrillas approved. The commanding general takes this occasion to say that he has been gratified with the good conduct and gallantry displayed by your command since entering the Monterey Valley, and requests that as much be conveyed to them through your headquarters. He also desires me to say that special thanks are due to yourself for the vigilant activity you have shown in keeping yourself so thoroughly acquainted with the movements of the enemy.

J. C. FREMONT.

CHARLESTON, [May?] 2, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

Dispatch received. The utmost our trains can so till increased will be to supply two-thirds of my movable force at Princeton and Raleigh. Colonel Crook has to send a large detachment to Sutton with the murderers to be hung on the 9th. As soon after that as get more teams he can march directly on Lewisburg, two other regiments co-operating with him on the direct road from Gauley Bridge . I leave for Raleigh on Monday, and will personally examine the system of transportation as I go. Gallipolis quartermaster speaks of the middle of the month as the time we may expect additional transportation. Everything depends on this, as absolutely nothing can be got from the country but a little forage. Fuller statement by mail.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Charleston, May 2, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va.:

GENERAL: I propose to divide and arrange my force as follows:

1. For the protection of the valley, two regiments and two troops of cavalry, posted as follows: Four companies Fourth Virginia Infantry at Charleston; two companies of same and West's cavalry troops at Camp Piatt, 10 miles above here, where the Boone and Logan road comes to the river, and four companies of same at Chapmanville, on Guyandotte River; all under command of Colonel Lightburn; headquarters at Charleston.

2. For protection of Gauley Valley and head of Kanawha, one regiment, the Ninth Virginia, Colonel Leonard Skinner, and one troops cavalry. Four companies at Summerville, six companies at Gauley Bridge, and furnishing detachments to guard stores at Loup Creek, the cavalry troop, Schambeck's, at Gauley Mount.

3. On the Newbern road, under my immediate command, headquarters

