
in the field, First Provisional Brigade, under Colonel E. P. Scammon, consisting of Twenty-third, Thirtieth, and Twelfh Ohio Infantry, and McMullin's battery; Second Provisional Brigade, under Colonel A. Moor, consisting of Twenty-eighth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, and Simmonds' battery; also one battalion of Colonel Bolles' Second Virginia Cavalry; also Smith's Ohio Infantry Troop will accompany my headquarters.

4. The Third Provisional Brigade, under Colonel George Crook, will consist of the Thirty-sixth Ohio, now at Summerville; the Forty-fourth Ohio, now at Gauley Bridge; the Forty-seventh Ohio, now at Gauley Mount, and the Eleventh Ohio, now at Winfield, but which will move forward as soon as the hurry of other transportation is a little over. With it also will be a battery now forming out of infantry detachments from the regiments, and when it moves it will be accompanied by the Second Battalion of Bolles' Second Virginia Cavalry.

My design is to push forward the First and Second Brigades to Princeton or Pearisburg, then endeavor to operate so as to cut off retreat of any troops there may be at or near Lewisburg, while the Third Brigade moves forward by both Wilderness road and the turnpike upon Lewisburg.

The smallness of our train is the only cause of delay. Estimates of the work to be done and the number of teams needed were forwarded by my order by Captain Fitch, assistant quartermaster, to department headquarters in February, but we have as yet received no additional transportation, and, on the other hand, have had 200 of our horses taken away from the stables at Gallipolis, where they were recruiting, and put on the Romney line.

We have only some 250 wagons for use in trains, besides those actually used in moving regimental baggage. Each wagon can transport 1,000 pounds 6 miles and return (12 miles) per day. The nature of the country, the delays in loading, &amp;c., in shoeing, and other accidental hinderance make this all that can be reckoned on permanently. Lewisburg is 65 miles from head of navigation. Newbern is 140 miles. You will see from this how totally inadequate our supply is, when we take into the account that the country is for subsistence purposes a desert.

I shall make the troops travel light, leaving tents and bivouacking if necessary, and will promise to do all that you think should be done under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, May 2, 1862.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON, Raleigh:

Dispatch received. Your views as to action of advance guard agree with mine. The Twenty-eighth, Thirty-seventh, and Thirty-fourth will constitute a provisional brigade, under command of Colonel Moor. Half the Thirty-fourth is ordered to Raleigh. Communicate with Colonel Moor at Fayette in regard to watching the river crossings. Concentrate your two regiments at the best point you c can get, either near top of Flat Top or beyond. Do not push them beyond where your own train can feed them. Levering has all he can do to supply the depot at Raleigh, from which you must draw till the promised increase of transportation comes. Gardner must not be permitted to interfere in any

