
way with Levering's trains. If he wants help, he must telegraph Levering and not interfere first; otherwise will be short at Raleigh and the responsibility for it will be on Gardner.

The Twelfth Ohio will start to join you in a day or two will form part of your brigade. Give me the latest news of the enemy. Do not spare effort to find where they are. Parties from the Forty-seventh are near Sewell Mountain. After this have information of movements sent in the cipher.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISONBURG, May 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I do not think it possible to divide our force at this time with safety. The enemy is largely re-enforced by Ewell's division. He was three brigades of infantry and one of cavalry, estimated at 12,700. It is probably less, but still a very material increase. He is near the bridge; Jackson 5 miles above, near Port Republic. All quiet to-night. The escort of the signal corps had a short skirmish with the enemy, who were in ambush on the mountain. Several of the enemy were seriously wounded. We lost two prisoners, one wounded in the shoulder.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MARKET, May 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch as to the disposition of troops of the Fifth Corps received, and measures will be taken in accordance therewith. I shall grieve not to be included in the active operations of this summer. I go to Harrisonburg this evening.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, May 3, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

Since my dispatch of yesterday morning the First Brigade, General Stahel commanding, having obtained shoes for the barefooted, started for Romney, with orders to stop there and get clothing. The destitution of these troops has been great. You will receive by mail inspection reports acquainting you more fully the condition and the effect of a careful, thorough personal inspection.

Respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, May 3, 1862.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON, Raleigh:

General Fremont desires me to express to your troops through you his gratification at their gallant conduct on 1st instant. I add my own

9 R R-VOL XII, PT III

