
expression of satisfaction at the promptness of Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes in marching upon Princeton. The Twelfth Ohio starts this morning. Will give you full reasons hereafter why a change is not feasible. You will find it a serviceable regiment. Let me know what you regard as the point to hold near Princeton till I can secure the means of supplying a large concentrated force. I am especially anxious that you should get fresh information of the enemy's numbers, &amp;c., and take thorough measures to be advised of any concentration in your front. Unite the Thirtieth and the battery with the Twenty-third as soon as may be.

I shall leave here on Monday and reach Raleigh with my headquarters Wednesday evening probably. Send the number of wounded and prisoners as soon as you can.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP JESSIE,

Near New Creek, May 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX,

Commanding District of the Kanawha, Charleston:

GENERAL: For the purpose of cutting off and capturing the rebel forces now in Greenbrier County the following movements must be effected at once:

The Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Crook, to march from Summerville by Coalsmounth over the Free Bridge, then on the left bank of Greenbrier River to the other bridge on the road leading from Lewisburg to White Sulphur Springs.

The Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Gilbert, to be transported by steamer from Camp Piatt to Gauley Bridge, thence to take the Kanawha turnpike to Lewisburg. Colonel Scammon to send part of his brigade over New River toward Stevens' Ferry. The troops to march without transportation, but with four days' rations in their haversacks.

Colonel Crook's column may meet a small detachment of the enemy at Coalsmounth, which must be attacked and routed by a sudden charge. Another detachment of the rebels at Franklin Fort may be evaded and left in its position with advantage to the general result.

Colonel Gilbert's column is expected to meet a rebel detachment at Blue Sulphur Springs, which must be suddenly attacked and routed, and the success immediately followed up by the taking and occupation of Lewisburg.

The commencement of these respective movements, though it is of the utmost importance that they should be made without the least delay, must be left to your best judgment, so that neither suddenness of movement nor concert of action may be lost sight of.

The bearer of this dispatch, Mr. Edward J. Allen, a thoroughly reliable gentleman, may be advantageously employed to guide either Colonel Crook's or Colonel Gilbert's column.

The general commanding desires you to issue the necessary orders in your own handwriting, without disclosing the movements to any person whatever except to the commanders above mentioned, and only so much at a time to them as is absolutely necessary for them to know.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

