
thus restricted to in guarding the western portion is inadequate to render it secure against the hands of guerrillas daily threatening it. To prevent designs against the road by much-scattered command is compelled to perform most arduous duty, which much endangers its health. I respectfully ask that you will accelerate the arrival of a relief, as before suggested. I have nothing further of importance to report.

Very respectfully,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE BRIGADE,Near Rectortown, Va., May 6, 1862-5 p.m.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders from your headquarters, bearing date May 5, this moment received,* I have the honor to report that the position of my command extends from White Plains to the bridge across the Shenandoah near Front Royal. My force is disposed as follows:

Four companies of cavalry have charge of the railroad from White Plains to Rectortown, patrolling it, viz, one company located at Salem and three at Rectortown. My headquarters are 1 1/2 miles west of Rectortown, near the large bridge over Goose Creek, where I have seven companies of infantry and one of artillery; two companies of infantry and one of cavalry are located at Piedmont; two companies of infantry are at Markham, and four of infantry and one of cavalry are disposed from Linden to the Shenandoah River. These last companies guard the workmen engaged upon the bridge over the river and the stores of forage and subsistence which were recently deposited at that place. The Zouaves d'Afrique, General Banks' body guard, are temporarily at my headquarters, but are expected soon to report to General Banks. The railroad is in good running order. Quite a number of guerrillas are still south of us, rendering it necessary to maintain a very vigilant surveillance of the entire line.

Inclosed herewith you will a consolidated morning report of the command.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding

NEW MARKET, May 6, 1862-9.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Nothing important resulted from movements of enemy reported last night. Fifth Army Corps now encamped near New Market. My immediate command is ready to move at any time. Have received no specific orders whether to move before or after General Shields be here. His division will not be ready for a day or two. Ewell's division seems

---------------

* See Schriver to Geary, May 7, p.139.

---------------

