
a forward movement; that it was not clear what be the next movement of the army which has just left Yorktown. I am pushing the bridges all I can, and fear they will be ready before my force will be in hand, which it is now far from being. What about the Third Brigade for my Fourth Division? What can be done and when?

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS,

Woodstock, Va.:

Major-General McDowell is awaiting your reply to that part of his telegram of the 2nd instant in which inquiry is made when you can take up your line of march for Catlett's and by what road you are moving, so that measures may be taken for throwing forward supplies for your division. We are looking for your around here with the greatest interest. Soon as you come we may expect to commence active operations.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, May 7, 1862.

Colonel GEARY, Front Royal:

General McDowell directs me to repeat his message sent to you at Front Royal on the 5th instant, and is looking anxiously to its fulfillment:

Being informed by the Secretary of War that you are placed under my orders, you will report the strength and position of your command to these headquarters. You will also report the same to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, military governor of the District of Columbia, who is charged with the protection of the line from Alexandria to General Banks's command.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE BRIGADE,Near Rectortown, Va., May 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received a telegraphic communication from Major-General McDowell, which informs me I am placed under the orders of that officer, and in compliance with his command have reported both to him and to Brigadier-General Wadsworth the strength and position of my command. Shall I continue my daily reports to you or hereafter report only through Major-General McDowell, and does this order guarantee a non-continuance of reporting as heretofore to Major-General Banks?

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

