
sco Mills. The next morning the fords were still impassable, and hearing from good authority that a force of rebel cavalry were in the vicinity, I resolved to cross the Occoquan, which I did by swimming the horses and carrying the men in small boats. I arrested and kept in confinement Basil Brawner, a justice of the pease, but released him on parole of honor when I left.

Your obedient servant,

IVINS D. JONES,

Major, Third Battalion.

HUTTONSVILLE, VA.,

March 23, 1862.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Have ordered one company of Tenth Virginia to take charge of Buckhannon; Hyman to report here, and Seventy-third Ohio also. If five or six companies of Fifty-fifth Ohio could take charge of Beverly, Philippi, and Huttonsville I could take, including three companies of cavalry, 4,000 men with me. Richmond's companies are very poorly armed. Could you not hasten their arms to Buckhannon? Could you inform me whether General Cox has moved on Lewisburg or what his intentions are? After taking Monterey and Alleghany I should be re-enforced to make sure of holding possession at Staunton, if thought best to move on there.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 23, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, New York:

Your request that General Farfield should be directed to report immediately to you has been carefully considered, and it is not deemed expedient to give that direction. He may be engaged in important operations that might be delayed or frustrated by subjecting him to your orders before you have entered upon your department or know anything of his present instructions or your own means to support him or insure his safety. It might also prematurely interrupt judicious operations of Generals Buell and Halleck before you have taken the first step toward substituting others by taking command in person.

Yesterday a general order was made to provide for such cases as the operations of General Garfield, which has been communicated to Generals Buell and Halleck and a copy sent to you by mail.

This morning I wrote you respecting Zagonyi giving an order directing Captain Pilsen, on duty in the Army of the Potomac, to report to you without any authority from the Department.

I hope soon to hear that you have gone to your command; and as soon as you do so your staff will be appointed, and every aid in the power of this Department will be rendered you for your success and the good of the service. But persons who are as ignorant as Zagonyi of the military subordination due to the Government, ad who recognize no authority but that of their military chief, seem to be improper persons to be intrusted with commissions from the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

