
NEW MARKET, May 7, 1862-10.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing important has occurred to-day. My division is ready to move, but I have no specific instruction whether my movement is to precede that of General Shields' division. My opinion is that the movements cannot be separated by long intervals with safety. Our cavalry from near Harrisonsburg report to-night that Jackson occupies that town, and that he has been largely re-enforced. This refers probably to Ewell's division, an account of whose force I sent you last night. Deserters east of mountains confirm report of Jackson's movement in this direction.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

PETERSBURG, May 7, 1862.

No. 4.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Arrived here this evening, after a march of 23 miles, with 650 men of Sixtieth Ohio, Buell's battery, and company of cavalry. General Schenck has telegraphed since my arrival that express just received from General Milroy informs him that his advance guard was attacked this morning at 10 o'clock by Jackson on Shenandoah. General Schenck is 9 miles beyond Franklin, and pushing forward to join Milroy. Blenker's division has not yet joined me. General Stahel telegraphed that he is detained with his brigade at Romney for want of shoes and other supplies. A dispatch from General Rosecrans has informed me that he was yesterday to leave Winchester with the rest of the division.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

FAYETTESVILLE, May 7, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

My advance, consisting of part of Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, under Major Comly, occupied Giles Court-House, and the Narrows of New River yesterday, driving out the rebels, who were taken by surprise. A considerable quantity of commissary stores taken; a lieutenant-colonel, a major, and some 20 privates of the enemy prisoners. The surprise prevented the burning of the place, as the rebels intended. The citizens remain, and most of them seem loyally disposed.

Our movements would be still more energetic if our new train were here. My headquarters will be at Raleigh Court-House, 25 miles from here, to-morrow night.

The reverse of the enemy at Camp Creek increases in importance as we learn more of it.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

ROMNEY, VA., May 7, 1862.

Colonel TRACY:

Your dispatch of this date received. The Second and Third Brigades will arrive here by 4 p.m. Your order will be promptly obeyed, but

