HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Schenck, after a march of 34 miles in less than twenty-four hours, has effected a junction, as ordered, with General Milroy. He reports that he is just in time, as the enemy is approaching in two, and probably three, direction, at distance from 4 or 7 miles-I think Johnson and Ewell, making together about 18,000 men-a force considerably greater than ours. Foreseeing this emergency as the probable result of the rebel retreat from Yorktown, I have been endeavoring to meet it, and am forcing Blenker's division up from the rear. General Stahel's brigade must to-day be at Burlington, and I think that by this time the remainder of the division has entered this department.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, Va., May 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram from General Kelley, in command of Railroad District, informs me that Arnoldsburg was yesterday attacked by a force of guerrillas said to number 400 men, and after a fight, in which several were killed on both sides, the place was surrendered by Lieutenant Parrott, in command. Spencer and the railroad between Parkersburg and Grafton is threatened. General Kelley has ordered to that portion of the road all his forces, and leaves himself as soon as his troops can be forwarded.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, May 8, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

The following dispatches just received. I have ordered all my available force on the western part of the road to proceed at once to the scene of action. I will go myself as soon as I can get what force I have here to spare ready.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement No. 1.]

PARKERSBURG, May 8, 1862.

General KELLEY:

A dispatch has just reached me which says Spencer is also in possession of the rebels; said to be 400. They expect more troops. I have only 132 men here fit for duty. The nearest point to Arnoldsburg on railroad is Cairo. There are no troops between this place and the rebels.

J. C. RATHBONE,

Colonel Eleventh Virginia Volunteers, Commanding Post.

