
[Inclosure No. 2.]

PARKERSBURG, May 8, 1862-12.52 p.m.

General B. F. KELLEY:

Our forces, under Lieutenant Parriott, at Arnoldsburg, surrendered the place yesterday to 400 Southern troops. They have captured several of the Government teams, clothing, and stores. We have a very small force at Spencer and considerable amount of stores.

J. C. RATHBONE,

Colonel Eleventh Virginia Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS RAILROAD DISTRICT,Cumberland, May 8, 1862.

Colonel TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch received.* I have ordered Colonel Wilkinson to send strong detachments from the line of the railroad to Webb's Mill. Have ordered Captain Boggs to rejoin his company and scouts the country in that region thoroughly; will order him to report to the general, as I can spare him with safety. I am yet of opinion that the people are unnecessarily alarmed; nevertheless I will use the utmost vigilance.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

SCHENCK'S BRIGADE,

May 8, 1862-4 a.m.

Major-General FREMONT:

I hear nothing from your in reply to any of my dispatches. I fear that the telegraph line, which only reaches 2 or 3 miles this side of Franklin, is interrupted. I have let my men, who were very much exhausted, sleep here at a point 5 miles from Monterey, and am now getting ready to start. I will turn to the left here and take the shortest road, about 13 miles, to McDowell; perhaps my little force may yet be in time to do something.

I send you General Milroy's last dispatch.

I leave wagons and knapsacks here; cannot afford as much guard as they should have.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

McDOWELL, May 8, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have arrived here, as General Milroy says, just in time. The enemy are reported approaching for attack in two, and probably three, directions. The scouts and pickets on the different roads have been them within distances of from 4 to 7 miles. All seems prepared for receiving them as warmly as inferior numbers will admit. My men and horses

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

