
add another year to the war. But results are not for us to consider and orders are received to be obeyed.

We are to fall back to Strasburg. General Shields has received orders similar to your own. There are not less than 17,000 men left in the vicinity of the valley in Jackson's and Ewell's command, and any small force left in the valley will of course receive their attention.

We were within a few miles of Staunton when ordered to halt. I only wish that with my whole force I could have held that place and co-operated with Fremont, who was then coming down from the mountains. The valley would have been cleared of the enemy from the Manassas Gap Railway to the Virginia Central between Staunton and Gordonsville. But that is not in the line of our orders.

I wish, colonel, you would, before you leave for McDowell's position, send us the artillery that belongs to General williams' division. It came from Abercrombie and was left with your command while on its way here. We are very short of artillery. Half our guns are 6-pounder smooth-bores.

It is impossible to anticipate what work lies before us, and I feel the imperative necessity of making preparations for the worst.

I congratulate you on your most deserved promotion, and regret only that your brigade is not to join us again. Our connection has been long and to me most pleasant, and I shall be glad at all times to acknowledge the efficiency, alacrity, and unsurpassed energy and ability with which you have discharged all your duties.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, May 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The withdrawal of General Banks toward Strasburg has apparently allowed the enemy to concentrate in our front in strength. General Blenker's division is ordered forward by forced marches. Meanwhile, to effect a junction, General Schenck was yesterday ordered in retreat with our entire advanced force. General Schenck sent a dispatch from McDowell, dated yesterday afternoon, as follows:

There is not a particle of forage here. The last has given out. The rebels have appeared on the hills overlooking us to-day, and we have shelled them out and had skirmishing, with four regiments to prevent the planting of a battery which might shell us out, and perhaps cover night attack.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 9, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: You will remain at New Creek and immediately push troops forward to this place by forced marches, and with all possible speed all manner of required supplies that can be sent. For this purpose every vehicle and draft animal which the country affords must be pressed immediately into the service. Everything that can be obtained

