
from any quarter in the way of supplies to be at once accumulated at New Creek.

The German detachment to furnish men for Dilger's battery, which is to be sent forward by forced marches to reach here to-morrow morning. See letter by express.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROMNEY, VA., May 9, 1862-3 p. m.

Colonel TRACY:

Stahel's brigade bivouacked at Burlington last night, and is doubtless now nearer Petersburg than here. If you want men from that for artillery, order had better go direct and copy to division headquarters; if from those left, order will be given by me. I telegraphed the speed of the ferry last night. The last regiment is about to cross. Orders are to push steadily and rapidly forward, taking supplies by regiment at Burlington. Have ordered Colonel D'Utassy to remain in command here with those who have no sheds and the sick. One company is retained to guard the ferry and town, General Kelley having withdrawn the company of Keys' cavalry, as you have doubtless been informed.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

ROMNEY, May 9, 1862-5 p. m.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch received. Have telegraphed you Stahel's brigade is nearer you than me; has Sturmfels' battery of four pieces with him; send message to him. Will also send word forward. Your urgency induces me to ask whether precautions are required for this place.

Johnson [playmaster] is here, drying his money. What shall be done with him? Am in the dark.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

ROMNEY, May 9, 1862-5.15 p. m.

Major-General FREMONT:

Have just dispatched Colonel Tracy fully about general business of division and movement of troops. Wait reply to complete everything that can be done here. His dispatch of this morning directs me to New Creek Station to perform duties belonging to the chief quartermaster. My orders from the Secretary of War are explicit to conduct Blenker's division to your command and then report in person to him at Washington. The point where they were to go was Moorefield. You desire them at Petersburg. I have done all I could to get them ready for a campaign. I have brought them hare; crossed them over the river; given General Blenker, a noble and honest old soldier, orders to push on to Petersburg with all possible dispatch, taking only needful supplies at Burlington.

On the receipt of answer to my inquiries from Colonel Tracy I will

