
complete everything here and leave for New Creek Station, where I will write out such information as may be of use to you, and then I trust you will consider my mission as ended. Anything I can properly do in the interim for the good of the service I will attend to with pleasure.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

MONTEREY, May 9, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is now 1 o'clock p. m. We came here, 13 miles, this morning, and have rested the troops and horses, who are much exhausted, until this hour. It is 18 miles to Franklin. We are starting again to make a few more miles to-night, but there is chance of a flank attack at two points where roads come in between this and Franklin. If you have supports near enough advance them to me at once.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP MILROY,

Nine miles south of Franklin, May 9, 1862-10 p. m.

(Received 10th, 3.40 a. m.)

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

I am 9 miles from Franklin. Will march to or near that place to-morrow. Have come 23 miles to-day; did not resume the march from the Junction at 12 o'clock. The appearance of some of the rebel cavalry at our rear and infantry in the woods caused me to make my dispositions for an attack where I had posted myself, but they were probably only following to reconnoiter. They captured, however, and wounded 4 men of one of my pickets. I had a good position for repelling if they had dared to attack, but they did not appear in force.

General Milroy says the scout Slayton is near Camp Alleghany, and had better be sent for.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

RALEIGH COURT-HOUSE,

May 9, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch of yesterday received. Have ordered Colonel Scammon to hold the best position in vicinity of Princeton he can find, keeping only an advance guard at Giles Court-House, unless that point will be easiest held and hardest to turn; in latter case to concentrate there, leaving detachment at Princeton. The Twelfth Ohio left here this morning to join him. I have ordered up Colonel Moor's brigade of three regiments and a battery from Camden. When they reach me I will march to within a day's easy march of Princeton, leaving detachments at quar-

