
termasters' posts on the road. I would not have permitted any advance beyond Princeton till I could bring up more troops, but the opportunity of getting the Narrows of New River seemed too favorable to lose.

As soon as Colonel Crook gets back from his present expedition I intend to move on Lewisburg, unless the commanding general directs otherwise. From Camden Court-House to Princeton is 70 miles, so that it will take several days to make the concentration on this line.

Please inform me where General Milroy is and where General Banks' command is.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH COURT-HOUSE,

May 9, 1862-12 midnight.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

Dispatch of to-day came after I had forwarded Scammon his orders, and too late to go to-day. I think the opportunity may be the best we shall have to do the thing indicated; the chances are in our favor, and I believe I can hurry forward support which will enable us to hold our position at Pearisburg.

Criminals were executed at Chester at 12.30 to-day. Colonel Crook thinks the bushwhackers have generally scattered for their homes. He found none near Addison. Have not yet hard from my detachment in Calhoun.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX,

Raleigh Court-House:

Order your advance to proceed no farther for the present, but devote all your energies to bringing up your main body, even under temporary hardships for want of supplies, so that you may concentrate at once your whole disposable force.

General Milroy's advance was yesterday attacked by the combined forces of Johnson and Jackson. The affair still in progress. General Schenck pushing to his support.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX,

Raleigh Court-House:

Cipher dispatch of to-day received. Direct Colonel Scammon to concentrate his brigade at Pearisburg, and to defer execution of New River Bridge project until this is done. Your forces meanwhile

coming up, you can better support him; then carry out project without loss of an hour's time.

Schenck and Milroy attacked yesterday by Jackson's, Johnson's, and

