
Finding that I could do nothing there I proceeded to Webster County after those who remained there. I could only find three of these men, who were too sick to be removed. My opinion is that the rest had scattered in the mountains, and that as soon as our troops get out of that county they will disband and go to their homes and remain quiet. It is my opinion that the whole party intends disbanding and going to their homes.

I will forward you the reports of the two detachments now out as soon as they return.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, May 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have thrown three more regiments across the river. Have ordered Duryea's brigade to relieve Hartsuff and the latter to join me here, leaving a battery and a regiment of cavalry with Duryea at Catlett's. I have nothing new to-day from the front. Guerrilla parties have shown themselves on this side of the river above in small parties of 10 to 20.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,New Market, Va., May 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I start to-morrow morning. My orders to remain until General Banks was in position at Strasburg or vicinity have delayed me thus long. Unless otherwise ordered we shall go to Front royal, to get forage by railroad, and thence by Chester Gap to Warrenton. I will telegraph General McDowell accordingly. In my opinion there is no force between here and Gordonsville to resist my command. All demonstrations east of us were to cover the retreat of the main body by Petersburg. All on this side of the mountain cover Jackson's, Edward Johnson's, and Ewell's retreat by Lynchburg. This is why I asked to go to Culpeper. A force that could move to Gordonsville and thence to Charlottesville. I cannot learn from General McDowell whether the bridge across the Rappahannock is nearly finished. My delay here is not my fault.

Most sincerely and respectfully,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Near New Market, May 10, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

Fairfax, Department of the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: We take up our line of march to-morrow morning 6

