
CAMP MILROY,

May 10, 1862-11.40 p. m.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

Have just received your dispatch of to-day. I have sent you already this evening my latest information. General McDowell must be mistaken. Finding that neither of his generals commanding nor any part of Blenker's division arrived to-day, as it was expected they would, we are somewhat anxious about a road leading from Stauton to Franklin. When may I expect re-enforcements of any kind? It is important that this should be answered.

In the fight at McDowell Friday evening a prominent rebel officer on horseback was killed, probably a general, and we have some reason to believe it was Johnson.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 10, 1862-1 a. m.

Brigadier-General COX,

Raleigh Court-House:

Your dispatch received. Under the circumstances you mention let Colonel Scammon execute without delay the orders sent on the 8th.

FREMONT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 10, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX, Charleston:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith you will find a copy of a written order, which, to save time, I have transmitted direct to colonel Lightburn at Charleston. You will direct him to carry it into effect, and at the same time give such other and more specific instructions as your greater familiarity with the district will enable you to frame.

The Mouth of Coal and Barboursville are suggested as better positions even for temporary occupation than Winfield.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 10, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Commanding at Charleston:

COLONEL: Governor Peirpoint has received intelligence, which he considers reliable, that the Jenkins Cavalry are on the headwaters of the Guyandotte and the rivers that interlock therewith, and that guerrilla parties are forming within 50 miles of the Ohio River, who have already shot and killed peaceable citizens in Wayne and other border counties. He states that the inhabitants of Point Pleasant, Gallipolis, Ironton, and other border towns are in great fear of the long-threatened vengeance of Jenkins and Clarksonk, and are moving away in considerable numbers.

