
Every precaution should be taken to prevent any repetition of the Guyandotte massacre, and to quiet the apprehensions of the loyal inhabitants of that section. To this end every effort should be made by frequent and sudden attacks, by rapid marches without transportation, by surprises and severity, to destroy all bands forming and organized in your district, and by terrifying these marauders finally to uproot the whole system.

All details must from the nature of the case by left to your own judgement and discretion, but you are generally instructed to exert all your activity, energy, and skill to the accomplishment of this end.

Similar instructions have been sent to Colonel Cranor, commanding at Piketon, Ky., with whom you will co-operate.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 10, 1862-2 p. m.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Commanding at Charleston:

Jenkins' cavalry said to be on the headwaters of the Guyandotte; other guerrilla parties forming within 50 miles of the Ohio River, with the design of attacking Point Pleasant, Gallipolis, and other border towns. Use every effort by rapid marches and sudden surprises to extirpate these marauders. Letter sent to-day. Captain Young's company has been mustered in by Major Weed. Should they want arms, Enfield rifles now at New Creek will be furnished them upon requisition.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP PIATT, May 10, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel, commanding Post, Charleston, Va.:

SIR: I was sent on detached service from Parkersburg by Colonel Loeser, Eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, to bring in the detachment commanded by First Lieutenant F. Newman, who had been reported killed, and when I arrived at Charleston I reported myself to General J. D. Cox, and started from Camp Piatt with an escort of 4 cavalry for Wyoming.

When I arrived there I was informed by Mr. William B. Cook that Lieutenant Newman had been killed on the afternoon of Friday, 11th of April, on Indian Creek, by a party of bushwhackers, 5 in number, under the lead of a man named George Morgan, who lives on Indian Creek.

Lieutenant Newman, at the time of his death, was 6 miles in advance of his men, and in company with William Henderson, formerly colonel of militia of Wyoming County. At the time of his being fired at by the rebels he had discovered them and called on them to deliver up their arms, which they refused to do, and fired on him and Mr. Henderson. It is thought that Morgan himself shot Lieutenant Newman, the ball

