
of Huff our men were waylaid by a party of 17 of Morgan's bushwhackers, and Lieutenant Newman and 3 privates drove them off, one private, William C. Cook, receiving a wound in the fleshy part of his right thigh from a rifle-ball.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

F. MATHERS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Eighth Regiment Va. Vol. Infty.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX:

Your written dispatch of May 2 received and disposition approved. I telegraphed you early this morning to have my order of the 8th carried into effect at once, as originally directed. Governor of Virginia fears a repetition of the Guyandotte massacre. He states that about the same force is now at Guyandotte as was there then; that monitions of war certainly find their way southward though the Guyandotte Valley; that Jenkins and Clarkson are on the heads of Guyandotte, and are threatening vengeance against Point Pleasant, Gallipolis, and border towns, and that guerrilla bands have already killed peaceable citizens in Wayne, Logan, and other border counties. Your forces left behind are sufficient to keep the country if they are prompt and active, marching rapidly and without transportation, falling upon these bands and destroying them wherever found. I send letter to-day, inclosing copy of written order, sent to save time, directly to Colonel Lightburn at Charleston, which you will instruct him to execute. Have also sent him by telegraph the substance of this dispatch. Orders of the same general character have been sent to colonel Cranor at Piketon, with whom your forces should co-operate. Captain Young's company has been mustered in by Major Weed. Should they want arms, Enfield rifles now at New Creek will be furnished them upon requisition.

ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant adjutant-General.

RALEIGH COURT-HOUSE,

May 10, 1862-9 p. m.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

Dispatch ordering movements received, and order issued by me accordingly. Shall march Colonel Moor's brigade also forward without tents, for I must use the regimental teams to supply food. No part of the additional transportation has arrived yet. The same cause has delayed the completion of the telegraph line, which I am hurrying forward. My orders will reach Scammon to-night.

J. F. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP MILROY, May 10, 1862.

General FREMONT:

General Schenck, I presume, has kept you fully advised of all matters of importance that have transpired in this part of the detachment since he joined me. Two of my most valuable scouts, who were over in

