
the vicinity of Staunton at the time Jackson's and Johnson's forces advanced across the Shenandoah, got in this evening through many narrow escape. They report that they were on the North Mountain, near Buffalo Gap, the day of the fight at McDowell, and that after Jackson's forces had left three large trains arrived from the direction of Staunton filled with soldiers, who disembarked, and the trains went back, and that from various sources they had learned that Jackson's and Johnson's forces united were about 14,000 previous to the re-enforcements.

My scouts to-day report the enemy's pickets, cavalry and infantry, within 12 miles of this place, which is not defensible.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, VA., May 10, 1862-12.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Rear of our column left Burlington shortly after 3 this a. m. for Petersburg. Will arrive there this evening or early to-morrow. Here, at General Fremont's request, to forward, by my presence and authority, with all vigor, needful supplies, while making such statements of the affairs of the division as my be useful to him and to the service. Shall go down to Petersburg, if necessary or desired, before I return to Washington.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

NEW CREEK, May 10, 1862.

(Received 10.20 a. m.)

Major-General FREMONT:

Your dispatches of last evening overtook me at Burlington. The rear of the column left this morning at 4; I rode over here. Your written dispatch also received. Was convinced that it was a mistake, arising from pressure of affairs. Will do all in my power to forward everything and regulate whatever you desire. Send temporary authority. If you wish, will come soon to Petersburg. Use Blenker; he is the soldier, and is honest, brave, and has the spirit of the profession. He needs only good direction and good chief quartermaster.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNTAIN DEPT., HDQRS. ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Petersburg, Va., May 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

New Creek, Va.:

Dispatch received. Orders having been given from these headquarters to the several chiefs of departments of supply requiring their most earnest and active attention to business in hand, and the division of General Blenker being now well on the way and beginning to arrive, the general commanding is able to relieve you from exercise of the special supervision requested in former dispatch.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

