
mander in Fredericksburg that the object of our troops there is not an offensive one. A collision is to be avoided, if possible. Accordingly, all the cavalry, except what may be required for vedettes, will be withdrawn this evening, and the infantry will be posted as near town as possible, so that they may have the protection of the batteries on this side.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

PETERSBURG, VA., May 11, 1862-1.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Schenck reports from 2 miles south of Franklin certain information that the rebels have a strong picket advanced to within 9 miles of this camp, on the road from Monterey, and near the place where he encamped last night. Three of General Milroy's best scouts sent in direction of Staunton have just returned. They ascertained that Jackson's and Johnson's forces amounted to 14,000, and were being re-enforced three days ago by troops arriving in trains at Staunton. They know of three long trains full.

In the fight at McDowell Friday enemy had a prominent rebel officer killed, probably a general, and there is some reason to believe it is Johnston [E. Johnson].

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

(Same to Banks.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Parkersburg, Va.:

Milroy and Schenck report to-day from Franklin that enemy are throwing strong force down by Alleghany, Cheat Mountain, and Beverly, and may get as far as Grafton. Concentrate all the force you can spare at Grafton.

Harris ordered to concentrate at Buckhannon.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, May 11, 1862-1 a. m.

Brigadier-General SCHENCK, Franklin:

Re-enforcements have nearly come up, but want rest. You may expect us to join you by forced marches within the next two days, or three at furthest. Meanwhile keep your scouts and spies busily engaged to prevent any attack by superior numbers in your present position. Report frequently.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

