
CAMP MILROY, May 11, 1862.

Colonel TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Finding the arrival of re-enforcements so uncertain, I am moving my whole force to-day to the hill at the town of Franklin, 2 miles.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, May 11, 1862.

(Received 1 p. m.)

General FREMONT:

In consequence of the non-arrival of your forces, as expected, and of our indefensible position, 1 mile above here, our two brigades are moving into town to take position around it. colonel Downey is also arriving. The enemy's scouts are around us, and occasionally fire into our pickets. We are getting a strong position here, and will hold it until further orders. I am induced to believe, from reports of scouts and refugees, that the enemy are throwing a strong force rapidly down by Alleghany, Cheat Mountain, and Beverly, and may get as far as Grafton. Every interest of duty and humanity requires that the loyal citizens on that line who have taken sides with the Union, trusting in our ability to hold the country, should not be abandoned to the fury of the infernal devils who will overrun their country. Their is also a large amount of military stores yet on that line which ought to be saved if possible. I would suggest that a brigade be sent up on that line from Webster at once. I hope we will be able to take the offensive on back track soon again.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, May 11, 1862.

(Received 4.45 p. m.)

Colonel TRACY:

Have fallen back from Camp Milroy, 2 miles below, to Franklin. Enemy appeared in force toward Monterey. We can hold him there, I believe.

Colonel Downey came through from Moorefield safely. If the rebels are kept out of our rear we can hold our own. General Schenck will communicate directly.

DONN PIATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, May 11, 1862.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

We are in the town on the hills, with a wide field to defend. Rebels followed us down the valley, skirmishing a little with my brigade in the rear. They are now attempting to pass around over the hills to our left as we enter the town. Two regiments are now skirmishing a little with them. I expect to be attacked in force, and on perhaps more than one side.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

