
them at bay until you come, and perhaps can do something more. Their number we cannot give, because they occupy hills and woods where they are little seen, but we suppose they consist, as at McDowell, of at least the combined forces of Jackson and Johnson. I have what I consider reliable information that in the hot fight on that hill at McDowell they lost in killed and wounded considerably more than we, and among them were General Johnson, mortally wounded, and Colonel Jackson, killed, and the colonel of the Twelfth Georgia, killed.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, May 11, 1862.

Colonel TRACY:

I have just answered as to enemy in my Numbers 5, about to be sent. The hills are extensive, but we understand the points of the position, and Milroy and I are co-operating fully and with close understanding. He has just left me to go and have a point strengthened at my desire on his side.

We can do nothing with abatis or earthworks, and shall not need them.

Now hear my Numbers 5.

SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, May 1, 1862-10.15 p. m.

Colonel TRACY:

Do not think Ewell is with them. Prisoners taken at McDowell do not mention or know of him.

We are threatened on our left flank only thus far-that is, from the west. It is my right as I defend up the river, and Milroy's left, who defends looking down the roads toward enemy. Enemy wants to get between you and us apparently, but has done nothing decided yet to effect it, and I think cannot succeed. You can yet march straight up the road from Petersburg to Milroy's position. You might turn to your right on the Centreville road, immediately in front of Milroy, and come upon him. Can tell you better in the morning, and will not fail to make any suggestion. Can you come in twenty-four hours?

My brigade marched to McDowell, 34 miles, in twenty-four hours, and then the Eighty-second took active part in the fight up a steep mountain ridge.

SCHENCK.

BUCKHANNON, May 1, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

I have 100 men, under Captain Morgan, in Webster County, ordered to scout the country for ten days from the 8th, in order to take in detail detachments of the guerrillas that will return to Webster County in small parties and by different routes when driven by our forces from Calhoun, Gilmer, and Braxton. Have three good companies in Braxton, under Captain Darnall, disposed at different points and scouting different neighborhoods, for the protection of that county and to cut off

