
retreat of the forces that attacked Arnoldsburg. My Glenville company is being used for the protection of Gilmer County, though out of my district, as it has been recruited in that county and is still recruiting, not being yet full. The company stationed here is scouting in Webster and Braxton. The Barbour company was mustered in last week with a first lieutenant and is still recruiting; lacks 28 men of being up to the minimum, and, as we have no other troops in Barbour, is charged with the duty of protecting the bridge across Tygart's Valey River at Philippi.

The forces cannot be removed from their present employment without leaving counties named exposed to the ravages of guerrillas. It would also be impossible to concentrate them within a week. I await your orders.

T. M. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Eleventh Virginia Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Petersburg, Va., May 11, 1862.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Buckhannon, Va.:

Telegraphed you at Weston as follows:

Three hundred guerrillas reported by General Schenck on North Fork of South Branch and Seneca Creek frightening and driving Union people.

Dispatch from General Milroy at Franklin says that enemy are throwing strong force down by Alleghany, Cheat Mountain, and Beverly, and may get as far as Grafton. You must concentrate or lose your men. Concentrate at Buckhannon. General Kelley informed to this effect. Norfolk taken by General Wool and the Merrimac blown up.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKERSBURG, May 11, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

I arrived here last night, and will move to-day with what force I have here (three companies) to Elizabeth and Burning Springs; thence to Spencer and Arnoldsburg. I am not yet able to get reliable information of the number or whereabouts of the guerrillas, but believe from all accounts there is a force, but the people are so alarmed and excited that it is impossible to get any information that is reliable. I have sent a force from Clarksburg and from Ellenborough to Arnoldsburg, by different routes, to meet me there, hoping by this means to surround and kill or capture the guerrillas.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

RALEIGH, May 11, 1862.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

I think our arrangements will protect the Guyandotte Valley. Have ordered one company posted at Hurricane Bridge; three companies

