
cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Richmond, who has not yet reported for duty, at Coalsmouth. These, with the posts, and Charleston, Camp Piatt, Chapmanville, Gauley Bridge, and this place, will make it unsafe for rebel cavalry to venture down Guyandotte. Have ordered underbrush burned out of woods where guerrillas have frequented. Utmost energy and activity used against them.

Colonel Moor's brigade reached here last night, making a march of 25 miles, and coming in in good order. They will go 10 miles toward Princeton this afternoon, and probably reach there to-morrow night. I would like to have Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Hayes put on examining board, vice Colonel Loeser, removed out of my command. Our work was not complete, and there are still incompetents to be got rid of.

Telegraph will be completed to Flat Top to-day, and will move my headquarters there to-morrow.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Raleigh Court-House, May 11, 1862.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding First Brigade:

SIR: The Second Brigade arrived here last night after a march of 25 miles and were in bivouac last night. Half the Thirty-fourth started at sunrise this morning for Princeton. The rest of the brigade will rest part of to-day and then move forward also. Let me know what you find in your front. The scout Simpkins, who was with Colonel Hayes, informs me there is a way of turning Cloyd's Mountain by the south. It my become necessary for you to look up such a road, and therefore I mention it. Our line is now so extended, and you are so far from your supports, that you will need to keep your troops well in hand, so as to fall back in order if you should meet an overwhelming force. I do not anticipate this, however, and have great faith in the success of your expedition. Keep me fully informed daily.

McClellan is pushing forward rapidly on Richmond, and If we cut this line of communication for the rebels there will be a stampede among them or a capture of a considerable part of their Eastern Virginia army. Let all the transportation you can spare come back for supplies at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,One mile below Narrows, May 11, 1862-8.10.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On my arrival at this place I found Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, with the Twenty-third Regiment and Gilmore's cavalry, he having retreated from Pearisburg yesterday morning. It seems that he was assailed by a greatly superior force of the enemy, and, according to orders in such an event, given before your last, he retreated in excellent order, losing but 2 men killed and 5 or 6 wounded. The enemy are reported to have

