
continuous railroad communication transportation of tools by wagons will be required.

This organization is designed only for bridges.

To reconstruct roads a separate or additional organization will be required; 500 efficient men, exclusive of guards, would probably be sufficient for all purposes. The organization will of course vary in the different stages, and must be adapted to the changing conditions as the work progresses.

NEW MARKER, May 12, 1862-7 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Our column moved this morning-my division for Strasburg, General Shields' for Catlett's Station. The enemy is still in position. Jackson and Johnson united near Staunton. Ewell on Gordonsville road. Three late deserters from America Army were taken prisoners yesterday-Ciprini, Beaumont, and Vesquair. They report rumors in rebel camp of contemplated attack on Washington, and instructions to Beauregard by Davis to attempt recapture of New Orleans. They say rebels of army much reduced since fall of New Orleans. They say rebels will make stand at Hanover Station if they fall back from Fredericksburg.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WOODSTOCK, VA., May 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My command reached this place at noon, and will be at Strasburg to-morrow morning. Our rear guard reports that Jackson with his force now occupies Harrisonburg. The prisoners referred to in my dispatch to-day will be sent to Washington to-morrow. No new occurrence of importance.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WOODSTOCK, May 12, 1862.

General JOHN C. FREMONT:

Your dispatch received.* My command reached this point at noon, and it, under orders, will be at Strasburg to-morrow. Jackson with his force is at Harrisonburg; Ewell this side of Blue Ridge, as before. Nothing of importance to report except our movements, which is great grief to us. Your cipher, being hastily written, is sometimes difficult to interpret.

Please allow me to solicit attention to this.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Fremont to Stanton, May 11, p. 171.

---------------

