
Numbers 12.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Generals Schenck and Milroy have been pressed back to Franklin, where they are stationed on the heights before a largely superior army of the enemy, who are endeavoring to outflank them. Skirmishing all day yesterday, with trifling loss. Blenker's division arrived yesterday at 3.30. The men too much fatigued to go farther. Our whole force is on the road since 3 this morning. A general engagement expected tonight or to-morrow morning. In the affair of Friday the rebel General Johnson is said to have been mortally wounded. A Colonel Jackson and a Georgia colonel killed.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SCHENCK'S BRIGADE, MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Franklin, May 12, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Chief of Staff of Major-General Fremont:

COLONEL: The messengers of the general commanding have just arrived (7 o'clock p. m.), announcing his near approach.

Since 12 m. to-day I have not been able to get a telegram through. A repairing party has been sent out to ascertain what is wrong.

The inclosed dispatch, not sent, will explain the situation of affairs up to that hour. All has been quiet this afternoon. Scouts not yet returned from Circleville. Some intelligence just received induces me to think that I was right in my conclusion that the whole force with which we were confronted at McDowell is not before us now. However, we have another night only to be watchful against what may be superior numbers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Numbers 6.] FRANKLIN, May 12, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

The night has passed quietly. The rebels have obtained no position that commands ours in any way. Some little skirmishing on my right this morning, in which Downey was engaged. He had 1 man killed. My cavalry scouts have been well out on the Harrisonburg road all night, and found nothing in that direction. General Milroy's scouts up the Circleville road to the left of his position report having heard what they thought the rumbling of artillery in movement, which might be getting on a road which comes into the turnpike from the west about 6 miles north of us. I have ordered Milroy to send forward a party to get to that intersecting point, picket it, and scout up the road, and if anything is discovered report directly to General Fremont, as well as here. It is a road leading from Eli Hammer's, on the turnpike, to the North Fork.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

