HEADQUARTERS,Loup of Big Sewall, May 12 [1862]-11 p. m.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We left Meadow Bluff last night at 7 o'clock; marched until 10 o'clock; lay in ambush with my infantry until 12.30 o'clock on the Lewisburg road. I ordered Major Hoffman to take the Blue Sulphur road; proceeded cautiously through Sulphur to the Lewisburg road at Bunger's Mill, 4 miles form Lewisburg, where we were to meet at 4 a. m., and where it was said the secession cavalry were quartered. When the infantry were within 3 miles of the mill we were fired upon by a cavalry picket. We succeeded in capturing one and running two into the woods. One got away and started for the mill or this place. Our cavalry had got across onto the same road and took this picket and two others.

Our cavalry were fired on about the same time that the infantry were. All took the double-quick. We arrived within 1 mile of this place, where we waited for daylight. As soon as daylight we moved on and attacked the enemy on the hill above the town. We met about 90 cavalry in columns. We advanced at a run. After the two first rounds from our infantry they broke for Dixie, and our cavalry charged after them and followed them to within 1 mile of White Sulphur, succeeding in killing one and capturing their train of baggage-three wagons. Have taken 6 prisoners. We took quiet possession of the town, which we now hold.

[Signed by lieutenant-colonel commanding detachment.]

I have the honor to forward the above dispatch, received from Lewisburg. My command will be in Lewisburg by 9 a. m. Wednesday, when I expect to join Colonel Crook.

Respectfully,

S. A. GILBERT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Camp at East River, May 12, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: To-day I have allowed this command, including the Twelfth Regiment, which arrived early last evening, to rest. All were greatly fatigued, and the rest was imperatively needed. I have sent a foraging party across the New River to get forage and meat. They have succeeded in getting a considerable quantity to eke out our scanty supplies. I hope to get enough to make up three or four days' rations at the upper entrance of the Narrows.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes complains greatly of the want of re-enforcements. This of course. You are aware of the true state of the case from my former reports, and the whole fault, as far as there is fault in the case, apart from delay in getting up supplies, consists in our advance being too far in front of its supports without proper authority. It was a fault, but one not attended with as serious consequences as such eager haste to keep the advance might be expected to entail.

