
As my men will be sufficiently rested to-morrow I propose to move as early as the day after to recover the ground lost by their retreat and secure the passage of the Narrows. I think it can be turned, and that, now our cannon has reached us, we shall be able to make good our advance, as required by instructions based upon the orders of the general commanding this department. Meantime it is essentially important that supplies of provisions and ammunition should be pushed forward with or in advance of the force that is intended to support the advanced brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMONY,

Colonel Commanding First Provisional Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Fredericksburg, May 13, 1862. (Received 2.25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing especial as to the movements of the enemy in my front has transpired within the last twenty-four hours. Colonel Hupt intimates that he will be able to commence using the railroad between Aquia and Fredericksburg by the last of this week. The bridge over the Potomac Creek will soon be done. The one over the Rappahannock is progressing, but not as fast as I could wish. Those in charge say they have been poorly supplied from Washington with tools and materials. They have had to wait for rails, for pulleys, and are without suitable engines for the work to be done. If he can be spared I would like that Colonel McCallum be sent down to inspect the line and see what it needs, and that he be instructed to give it whatever may be required without delay.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

STRASBURG, May 13, 1862-9 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My command reached Strasburg this morning aft 12, the rear guard still remaining at Woodstock. The enemy is reported to be in force at Harrisonburg and his cavalry near Mount Jackson.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAT TOP MOUNTAIN, May 13, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Scammon has withdrawn his advance guard from Pearisburg, in view of a threatened attack by a force of rebels said, on good authority, to be 800. He is at mouth of Lost river, with orders to act very circumspectly until I can concentrate. He reports his present position a good one.

The first small installment of mules is at Gauley Bridge. They are

