
our great necessity. Our motion must be comparatively slow till we get the means of feeding ourselves more rapidly.

Colonel Crook's brigade is moving on Lewisburg; he must be now in the Cheat Mountain country. The telegraph has just reached here. It will take two more days to get to Princeton.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Franklin, Va., May 13, 1862-noon.

General JACOB D. COX:

Dispatch received. We have just arrived. The enemy gone from here, and will doubtless be obliged to leave Cheat Mountain Summit region, if he has not already. All right here and everywhere. Kelley and Harris will take care of guerrillas, while regulars retire before us.

FREMONT,

Major-General.

P. S.-Jackson moving toward Shenandoah Mountain. Trains loaded with soldiers arrived at Staunton nearly a week ago, possibly intended for Lewisburg. We will ascertain and act accordingly.

By order of General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Mouth of East river, Va., May 13, 1862.

Captain BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: All goes very well here except our commissariat, and that gives no uneasiness except for the future. The move I learn of the real condition of things here the more satisfied I feel with our prospects. I am very desirous however that supplies should be pushed forward, although I have a firm persuasion that we shall find them before us. I wish also that the rifles for the Twenty-third Regiment could be sent forward, for they would be beyond price in the mountains. These and the ammunition remaining at Raleigh are our needs.

To-day I complete the examination of our proposed route en avant, and hope to act precisely as I have before indicated. We are yet all right.

Perhaps in my vexation I have been rather too severe in condemnation of stretching our line beyond its proper tension, but as no very serious consequences have ensued I am disposed to take a better view of what I still condemn.

As to supplies, i have reason to hope that the country in front will not be found desolate. To-day several persons, who have furnished supplies of forage, and bacon, taking quartermaster's receipts, have also desired to take the oath, and, although I cannot confide in them, I believe that they mean to be sincere.

My men are in good spirits, and we can move with alacrity when I can see it right to give the word. There is no delay beyond what is demanded by good policy as well as proper discretion. If this seems

