
like self-approval I cannot help it. It is my opinion. I apprehend that our work will be chiefly at Cloyd's Mountain or its vicinity, but it is not, I think, a more serious batter than the delay of the few supplies that are so very necessary to us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,East River, Tuesday, May 13, 1862.

General JACOB D. COX:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday reached me at 2 a. m. to-day (or last night).

I am confident that the report of the enemy's numbers is not greatly exaggerated, perhaps not at all, but I make some allowances for a little magnifying of force by a smaller force not holding its position even when not censurable. I have taken all measures for ascertaining the force and position of the enemy, and will send back to you as soon as definite results of inquiry are received.

As to ammunition, the Thirtieth has 50 rounds, the Twenty-third 50 to 60, the Twelfth 60. There is nothing to prevent motion to the front save quartermaster's and commissary stores. i doubt not that there may be an effort on the part of the enemy to come in this way as they are driven back from the east. I think the strongest position between Princeton and this point is at the crossing of East River, where the East River road joins the road to the Narrows.

As to making an advance to possess the south end of the Narrows and mouth of Wolf Creek, I will be governed by your instructions to the letter, and only move up to that point if from reports I feel confident of being able to hold the point as well as take it.

Will send you another courier as soon as I hear from the front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMONY,

Colonel, commanding Brigade.

As to commissary supplies, hard bread is the most important.

E. P. S.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 14, 1862. (Received 6 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Brigadier-General Hartsuff, with his brigade, arrived here this morning from Catlett's, having been replaced there by Brigadier-General Duryea. The remaining regiments of Brigadier-General Ricketts' brigade have also arrived. The enemy, from all the information we gather, remains as before reported. I have not found out lately whether he has been re-enforced to any extent or not. The men captured by Major Duffie, belonging to the Thirteenth South Carolina, are said to have joined the so-called Army of the Rappahannock the day they were taken.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

