
sweep away the trestle work, and cut off all passing for seven days and all effective crossing of supplies for ten days. The division during this delay laid in bivouac about 5 miles east of Winchester. On the 30th ultimo, that is to say fourteen days after, the sheltertents arrived, and the troops, through the energetic efforts of Major Patton and the other paymaster, were paid off, but had to march without shoes.

The First Brigade moved on the 1st instant to find shoes and clothing at Romney.

The Second and Third awaited their arrival and the arrival of horseshoes until the 4th,, when horseshoes were received.

On the 6th, the battery and cavalry horses having been shod, the command moved, encamping that night at Back Creek, 10 miles west of Winchester.

On the 7th they marched 18 miles and encamped at North River.

On the 8th they reached Romney, drew subsistence; and on the 9th left Romney at 2 a. m., crossing the South Branch, and reaching Burlington at 7 p. m.

On the 10th they left Burlington at 3 a. m. and proceeded to Petersburg, which they reached on the morning of the 11th.

Having accomplished my mission, I proceeded to New Creek Station, and there prepared a written report to General Fremont, giving the itinerary of the march, and another giving the wants, supplies, and deficiencies of the command.

Having done this I left New Creek Station on the morning of the 13th, reached Washington at 7 p. m., and reported at the Adjutant-General's Office and aft the War Office this morning at 9 a. m.

In closing this report I deem it my duty to say that I think well of the German division, and of General Blenker himself, who has the experience and spirit of the soldier.

The chief faults appear to proceed from the want of a knowledge of the rules and regulations of the service, the disregard of them in minor matters by the field officers of some regiments, and the want of a highly capable and efficient division staff.

If the troops are well supervised, with a view to meet these defects, under the eye of a vigilant and able commander, the corps will do superior service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

MOUNTAIN DEPT., HDQRS. ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 14, 1862.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Burning Springs:

Information concerning rebel movement toward Grafton probably incorrect. Our movements will probably prevent enemy's crossing the mountains in any considerable force. Will keep you informed and send for the regiments if necessary.

By order of Major-General Remont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

