HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS D'ARMEE,Strasburg, March 25, 1862-1.10 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have ordered General Abercrombie to advance from Aldie, where he now is, to Manassas, and commence reconstructions of the road and telegraph toward Strasburg. Colonel Geary, at Aldie, will take position, if practicable, at White Plains, 10 miles south of Aldie, on the road. We shall begin the bridge at Strasburg to-day, and if possible send our force over the road to Manassas. This may be impracticable, but we shall try it.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, March 25, 1862.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is nothing to prevent the bold rebel Ashby, with 1,000 cavalry, followed by Jackson's infantry, dashing across from Woodstock to Moorefield, yet my Connecticut cavalry are not sent in this emergency because they are not paid. Why in God's name cannot a pay-master follow them, and I implore you to send there immediately at least one section of the battery promised me, if horses have to be pressed.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

CUMBERLAND, March 25, 1862.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have done all I could with the almost no force I have. The following is from the quartermaster whom I sent this morning to Martinsburg:

Simmons just in from Winchester. He says Colonel Kimball was chasing the rebels last night. The Eighty-fourth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania suffered very severely; also Daum's battery. Winchester was considered safe this morning and the rebels panic-stricken. Transportation in a bad condition and no instructions left to act upon. I have ordered horses and shall send a train of forage and ammunition down as soon as they arrive on my own responsibility. No commissary stores demanded just now; need hospital stores most.

F. W. HURTT.

I want cavalry in this division at Springfield and elsewhere immediately. I hear also from Hurtt that the Sixty-seventh and the Eighth Ohio suffered severely yesterday.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

STRASBURG, March 26, 1862-1 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

The enemy has retreated to Mount Jackson, possibly to Staunton. Our cavalry advancing as far as Woodstock. No troops. The advance brigade has taken a strong position 4 or 5 miles in advance of the

