
FALMOUTH, May 15, 1862.

(Received 6.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is reported by a person just from below that forces of the enemy were passing from near richmond to Gordonsville, it was said to join Jackson. There was a good deal of firing across and down the river last night and this morning. The re-enforcements received yesterday are said to be 2,000, and from the number of cavalry which accompanied the two regiments of infantry I think this may be so. The wet weather makes it difficult for the men to work on these high trestles of round timber and retards the building of the bridges. The engineers say, however, they will be done this week.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, NEAR RECTORTOWN, May 15, 1862.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just received-9.30 o'clock p. m.-a dispatch from Major Tyndale, under my orders commanding at Front Royal, in which he says:

General Shields' advanced brigade reports having seen a number of rebels in front of Chester Gap this afternoon. Shields is going on to Warrenton. After he passes this detachment and neighborhood must be re-enforced.

The major further says he believes that rebel cavalry and light troops are advancing on both sides of the Shenandoah, and will attack this road as soon as Shields is out of the way, and that the thing is feasible, since General Banks is no longer to the south of us.

Very respectfully,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 15, 1862.

General WADSWORTH, Washington:

General McDowell has received a report from General Geary respecting an attack on his line. Please direct him at once to establish block-houses for the protection of the bridges, in which the guard will be amply secure from any attack of cavalry which may be made against them.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Franklin, May 15, 1862. (Received 2.25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The rebel army, said to number 14,000, with thirty pieces of artillery, under General Jackson, are now in full retreat toward the Shenandoah Mountain. Weather stormy.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

