
Numbers 1.] MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX, Princeton:

Your dispatch received. The enemy which had been pursuing Generals Schenck and Milroy retreated on Monday evening upon my arrival within 10 miles of this place, and are said to be on their way back to the Shenandoah Mountain. The simultaneous appearance of these two armies in front of this position and yours may be a feint to cover a more important movement on the railroad. It is therefore desirable that the operations directed on the 8th should be effected as soon as possible. Number your telegrams hereafter, as we will do.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.] MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX, Princeton:

Information derived from Mr. J. B. Temple, president Military board, Frankfort, Ky., seems reliable, of arrogant and threatening conduct on the part of the rebels-secret meetings, drilling, and preparations for a general outbreak simultaneous with an invasion of Eastern Kentucky by forces under Humphrey Marshall. Considerable parties are reported passing through to the Virginia lines. The case is one which requires serious and immediate attention. I have therefore instructed Colonel Lightburn to communicate with Mr. Temple upon the subject of his letter, and shall expect you to exercise your utmost vigilance to ascertain and report all movements of the rebels looking toward that quarter, and to repress, so far as is in your power, any mischief they may set on foot. The design may be to re-enforce the rebels now in your front.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 16, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

What is the strength of your force now actually with you?

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 16, 1862. (Received 11.40 a. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

In answer to your telegram of this morning I have to report now actually with me at this place, as the strength of my force, 30,112 officers and men for duty; at Belle Plain and Aquia Creek, as guards and unloading stores, repairing railroad and wharf, &amp;c., 1,361 officers and men.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

