
The officer who dispatches the train will be held responsible for the strict execution of this order.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Numbers 72. Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 16, 1862.

Brigadier-Generals Ricketts and Hartsuff will cause requisitions to be made out at once for shelter-tents for the troops of their respective brigade; all other tents will be turned in as soon as shelter-tents can be obtained, except those for the use of commissioned officers. Whether shelter-tents can be obtained or not, the troops will leave behind the large tents should they be ordered to move.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Franklin, Va., may 16, 1862.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Dispatch received.* This the third day of a storm. Have just come to this point by a forced march, in advance of supplies, to relieve Generals Schenck and Milroy, closely pressed and hemmed in by a force estimated at 14,000. i am still in advance of supplies. Men suffering; transportation deficient, but being remedied to some extent and as fast as possible. No forage in this country to be at all relied upon. First object is to destroy force reported intrenched 22 miles in front. Am directing another force upon railroad to break it, agreeably to plan. Expect to be shortly successful, as the force is already near. Having done these two things, which will be done as quickly as possible, will execute with rapidity what you propose. In respect to these two points I will keep you frequently informed of progress. We are endeavoring to get up ammunition and other stores. Entire insufficiency of transportation has thus far crippled us. Please answer if I shall make movements in reference to the march you propose.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Princeton, May 16, 1862.

Colonel A. MOOR,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: Leave half a regiment at French's, and move with the bulk of your force to the Wytheville road and find a strong position, and hold it at all hazards, or, if forced to retreat, do so on the direct road leading to this place from those cross-roads. I think the report of Marshall's force is exaggerated, but this movement, speedily made, will be best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Reference is to dispatch of same date quoted in Fremont's report, Part I, p. 10.

---------------

