
would be well for you to put yourself in communication with him. I do not understand what Maryland regiments can be stationed at New Creek nor the object gained by placing them there.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FRANKLIN, VA., May 17, 1862.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In explanation of the position of General Cox I transmit the following telegram from hi, date yesterday at Princeton, and just received by me:

Numbers 1.]

Will do everything possible to provide against mischief in Kentucky, according to your Numbers 2. Am waiting the arrival of some ammunition and provisions to attack the rebels in front. Their numbers are reported large, but I think exaggerated. I have no means of communication with Colonel Cranor's command in Kentucky. Where is he? To-day colonel Crook's brigade met only a few cavalry near Lewisburg. Greenbrier Bridge was not injured. I suppose the enemy's force which has been between Lewisburg and Abingdon is concentrated in front of me, but the show us no disposition for aggressive movements at present.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, VA., May 17, 1862.

(Received 17th, midnight.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A telegram from Gauley Bridge, 7.35 p. m., states as follows:

Messenger just reached Raleigh reports that General Cox recaptured Princeton this morning.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 18, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Franklin:

This Department would be very glad to furnish you with the re-en- forcements you ask for, but there is not a single regiment or company at its disposal or that can be withdrawn from its present position. Five generals in the field besides yourself are asking for troops.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, May 18, 1862.

(Received 11.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The aspect of affairs in the valley of Virginia is becoming very threatening, and grave apprehension again exists of the destruction of our road. Jackson is reported as having been re-enforced by Ewell's division, and it is rumored that Wigfall is also moving ato add his forces.

