
The retreat of General Banks before General Jackson and the removal of the best forces from the railroad for General Banks' assistance create great uneasiness. The enterprise and vigor of Jackson are well known, and the great importance attached by the enemy to the destruction of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad accounts for his movements. Under the circumstances will it not be most judicious to order back General Shields to co-operate with General Banks? Such a movement might be accomplished in time to prevent disaster.

I feel it a duty to present this matter for your consideration and action.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 18, 1862.

Major-General McDowell,

War Department, Washington:

General Shields, through a staff officer, who telegraphs from Manassas this morning, inquires where he is to post his division and take up his headquarters-by selecting grounds either at Warrenton Town or Warrenton Junction? He appeared not to know. He is expected to move as soon as possible on this point. I have told him to do so. Telegrams of the 7th, 8th, and 15th May contained directions the that effect.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

MOUNTAIN DEPT., HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 18, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Charleston:

Send following dispatch immediately to Colonel Crook, viz:

General Cox has succeeded in repulsing the enemy at Princeton, but is not strong enough to produce any desired result. You are therefore directed to march without the least delay to re-enforce him. You will take the road by Palestine and Anderson's Ferry, keeping on the north side of Greenbrier River till you reach Pack's Ferry. Should this rod be impracticable, which is left to your judgment to decide, I think it best for you to fall back to Gauley Bridge, and thence make your way as rapidly as possible to Flat Top Maintain. Report what you have done to these headquarters and to General Cox.

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Falmouth, May 19, 1962. (Received 9.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The bridge over Rappahannock will be done to-day and will soon be in condition for the trains. General Shields arrived at Catlett's last night, and will be here in two days. I hope and expect to be ready by the time he arrives to keep him marching. The enemy still maintain their position in my front, as I learn from deserters and inhabitanst, as

