
CHARLESTON, 19th [May, 1862].

General JACOB D. COX:

Your dispatch received. I sent the companies your ordered to Calhoun. General Kelley ordered them to remain at Spencer, Roane Country, leaving me with parts of three companies here. When I heard of your difficulties I telegraphed General Fremont, who directed me to concentrate at Gauley. I consequently ordered Colonel Russell to the Kanawha River. I suppose he is on his way now. I talked with General Kelley last night at Weston, asking for re-enforcements. He told me he had ordered my detachment from Spencer to report here.

One company of Ninth Virginia is at Point Pleasant, one at Coalsmount, two with the detachments at Calhoun, and the remainder at Gauley.

Colonel Richmond I ordered to Coalsmouth, but afterward to opposite Camp Piatt, as scouts, one piece of artillery attached to Ninth at Piatt, the other at Gauley Bridge.

Schambeck's cavalry at Gauley; Gilmore not heard from. Shall I order Colonel Russell back to Chapmanville? If so, I must have more teams. Any orders shall be promptly obeyed. Great anxiety for your welfare.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, May 20, 1862.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy still in front of us as before. I am inferred, by what is said to be reliable authority, that all the forces that have had at Ashland, 15 miles this side of Richmond, have joined Cobb's Legion of Georgia troops, as I this minute learn from a deserter.

The railroad is now in working order from Aquia to Fredericksburg, the track being finished across the bridge over the Rappahannock last night at 9 o'clock. We are deficient in stock for the road, and need cars and locomotives. I presume both are on the way here. General Shields reports himself this morning at Catlett's. He cannot, therefore, be here before to-morrow night-possibly not before the day after. We are working hard, and are rapidly getting things in shape for active operations.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Rappahannock.

CATLETT'S, May 20, 1862.

(Received 5.55 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Everything ready to take our departure for Fredericksburg to-morrow morning at 6 a. m. Requisitions have been made for ammunition, shoes, &amp;c., to meet us there. Our command in excellent health and spirits. Did not lose a single man or a single article of property on the

