
route. First Virginia Cavalry good for nothing. I propose to leave at in camp of instruction here. There are eight companies of First Virginia Cavalry. Will you allow me to take eight companies Rhode Island Cavalry, under General Duryea, now here, in their place. General Duryea has here 4,000 good troops. Fifteen hundred are ample here-1,000 infantry, 500 cavalry, and two guns. I respectfully propose that 2,500 of these, under General Duryea, be added to my command. They are all very anxious to come. They need a few wagons from Alexandria. Plenty of everything else here to fit them out. If I could have an able assistant adjutant-general sent me it would aid me very much. At present I have to do all the work, having none. An experienced American officer would be the best. I cannot express my gratitude for the attention given to my brave troops. We will repay it by good service.

I have the honor to be, sincerely and respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 20, 1862-7.20 p. m.

Major General JAMES SHIELDS,

Catlett's Station:

Apply to General McDowell for authority to make the arrangement you ask. This Department cannot dispose of troops in the field except through the commanding general. I am glad to hear of the good condition of your troops, and hope you will lose no time in getting in front of the enemy. I expect to hear a good report of you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CATLETT'S May 20, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

An officer has come here to-day and inspected ammunition; condemns it. Requisitions have been sent to Washington for 200 rounds per gun for artillery and 200 rounds per man for small-arms; also for shoes and stockings, caps and shelter tents, to meet us at Fredericksburg. Shoes and nails have arrived. I have been shoeing horses since my arrival here. Plenty of forage and subsistence have been forwarded here on our arrival. My thanks to the general commanding for his prompt attention to our wants. Ca take our departure to-morrow at 6 a. m. Will be at Fredericksburg next day.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

MOUNTAIN DEPT., HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, May 20, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Strasburg:

Jackson has passed the Shenandoah Mountain, and is reported going toward your front.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

