
Numbers 4.] FLAT TOP, May 20, 1862.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Colonel ALBERT TRACY:

Have fixed my camp here, where I have direct road to Pack's Ferry,

as well as Princeton, and have a very strong position; camp entirely hidden, and yet our pickets command a view of 30 miles circuit. Have information that the portion of rebel forces which took the Wyoming road turned off in McDowell County to Tazewell Court-House. Have no news of others coming beyond Princeton. Colonel Crook has no transportation to move forward from Lewisburg at present. Have parties out to Pack's Ferry and Richmond Ferry, on Wyoming road, from Raleigh and to the front. Will soon know the condition of things.

The road from Raleigh to Pearisburg by way of Pack's Ferry is 20 miles shorter than by Princeton. I will have a boat put there and try to open communication with Crook.

Learn from inhabitants that the rebels boasted they could have reenforcement of 10,000 men at Newborn in six hours at any time. They have stripped the country of forage as far as we have examined or heard definitely from it. Our animals get only one feed per day.

If the rebels of Guyandotte endeavor to trouble us I will send force enough to disperse them, but I think their plans are disconcerted, and that the will not take the aggressive.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, May 20, 1862.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

A courier brought your order to me at Callaghan's, in the Alleghany Pass. I immediately marched back to Lewisburg, and while preparing to obey the order received a telegram from General Cox, urging me to protect my right from a threatened demonstration by General Floyd by way of Blue Sulphur. Should we not leave Lewisburg it will be of no use to have any small force here, and we cannot spare a large force. If we fall back to Gauley we open up the whole line, while by remaining here and posting heavy cavalry pickets at Allison's Ferry and upon the old road which comes into the Kanawha pike at Mountain Cave we can get full notice of all movements, and could, by keeping our couriers on the road to Gauley, co-operate with General Cox in any movement made. By making this point headquarters we could at any time co-operate with General Cox across the country, while our whole force at Lewisburg would be comparatively safe, as it would not be considered an abandonment of the place as a fall back upon Gauley would be. As we will be compelled to remain here a short time to arrange our transportation, which is very scanty, I shall have time to receive your answer. Please answer at once.

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANAWHA,

Numbers 16. Camp at Flat Top, May 20, 1862.

The general commanding the division takes pleasure in announcing to the troops of the district that their conduct thus far during the open-

14 R R-VOL XII, PT III

