HEADQUARTERS, Seminary, March 27, 1862.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Five additional companies have been ordered to guard the railway between Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg. Prior to your dispatch I had supposed that General Banks had left sufficient troops for the purpose. My standing orders have looked to affording ample protection to the railway. Knowing General Banks as well as I do, I think probably the railway people are unduly alarmed. I have nothing from Sumner since last night.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 27, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The following order was made to-day respecting the Winchester road, which I hope will meet your views:

Ordered, 1st. That the railroad between Harper's Ferry and Winchester, and its appendages and appurtenances, be, and the same is hereby, taken possession of and held as a military railroad of the United States under the act of Congress, and it is placed under guard of the general commanding the Army of the Potomac.

2nd. That the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company be, and they are hereby, authorized and required to repair said road and its appurtenances, and operate the same, keeping an accurate account of receipts and expenditures, to be rendered to this Department when required for adjustment of accounts.

There is no news of any special interest.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Seminary, March 27, 1862.

(Received 8.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Your telegram of to-day in regard to Winchester Railroad is received. I think the course pursued is wise. I at once repeat the orders already given in regard to guarding the road. I am anxiously waiting news from Sumner; not once word from him to-day.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Alexandria, March 27, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Strasburg:

Dispatch received. Have not heard from Sumner since he left Cedar Creek this morning. Feel Jackson's rear guard smartly and push him well. I expect to hear from Sumner within an hour.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

