
BALTIMORE, May 24, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

I ordered General Cooper at 1 o'clock this morning to be ready to move with two regiments. I shall send them off immediately. I will endeavor to send another regiment.

JOHN A DIX,

Major-General.

RECTORTOWN, May 24, 1862.

(Received 6.50 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A messenger from Linden reports the rebels in position off Front Royal with 7,000, under Ewell and Loring; that Kenly, with what remained of his badly cut-up regiment, had fallen back 2 1/2 miles toward Strasburg. The guards between Linden and Markham being greatly exposed, I have ordered them to fall back on the latter place.

Respectfully,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHED BRIGADE,Near Rectortown, May 24, 1862.

(Received 9.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegraph of this morning received. Considerable bodies of the enemy are moving through the mountain passes, threatening my advanced pickets at Linden, Markham, and Piedmont. From appearance I think the enemy are hastening up the west side of the Blue [Ridge] Mountains to seize Ashby's Gap. That will give them control of the roads north of me. I am also informed that considerable force is south of me, but have not yet learned its location. In view of these circumstances I have ordered the pickets at the above-named places to report here. If pressed by superior forces I may fall back to White Plains, in order to concentrate my whole command to act in conjunction with the re-enforcements of which you advise me. I will send my sick and stores in the direction of Thoroughfare Gap, that I may not be encumbered if attacked.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Waesworth, military governor.)

RECTORTOWN, May 24, 1862.

(Received 11.15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am reliably informed that the enemy are approaching from Front Royal with cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Will you favor me with a knowledge of the condition of affairs at Strasburg and vicinity? It will assist me in determining what should be done on this side. Mr. Dev-

