
SEMINARY, VA.,

March 27, 1862-10.10 p.m.

Major-General BANKS, Strasburg:

I have heard from Manassas reliable information that Sumner reached Warrenton Junction at 8.30 a.m. to-day and that all was quiet. I expect a full report from Sumner in a few moments, and will transmit it to you. I judge from this that the enemy have definitely fallen back behind the Rappahannock. I may throw Sumner to the Rappahannock when I have learned the whole position of things, and have serious thoughts of pushing you to New Market, in order to determine the rebels to fall back entirely beyond the Rapidan, and perhaps to move your column farther toward Staunton. Think carefully of this, and obtain all possible information as to roads, supplies, &amp;c., in your front.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

SEMINARY, March 27, 1862-11.35 p.m.

Major-General BANKS,

Strasburg:

I advise that you send a reasonable cavalry force to observe the valley of the Lost River Fork of the Great Cacapon. I telegraph Rosecrans to-night, urging him to occupy Moorefield. This, with the observation of Lost Creek Valley, will make your right flank secure.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

SEMINARY, March 27, 1862-12 midnight.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is for some time essential that Moorefield, in Hardy County, Virginia, should be occupied by about a regiment of infantry and three or four squadrons of cavalry. I request that orders may be given to the general commanding the Mountain Department not to abandon that position nor to allow the garrison to fall below the strength above indicated until I have advised you that circumstances have changed.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 28, 1862.

TO GENERAL COMMANDING MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,

Headquarters Wheeling, Va.:

Occupy Moorefield, Hardy County, Virginia, with a regiment of infantry and three or four squadrons of cavalry until further order, and do not allow the garrison there to fall below the strength above indicated.

Report immediately what force is at that point.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

