
exists in Baltimore. To-day the Union men of the Plug Ugly stripe have been attempting to stab and hang secessionists who have rendered themselves obnoxious. General Dix has so far been able to keep the peace chiefly through the co-operation of the police, which has not, however, been as hearty and cordial as could be desired. He wants express authority to assume control of the police, as he would therefore be able to keep down the mob and preserve the peace. He ought to take the control under his general adhered without any special order, but will not; therefore the order should be given at once. Things at Harper's Ferry are not thought by Mr. Garrett to be as bad as reported. I find Mr. Garrett with every employe of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad are on the alert, and most zealous to do everything in their power to second your wishes. I shall telegraph from Monocacy again. If will be daylight before we reach Harper's Ferry. There are nineteen guns in all on the train, with ammunition and equipments all complete.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-[10.20 a. m.]

Major-General McDOWELL, Fredericksburg:

Intelligence received this morning shows that Banks has been attacked in force at Winchester and is retreating toward Harper's Ferry. The entire force of Jackson and Ewell and Johnson are operating against Harper's Ferry. The Vanderbilt was ordered up to Aquia Creek yesterday, with a view to bring up some force by the river from your command. You had better have a regiment ready to embark at a moment's warning. The movement ordered yesterday should be pressed forward with all speed. The President thinks your field of operations at the present is the one he has indicated.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FALMOUTH, May 25, 1862.

(Received 12.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

All General Shields' division is on the march. The last battery is just leaving.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-[12.55 p. m.]

Major-General McDOWELL, Falmouth:

Move a brigade to Washington as speedily as possible. Send up the regiment now at Aquia the moment you have transportation. Banks has been driven from Winchester; is in full retreat near Harper's Ferry. No time is to be lost. The brigade now ordered is to be in addition to the one you are sending to Manassas, and should be the first sent.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

