HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 25, 1862.

Honorable 	E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Ninety-fifth New York, now at Aquia, has been ordered to march on board a steamer and go immediately to Washington. The brigade originally intended to be sent via Alexandria to Manassas will be sent to Washington as soon as it gets to Aquia.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-[2.40 p. m.]

Major-General McDOWELL:

You have properly understood your instructions, and I thank you for their prompt execution. The last intelligence from Banks, he was in full retreat, hotly pressed, and in great danger.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON,

May 25, 1862-[8.40 p. m.]

General McDOWELL:

Dispatch just received from General Geary states as follows:

WHITE PLAINS.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am informed that Jackson, with a force of 10,000 men, is in the mountain pass near Markham and advancing. A similar force is also an the south of me, approaching by way of Orleans. This statement is furnished me by two contrabands, who sought my headquarters breathless, and who evinced sincerity in their manners. I have sent out strong reconnoitering parties in all directions, and will keep you informed.

GEARY.

Is it not probable Anderson's forces left your front, are gone by the railroad, thence up to Culpeper, and across to join Jackson and Ewell, instead of going south?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL, Fredericksburg:

A dispatch from General Geary states that the enemy are passing up from Front Royal between the Blue [Ridge] Mountains and the river, to Ashby's Gap, to cross by Snickersville to Leesburg, there to seize the fortifications and maintain a position in that section; that they are in full possession of the country between Front Boyal and Ashby's Gap between the mountains and the river; that they are supported by large forces; that they have crossed at Manassas Gap and are now in front of Geary at Thoroughfare Gap; that contrabands report that 10,000 cavalry are about passing through the valley from the direction of Warrenton.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

