
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 28, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va.:

The telegram announcing your arrival at Wheeling has just been received, and I am glad to hear that you have safely reached your command.

The events at Winchester since you left Washington require that immediate attention should be given to the condition of your forces at Cumberland and along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Co-operation with the forces in the contiguous department may be very essential. I desire an immediate statement of the force on that line, and also of the state of your command, so as to furnish re-enforcements. Do you want the staff mentioned in your memorandum left with me?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 28, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va:

In addition to the instructions given this morning in respect to the Baltimore and Ohio road, Romney should be held by adequate force and an infantry guard kept all the bridges west of the South Branch. The Western interest to maintain that road is very great. It is also of great importance to the Government for supplies and cheap rates of transportation and for sending re-enforcements to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WHEELING, March 28-11 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Force already in position as follows: First. At Moorefield, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 893; Shaw's First Virginia Cavalry, 82, en route, but not there yet. There are four companies First Connecticut Cavalry, 308; one section of artillery, 38. Total, 1,321. Second. At Romney, four companies Potomac Home Brigade, 320; at New Creek or Paddytown, twelve companies Virginia Volunteer Infantry, 932; at and near Cumberland, Potomac Home Brigade Infantry, 573. Troops pretty well armed and equipped, and supplied with ammunition, of which there is a considerable quantity at Cumberland. Along road between Grafton and Clarksburg force is about 1,100 men. Detailed statement of department's force mailed to Major-General McClellan on Tuesday, 25th.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Wheeling, March 28, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling:

GENERAL: Inclosed are the copies of detailed statements of the

