
The Third Delaware Regiment has passed through to Harper's Ferry, and, with the artillery and the infantry of the Purnell Legion, will be at Harper's Ferry before daylight.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DETACHED BRIGADE, White Plains, May 25, 1862.

(Received 9.5 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatches to this place received. Heavy cannonading was heard from the direction of Strasburg and Berry's Ferry from 1 o'clock to 7 yesterday afternoon. A large force from Ashby's Gap was menacing me on the north, and similar on the south, moving evidently with a view to outflank me by the Salem road. A force on the railroad was in front of me, coming from Front Royal. I therefore deemed it prudent to concentrate my scattered forces at this place, and am now engaged upon that work. The re-enforcements you sent me, I will order forward to this place from Thoroughfare, leaving a sufficient number there to hold the place while I am so near to it. All seems quiet this morning. I will scout the country thoroughly and keep you advised promptly of every movement. I am informed by a contraband that it is the intention of the enemy to advance from Ashby's Gap to Leesburg in strong force via Upperville and Snickersville.

JNO. W. GEARY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, military governor, and Major General McDowell.)

BROAD RUN, May 25, 1862.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governonr District of Columbia:

The enemy's force at Ashby's Gap appear to have the intention of advancing to Leesburg to occupy the forts there with artillery and infantry. I am at Thoroughfare Gap, and find re-enforcements you have sent. Rebel troops moving in the north and south render it necessary for as available a force as can be possibly disposed here. I have conversed with Mr. Hammon, and represented to him the condition of affairs and my opinion of plans necessary to be adopted. He will leave here in a few minutes on a special engine, to communicate my views in person. I will return to Plains in one hour.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-1.45 p. m.

General GEARY, White Plains:

Please give us your best present impression as to the number of the enemy's force north of Strasburg and Front Royal. Are the forces still moving north through the Gap at Front Royal and between you and there?

A. LINCOLN.

