HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Lewisburg, May 25, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM:

General Heth sent in flag of truce yesterday for permission to get the bodies of some of the dead. They retreated as far as Union, if not to the Narrows on New River.

Deserters are still coming. Prisoners left yesterday for Gauley Bridge. No further news of enemy. All quiet. I will have to await more transportation before I can move.

GEORGE CROOK.

Numbers 10.] FLAT TOP, May 25, 1862.

(Received on march May 25, 1862-11.30 p. m.)

Colonel TRACY:

The suggestion of the general commanding that I try to concentrate with Crook is, I think, the wisest course. I have two companies clearing out timber and land-slides on Pack's Ferry road, and they will build a raft to cross men and trains. A boat cannot be got for some time. This will occupy several days, as a good deal of work is to be done. Meanwhile we can keep close watch on enemy, and if they attempt to concentrate upon Crook before I can cross the river the way to operate on their rear lines is still open to me. The time can also be profitably employed in the quartermaster's department.

Am I at liberty to exchange prisoners? They took some 20 or 30 at Princeton and we have a good many more of theirs.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Following just received:

WHITE PLAINS, May 26-12.10 p. m.

My scouts report Jackson advancing with a large force through Middleburg to cut off my communication by Aldie Gap and Hopewell Gap. This force is estimated at at least 20,000. This information is reliable. Send me your instructions immediately.

JNO. W. GEARY.

EDWIN. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Following just received:

BROAD RUN, VA., May 26.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have continued reliable information that Jackson is rapidly advancing on the Middleburg and Aldie road from Paris with the view of cutting off this command. There are also heavy forces south of me, and I cannot hope successfully to resist the combining elements against me. I might make Manassas, if it will meet your approbation.

JNO. W. GEARY.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

