HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The commanding officer at Aquia reports that the men of the several regiments of Ricketts' brigade commenced arriving about 9 o'clock last night in groups, two, three, and four, and continued until 5 o'clock this a. m. Major-General Ord just now reports as follows:

General Ricketts will be off in an hour. His men are going aboard as fast as they can march to the wharf, leaving their luggage here. They would have started at daylight had men and teams not been scattered in the dark on the road. The embarkation of Gartsuff will be as tedious, as his men will mostly have to go in the Vanberbilt, which lies off in the stream, making it necessary to use a small steamer to convey the men to her.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 26, 1862.

General RICKETTS, Alexandria:

The President wishes your brigade to move at once to Manassas by railroad. General Wadsworth has gone to Alexandria to assist in forwarding.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MAY 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS, Aquia:

The War Department expects your brigade in Washington by 12 o'clock m. to-day. I beg that nothing be left undone to fulfill this expectation. The transports are all ready for you. Do not let any ordinary considerations prevent your immediate embarkation. Let me hear from you constantly as each regiment goes on board and as each steamer gets under way.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

AQUIA CREEK, May 26, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

General Ricketts will bes off in an hour. His men are going aboard as fast as they can march to the wharf, leaving their luggage here. They would have started at daylight had men and teams not have been scattered on the road.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General Volunteers.

AQUIA CREEK, May 26, 1862.

General McDOWELL:

General Ricketts has been aboard with his last regiment about an hour, and harbor-master tells me it will be an hour before his tugs and

