
WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 26, 1862-6.20 a. m.

General DURYEA:

Banks is believed to have made good his retreat, with all his trains and without much loss, to Williamsport. Shields' division is on march to Catlett's, and will be there to-day about noon, it is believed. General Shields himself is here, and will go down to Catlett's this morning. We still hold Harper's Ferry. Report any intelligence you have. We hope to be able to bag the enemy that attacked Banks; Fremont and McDowell are both moving for that. General Shields wants Geary to hold on to White Plains, if possible, until he gets there.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 26, 1862-7.20.

Brigadier General ABRAM DURYEA, Bristoe:

General Shields is here; his division will reach Catlett's to-day. Keep yourself well informed of what is in front of you, and be prepared to fall back on Manassas and unite with General Geary if threatened by superior forces, but do not move until it becomes necessary.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BRISTOE, May 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I sent four companies of infantry and one of cavalry to Catlett's last night to protect public property. Cavalry pickets have been out, and I have every confidence that all is well. I have two deserters, who say that Jackson and Johnson and another column under some one else are concentrating their forces. They are intelligent men. One is from Connecticut, the other from Buffalo. I will send them first opportunity to Washington.

A. DURYEA.

BROAD RUN, May 26, 1862.

(Received 11.35.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Two companies of my scouts have reported already this morning. One from the direction of Manassas Gap reports enemy's pickets near Piedmont, and one from the direction of Warrenton reports rebel pickets near that place, and found on its return some of the roads had been blocked up with brush in its rear during the night. I am holding White Plains with cavalry. Salem and Rectortown are reported clear this morning. An intelligent mulatto from Middleburg reports as subject of conversation between General Rogers and others of that place that it is the intention of the rebels to invade Maryland and liberate their friends in that State, and that they are concentrating very heavy forces to proceed to Harper's Ferry on both sides of the

