
troops in this department furnished by order to the Secretary of War and copies of the last dispatches from and to Headquarters of the Army.*

The following is a statement of the numbers and positions of the troops in General Schenck's district:

1. At Moorefield: Eighty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 893; Shaw's First Virginia Cavalry, 82, en route, but not yet there; four companies First Connecticut Cavalry, 308; one section of artillery, 38. Total for duty, 1,321.

2. At Romney: Four companies Potomac Home Brigade, 320; twelve companies Virginia Volunteer Infantry, 932.

3. At and near Cumberland: Potomac Home Brigade, 573.

These troops pretty well armed and equipped. They are supplied with ammunition, and there is considerable to do at Cumberland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Alexandria, March 28, 1862. (Received 7 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just had a full conversation with Mr. Garrett. I will direct another regiment to be detailed to guard the bridges of the railway between Harper's Ferry and the South Branch of the Potomac, and do all in my power to insure the safety of the road. I respectfully suggest that in addition to the order requiring General Fremont to keep a force at Moorefield he be also instructed to keep a party at Romney, and to maintain a suitable permanent infantry guard at all of the bridges west of the South Branch. I would also suggest that General Kelley would be a suitable person to take charge of the protection of the post of the railway in General Fremont's department.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 28, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

General Fremont is already specifically instructed to put General Kelley in command on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Rosecrans received the order in respect to Mansfield and executed it. Fremont reached Wheeling to-day. The further instructions suggested I have just given. Report from Watson is encouraging from Fort Monroe. The signs indicate speedy attack from Merrimac, probably to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SEMINARY, March 28, 1862-5.30 p.m.

(Received 7.15 p.m.)

General R. B. MARCY,

Please place an additional regiment of infantry at the disposal of

---------------

*No inclosures found, but see pp. 9-12.

---------------

