
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, May 26, 1862.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have ordered that the 10 o'clock passenger train from Washington shall not be run; also that all freight business shall be suspended. We anticipated this course on main stem yesterday, sending no passenger train to Harper's Ferry. The early trains to Washington were sent prior to my receipt of your dispatch, but I did not order their suspension, as the great Government mails would thus be interrupted, and I fear unnecessary excitement and alarm at the North. I beg to state that your slightest suggestion shall meet our most prompt, cordial, and effective co-operation and action. Trains with cars for the 4,000 troops arrived at Washington at about 7 p. m. yesterday, and 1, 4, and 4.30 this a. m. The first train loaded left, we learn, at 8.15 this a. m. I have required explanation of the delay of this train. The tracks will be clear, and all movements shall be made with all practicable dispatch. I am just in receipt of the subjoined dispatch from an officer of our company:

SANDY HOOK - 10.30 a. m.

Things remain here about as last night. Trains are arriving here regularly with troops, &amp;c. Artillery have arrived and are now being unloaded. Secretary Watson has ordered bridge to be boarded over entire length, to cross horses and cannon. Mr. Heskit, road officer, has his force now working at [it]. Secretary Watson has also ordered our cars to be unloaded promptly on their arrival. This will help matters greatly. All are expecting a fight.

We are now loading the 471 regulars for Harper's Ferry, who will leave in a few minutes. No passenger train will be sent to or from Washington this evening, uncles you so desire. A train was sent to Harper's Ferry this morning. No passenger train will be sent for the remainder of the day. Under the prompt action of the Assistant Secretary of War we look for the early return of cars sent to Harper's Ferry, so that our capacity will be largely increased.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

WILLIAMSPORT, May 26, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The retreat has been perfectly successful. This army has saved itself, its guns, train, and all its honor. For two days have they nobly contended against an overwhelming force four times their number, embracing certainly Ewell's division, of thirteen regiments; Jackson's division, of thirteen Virginia regiments, and probably Johnson's force, from 3,000 to 5,000; a total not less than 20,000 men. their line of battle at Winchester was 2 miles in length, with twenty-eight regiments of infantry, with twenty-eight stand of colors, and outflanked our small force booth right and left. Ewell's force came on Front Royal by three routes and marched straight for Winchester to cut off retreats and re-enforcements, while Jackson came up in front above Strasburg. General Taylor's brigade, of Ewell's division, composed entirely of Louisiana regiments, glutted their vengeance for the loss of New Orleans; said they neither asked nor gave quarter, while the citizens of

