
Winchester showed their patriotism by firing from windows and behind fences. Many were shot down in the streets by civilians, and the so-called ladies zealously used their pistols. The hospital was shelled by the rebels and the sick in it bayoneted. Captain Collins and his company of Zouaves d'Afrique taken prisoners. Major Collins, First Vermont; Colonel Murphy, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Parham, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania; Major Dwight, Second Massachusetts; Colonel De Forest, Fifth New York Cavalry; Captain Penrose, assistant commissary of subsistence; Captain Crittenden, assistant quartermaster; Captain Abert, Topographical Engineers, missing and probably taken. Captain Mudge, Second Massachusetts; Lieutenant Crowninshield, Second Massachusetts; Colonel Knipe (wounded in two places); Captain Cilley, First Vermont Cavalry, wounded. The entire loss of killed, wounded, and prisoners, for both days, will not exceed 1,500. Fifty wagons fell into their hands and five or six were burned. Some stores at Front Roval and Strasburg were captured; those at Winchester burned. A retreat of 58 miles in two days, with a constant running fight, attacked in front and rear and on either flanks simultaneously, by an enemy outnumbering four to once, securing the train, all the guns, three-fourths of the army, and finally crossing a river by a ferry only capable of carrying a hundred men once in twenty minutes, is an achievement to be proud of. Colonel Donnelly's brigade crossed at Shepherdstown. A thousand exaggerated rumors are afloat, but the above is reliable. The enemy reported this morning to be occupying Martinsburg and moving on Harper's Ferry from Winchester.

Shall return to that point this afternoon. The troops are completely exhausted. General Hatch is safe.

JOHN S. CLARK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

Just arrived, 11 o'clock; find Banks intends crossing Potomac to Williamsport to-night. Saxton commands at Harper's Ferry. Shields will join his division in morning and press forward. Get Ord's division forward as far as possible. Report to Secretary Stanton progress as made in embarkation and forwarding. Ricketts' brigade expected hereby noon to-morrow.

S. P. CHASE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 26, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Baltimore:

Send, if possible, some artillery and ammunition immediately to Harper's Ferry; we will replace it from here to-night. A few pieces, at all events, should be sent instantly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 26, 1862.

General DIX, Baltimore:

Press forward the artillery to General Saxton with all haste.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

