
of which I find none here, and they cannot drag the guns and caissons much farther without it. They are nearly all of them undersized horses in the first place, and now overworked and starved down; and I respectfully submit that I be authorized to substitute for them the larger and stronger ones that I see in some of the wagon teams on the road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

No. 11.] FLAT TOP, May 26, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Franklin:

No change to-day. Greenbrier River too high for troops to cross. Crook is therefore safe against any combination from that direction. Heth left his dead and some 60 wounded on the field. His flight was disorderly; arms and accouterments were scattered through the woods and along the roads. Everything shows that the defeat and rout were complete. I am looking anxiously for news from your direction. News of Banks' retreat reached us to-day.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

MANASSAS, May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following I find to be disposition of the troops: General Shields' advance brigade is at Hay Market, on the way to Thoroughfare Gap, the Second Brigade close to the First; the Third is here, and the Fourth at Catlett's. Of General Ord's division, two brigades, less two regiments, on the railroad between this and Alexandria, are here, and one brigade (Duryea's) at Canterville. The artillery and cavalry not yet arrived. On questioning General Geary as to the force of the enemy he tells me he estimates Jackson to have had 7,000, Ewell about as many, marching together - between 14,000 and 15,000. I called his attention to his reporting 20,000, threatening to cut him off, &amp;c. He replied that he gave these as the reports he had received.

General Shields has just received the following from the brigadier-general commanding his advance brigade:

We are moving finely. Roads good. Geary burned 1,000 Enfield rifles and 700 carbines, all new, and tents and clothing. This is the all-forested scare I ever heard of. I want that cavalry and my baggage train. The railroad is all right. One or two baggage cars on the track are here (New Market) and one at Gainesville. The one at Gainesville is loaded with corn.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.

The parties of cavalry sent out by General Shields have not as yet discovered any enemy. I was delayed in getting here by trains ahead of me loaded with troops. General Geary reports having decided the burning of the tents for want of transportation, but did not know of the arms.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

