
Colonel Miles to guard the railway from Harper's Ferry to the western limit of this department. Every bridge should have a permanent guard. Also give orders that a suitable force of cavalry shall constantly scout the approaches to that portion of the railway. The railway will probably be fully open on Sunday.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

SEMINARY, March 28, 1862.

(Received 9.35 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have instructed General Williams to telegraph Mr. Morley to procure at Baltimore the lumber requisite to rebuild the Manassas railway bridge of the Shenandoah. I would advise that Mr. McCallum at once look into the practicability of connecting Winchester with Strasburg by a railway. If this can be done within a reasonable time it will be of immense advantage to us in a military point of view. The repairs of the Manassas Gap Railway being completed and this new road built we would have easy control of that entire region. I would ask immediate attention to this very important matter.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, March 28, 1862-2.10 p.m.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Strasburg:

Have just heard from Sumner.* His information meager. A strong reconnaissance was to be pushed from Warrenton Junction to the Rappahannock this morning. He had some slight skirmishing yesterday without loss on our side. He says he can take Warrenton without difficulty. I have authorized him to do so if the enemy have any troops there and he can do it without weakening the Junction too much. What news have you of the rebels in your front? I learn from Hooker that they are falling back from Fredericksburg.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 28, 1862.

General N. P. BANKS, Strasburg:

The commanding general desires that you will acquaint him at once with the latest intelligence you have of the movements of the enemy. From all the information the commanding general has received he is satisfied that there is no rebel force of any size on this side of the Rappahannock. Where is the Third Brigade of your division?

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p. 45.

---------------

