
be part of the advance of large bodies of troops from Front Royal and Ashby's Gap. Troops were also yesterday seen on Pound Mountain, south of Thoroughfare Gap. My scouts were fired on yesterday, near Thoroughfare Gap, in the mountains, several times. Large bodies of men have been seen daily since the attack upon Front Royal at both Ashby's and Manassas Gaps. The inhabitants of the valley between Blue and Bull Ridge Mountains have been exceedingly jubilant for several days at the prospect of the approach of their friends, the rebel forces, in sufficient number to attack Washington and liberate their rebel friends in Maryland. This they did not hesitate to announce.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHED BRIGADE,Manassas, May 27, 1862.

Major-General SHIELDS,

Commanding at Manassas:

Your note of to-day received. Any Enfield rifles and carbines, and also articles of clothing, that were destroyed yesterday were done so upon the responsibility of those who had them in charge. I did not know such things were there - not having been reported to me - nor did I give any orders for their destruction.

After marching orders had been given, and the column was in motion, Colonel Rorbach, of the One hundred and fourth New York State Volunteers, notified me that he had no transportation for his tents, and that he had piled them up preparatory to burning. I would here remark that these troops had only reported to me a few hours previously, and had not stated to me this want of transportation until I was actually leaving the place. Knowing the importance of the matter, I make this report in brief at your request. As soon as I can get the commanders to furnish details I will report them to you.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

May 27, 1862 - 2 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just returned fop Frederick, and find it is the impression here that an attack will be made this morning about daylight, the cavalry scouts having brought the intelligence from Charlestown that Jackson said yesterday he would breakfast in Harper's Ferry this morning. I do not apprehend an attack, but if one is, made it will find us unprepared to meet it. The officers are all tired and asleep. Nobody but the sentinels awake, and essential means of defense that ought to be going on to-night postponed until morning. The rule thorough this force is to do nothing that can be avoided, and nothing to-day that can be postponed until to-morrow. No harm is likely at this time to result from such state of things, and General Saxton promises in a short time to work out a reform. To-morrow I shall see that all the cavalry is formed into a scouting party. I propose to send two small parties

