
that General Banks had fallen or been driven back. I have not heard from General Fremont for three days. He was at Franklin at that time. I am apprehensive that his supplies will be cut off at New Creek by Jackson's forces coming from Winchester by way of Romney. I have not force sufficient to protect them or the railroad if Jackson should move on me in force. I have been in the western counties of this State, putting down a band of guerrillas, for the last two weeks.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, May 27, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Is the general advised of the movements of the rebel General Jackson? I am just informed by my agent at Cumberland that Jackson's forces are in Martinsburg, and that they are in possession of the railroad and telegraph line as far west as Sir John's Run.

I am apprehensive about your supplies at New Creek, fearing Jackson will send a force by way of Romney. If he does, I have not force sufficient to resist him.

I have heard nothing from Banks, but presume you are fully advised of his whereabouts and what is the cause of Jackson's repossession of the railroad.

B. F. KELLEY.

Numbers 9.] MOUNTAIN DEPT., HDQRS. IN THE FIELD,

Petersburg, May 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX, Flat Top:

Your Numbers 10 received. The commanding general has been ordered by the President to operate against the army now menacing General Banks, and is making forced marches toward his position. This leaves the department very much exposed. You must redouble your vigilance and do the best you can in your position. Enemy to-day is reported at Martinsburg, and in possession of telegraph line and railroad as far west as Sir John's Run.

TRACY.

FLAT TOP, May 27, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, Lewisburg:

General Fremont moves eastward to support Banks, leaving us to ourselves at present. Keep things snug and prepared for all results.

Halleck has Corinth and 20,000 prisoners. I except your companies at Summerville to be relieved to-day.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 27, 1862.

A. STAGER:

Terrible commotion all through country, with some guerrilla warfare. Sympathizers greatly elated. General Fremont left

