
Petersburg this morning. We do not follow him with telegraph, but take the line beyond Petersburg. I overheard General Banks' message to Secretary Stanton yesterday, and as General Fremont was not informed I gave him the substance, that he might act intelligently. We work 40 miles east on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line. Can you give us any news? Anxious.

T. B. A. DAVID,

Assistant Superintendent Telegraph.

MANASSAS, May 28, 1862.

(Received 8.32 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A scout sent out yesterday morning on the plank road toward Gordonsville from Fredericksburg discovered a scouting party of the enemy and ran them about 7 miles. On the way were fired upon by an infantry party concealed and a horse killed. Followed the cavalry quickly; fired on them, wounding one man, who fell from his horse, but escaped in the woods. They then came upon a strong cavalry force drawn up on the road, which they did not venture to attack. After waiting a short while returned without molestation.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

MANASSAS, May 28, 1862.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have ordered General Geary, with 1,300 infantry, 700 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, to march to Aldie, and thence by way of Midleburg to Ashby's Gap, keeping up constant communication with General Shields. The latter is pushing toward Front Royal. Will be supported by the mass of Ord's division. I have ordered Bayard's cavalry brigade from Fredericksburg to Catlett's, where it will arrive to-morrow. It will thence be pushed forward to Chester Gap, or, if it should be found that the enemy is retiring up the valley, toward Thornton's Gap. Colonel Haupt will be here to-day, and will begin immediately to re-established our communications. Matters are going ahead satisfactorily.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862 - [1 p. m.]

General MCDOWELL:

Manassas Junction:

General McClellan at 6.30 p. m. yesterday telegraphed that Fitz John Porter's division had fought and driven 13,000 of the enemy, under General Branch, from Hanover Court-House, and was driving them from a stand they had made on the railroad at the time the messenger left. Two hours later he telegraphed that Stoneman had captured an engine and six cars on the Virginia Central, which he at once sent to communicate with F. J. Porter. Nothing further from McClellan.

