
you, as the department commander, to determine. I was myself surprised to find the number here so small, and thought you ought to know the exact force here, so as to decide the question as to whether the force be sufficient. The Indiana cavalry were sent to Geary on Saturday on the emergency of his request to have them for scouting purposes.

EDWIN STANTON.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

Following received from Brigadier-General Hamilton:

HARPER'S FERRY, May 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There is very little doubt that Jackson's force is between Winchester and Charlestown. His troops were too much fatigued to pursue Banks. A large body of rebel cavalry is near Charlestown now. Jackson and Ewell were near Bunker Hill yesterday at noon. Of this there is no doubt.

A. LINCOLN.

MANASSAS, May 28, 1862.

(Received 7.20 p.m.)

His Excellency The PRESIDENT:

In reply to your last telegram acquainting me with the position of Jackson and Ewell I beg leave to report that I am Pushing Generals Shields and Ord upon Front Royal with all expedition possible. As soon as the railroads can be unloaded I will use them to get the troops forward, so that nothing shall be left undone to catch them. To guard against all chances please have the water transportation retained at Aquia Creek sufficient to bring up a division, with its artillery, from below if it should be needed. I will have one held ready to move up at short notice.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 28, 1862 - 8 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

The following is just received from General King:

I sent out cavalry both on Bowling Green road and Telegraph road to Richmond. They proceeded from 12 to 15 miles. Saw nothing of the enemy, but learned from contrabands who left Hanover Court-House Junction that the whole of the forces recently in our front left the Junction to re-enforce Jackson Sunday a. m. They were about 15,000 strong - fourteen regiments infantry, small body of artillery, and fourteen companies of cavalry. They were well acquainted as to force and movement. Colonel Kilkpatrick reports, who directed the reconnaissance, " I shall push the cavalry still farther out to-morrow, in hopes of obtaining additional information."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Fremont and McClellan.)

