
STRASBURG, March 28, 1862.

(Received 4.10 p.m.)

General MARCY and General WILLIAMS:

Your dispatch received late last night, in cipher. Enemy is about 4 miles below Woodstock. No re-enforcements received yet. Jackson has constant communication with Johnston, who is east of mountains, probably at Gordonsville. The pickets are very strong and vigilant, none of the country people being allowed to pass the lines under any circumstances. The same rule is applied to troops, stragglers from Winchester not being admitted to their lines. We shall press them farther and quickly.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEMINARY, March 28, 1862.

General BANKS, Strasburg:

General McClellan desires to be informed of the distribution of your troops; where your brigades are; how much artillery you have, and where it is, specifying the guns; how much cavalry you have and where; what is the strength of the different arms. The same is desired in reasonable detail of General Shields' force. Is Colonel Brodhead's Michigan Cavalry with you and where? There is a report that one company of cavalry was taken prisoners in the recent fight; is it true? If so, what company was it?

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA.,

March 29, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Strasburg:

The commanding general is now prepared to leave here, but he awaits for affairs in your front to assume a definite shape. He desires you, therefore, to ascertain as soon as possible the intentions of the enemy. If he be in force, he wishes you to drive him from the valley of the Shenandoah. Please reply as early as practicable.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STRASBURG, March 29, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS:

No material change in position of enemy since my dispatch yesterday. Jackson is at Edenburg, 6 miles above Woodstock and same distance this side Mount Jackson. He has about 6,000, with some increase of militia; has constant communication with Johnston, who, I believe, is at Culpeper Court-House. Our scouts report this morning some preparations for defense at Edenburg. We do not credit report of Jackson's re-enforcements, but think he is ready to fall back. Deficiency of ammunition in Shields' artillery detains us here; expect it hourly, when we shall push in sharply. No camp fires were observed

