
WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

The following dispatch from Saxton just received:

HARPER'S FERRY.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A reconnaissance of one regiment of infantry and six companies of cavalry and a section of artillery was made this morning to Charlestown. The officer commanding, Colonel Schlaudecker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, reports, at 12 m. to-day from that village our advance guard was fired upon about half a mile east of the town. Our loss two wounded. Several of the enemy supposed killed. We hold the town, and have sent up re-enforcements.

SAXTON.

The above is the latest.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, May 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

All quiet thus far. The artillery and cavalry of Ord's division halted at Bacon Race Church, hearing we had evacuated Manassas. They have been ordered forward immediately. I wa sin error yesterday in saying that Shields' Fourth Brigade, which is At Catlett's, was under orders to join the main body of the division for Thoroughfare Gap. It is still at Cattlet's, guarding that place. Can any of the regiments which have been sent to Washington be ordered out to guard this place, so as to free Shield's and Ord's divisions for operations in advance?

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

General Fremont, instead of moving to Harrisonburg, has retired to Moorefield. I communicate this, as it seems to indicate that any movement by your forces toward Strasburg would be ineffectual, and that you should go toward Charlottesville if you wish to overtake the force which overthrew Banks. Mr. Watson returned last night, and thinks that force was inconsiderable, and did not advance beyond Winchester.

JAS. S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

I sent the Indiana cavalry to Geary after consulting the Secretary of War. I still think it was right. I ordered Geary to advance his cavalry until he saw the enemy. He does not seem to have done it.

JAS. S. WADSWORTH.

