
evening by the cavalry under Geary. A building used as a railroad depot burned by them at the same time. The One hundred and fourth New York are reported to have burned all their tents at the place which is called Broad Run.

No enemy is to be found in this region, and no enemy approached the place until our troops abandoned it, when a few straggling cavalry came on and, finding nothing to oppose them, burned the bridge between here and Front Royal. I hope no effort will be spared to repair them immediately, to counteract, as far as possible, the shameful effects of this shameful panic. I will remain here till my whole command comes forward and until supplies reach me, which may be forwarded immediately by rail.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

GAINESVILLE, May 28, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Manassas:

The railroad is good to this place, 8 miles from Manassas. Telegraph lines good. Seen nothing but abandoned wagons. Public property abandoned at Gainesville by Geary's men cannot be found. Country people have doubtless carried it off.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, May 28, 1862.

General JOHN W. GEARY:

SIR: It is the direction of Major-General McDowell that you move with your command, except the One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers and the First Michigan Cavalry, in a direction indicated by Major-General Shields (Aldie). The One hundred and fourth and the First Michigan will remain here.

You will please report to General Shields frequently and to these headquarters and nowhere else.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, May 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General MCCALL, Falmouth:

Instruct General King to move his whole division early to-morrow morning to Catlett's, Warrenton and White Plains. Make arrangements to have that division of the pontoon train which is provided with horses and under Captain Swett, of the Third Maine Battery, to come with the wagons of Major Houston, for which one company of King's cavalry well serve as an escort. They are to move on to this point via Dumfries and Brentsville. Let 300 beef cattle, now at Falmouth, be driven with King's division to Catlett's. Acknowledge the receipt of this.

By order of General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

18 R R - VOL XII, PT III

---------------

