
last night in direction of rebel camp, and rear guard artillery is with drawn this morning. General Schenck reports one of his regiments at Moorefield, west of mountains.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ON BOARD COMMODORE,March 29, 1862-4.10 p.m.

General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Strasburg:

The enemy burned the Orange and Alexandria Railway bridge over Rappahannock yesterday* on the appearance of a reconnaissance from Warrenton Junction. A division was found on south bank of the Rappahannock, but retired as soon as our artillery opened on them. Sumner is in force at Warrenton Junction and will keep his cavalry well out. I do not think the enemy in force on this side of Rapidan. I send you General [J. P.] Hatch with two regiments of cavalry; more will follow.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, March 29, 1862.

Colonel DIXON S. MILES,

Harper's Ferry, Va.:

One regiment of infantry 400 cavalry will leave here to-day, with instructions to report to you for service upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Harper's Ferry to the western limits of the Department of the Potomac.

General Shields has one company of cavalry at Martinsburg. If you think the 400 to be sent from here sufficient to guard all the approaches to the railroad within the limits mentioned, this company might be ordered to join General Shields. General Shields thinks one company should be at Martinsburg, one at Back Creek, one at Hancock, and one west of Hancock. Lieutenant Colonel C. J. Kelley, commanding at Hancock, will be able to give you information as to the important points to establish guards west of Martinsburg. Please make such disposition of your forces as in your judgment will best secure the objects desired.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, March 29, 1862.

Colonel DIXON S. MILES,

Relay House, Md.:

Your telegram just received. I sent a dispatch to you at Harper's Ferry this morning, informing you that a regiment of infantry and 400 cavalry would leave here to-day for Harper's Ferry to report to you for

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p. 47.

---------------

