
brigades on march. They are now, at 2.30 p. m., nearly all across the river and en route for Catlett's. Our progress will be impended by a heavy train and large drove of cattle, but we shall make all possible haste.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 29, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

General Duryea has arrived and is camped on the other side of the Gap. Some twenty-three cars (empty) are here. Shall I send them to Rectortown? To-night two or three suspicious horsemen have been chased into the hills by my vedettes. The conductor, Mr. Mayo, reports that by waiting till 5 a. m. to-morrow and giving him the right on the road he can take my whole division to Rectortown in the forenoon.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, May 29, 1862.

Major-General ORD, Headquarters:

General McDowell orders that you march on Front Royal as rapidly as the means, including the railroad train, at your disposal will permit, till you get within supporting distance of General Shields, and continue in that position.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHED BRIGADE,En route, Aldie, Va., May 29, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

Commanding Dept. of the Rappahannock, Manassas Junction, Va:

GENERAL: Arrived here with my command this morning. No enemy here. I have cavalry on both the Snicker's Gap and Little River turnpikes advanced in the direction of the Blue Ridge, who as yet have reported no enemy. I heard cannon firing from the direction of Winchester for a few minutes this morning. I expect to advance with my command beyond Middleburg to-night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I arrived here about 3 o'clock with the guns. The enemy was driving in our pickets when I arrived, and I went to the outposts to see what was going on. The enemy is in considerable force in this vicinity, and commanded by Jackson. Clouds of dust raised by his

