
duty upon the railroad between that point and the western limit of the Department of the Potomac. General McClellan desires that these troops be sent to the positions they are to occupy without a moment's delay, as the road is now unprotected in many places, and subject to the depredations of disloyal people along the country. The four companies of the Tenth Maine should be placed on the Winchester road to-day, and if the road between Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry is not completed by the time the troops from here arrive they should be pushed forward by marching. Think, however, that the road will be finished to-morrow. General McClellan regards this matter of great importance.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

WHEELING, March 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I can withdraw no troops for active operations form the Railroad District, as they are all required to guard the railroad and to secure the right wing of the Army of the Potomac. None can be taken from the District of Cheat Mountain, as it commands ingress from the eastward. The line through the Kanawha District is reported destitute of forage, and operations upon the railroad in that direction consequently difficult. Possibly 3,000 or 4,000 men can be withdrawn for service elsewhere. Re-enforcements are absolutely required for proposed operations, for which I prefer the line indicated by myself, and hope you will enable me to attempt it immediately.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 29, 1862.

Colonel D. B. SACKET,

Inspector-General, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: Agreeably to orders, with Colonel Tyler, Fourth Connecticut Volunteers, I proceeded to inspect the following forts on the south side of the Potomac:

1. Barnard.-Armed with eight guns, as follows: Three 32-pounder one 24-pounder barbette; one 24-pounder side; one 30-pounder Parrott, and two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers. The armament, ammunition, parapets, slopes, and abatis in good order.

2. Fort Richardson.-Nine guns, as follows; Two 24-pounder barbette; three 24-pounder siege guns; two 30-pounder Parrotts, and two 10-inch siege mortars. One of the mortars is unserviceable from its trunnions being too large for the bed. One magazine leaks slightly. In other respects fort in good condition as to guns, ammunition, parapets, and abatis.

3. Fort Albany.-Twelve guns, as follows: Eight 24-pounder barbette; two 6-pounder field, and two 24-pounder howitzers. The guns and ammunition and abatis in good condition. The sides of the ditches

