
his escape. He also reports that the enemy have some cannon, and, as the general impression, from 400 to 600 cavalry.

There are various rumors as to the number of men in the valley, and as to where they are placed. Colonel Carter is now at Ashby's Gap, with some of his force at the top of the pass on this side of the river. My scouts at both gaps are now on the qui vive to discover the exact position, movements, and numbers of the enemy, the results of which I will advise you as soon as ascertained.

From a variety of sources, principally secession, I learn that Jackson's force is between 25,00 and 30,000 strong. The evidence in convening this information is sufficiently to give it some degree of credence.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, May 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General BAYARD, Catlett's:

The general has your telegram about supplies, and wishes to know whether you are still at Catlett's. If so, when do you go forward?

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, May 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING:

Take your three day's subsistence from your train. The herd of subsistence cattle is to go with the cavalry and artillery train. The infantry is to go by railroad from Catlett's,via Manassas, as far on the railroad to Front Royal as they can carry them. The artillery, cavalry, cattle, and wagons to go to Thoroughfare Gap, and as much farther on the Front Royal road as they can go with due regard to their efficiency.

Jackson, Ewell, and Johnson are near Winchester 30,000 men. We shall be behind them if we are quick in our movements, and if I have my old division we will whip them. The whole country is looking with anxiety and hope. The railroad train will be at Catlett's to-morrow morning. Shields is near Front Royal. Ord is 4 miles beyond this Corinth is evacuated.

IRVIN MCDOWELL.

SIX MILES FROM CATLETT'S,

May 30, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

My infantry will be at Elk Run, 5 miles from Catlett's, this afternoon. The trains and artillery are up with them. The cattle and subsistence trains received from General McCall will halt 2 miles back of this point. How soon will the railroad train be ready for the infantry? Can I get three days' rations, required by the order sent me through General McCall this morning, at Catlett's or shall I take them from my own

