
train? Is it expected that the cattle subsistence train will go with the artillery and cavalry to Thoroughfare Gap? Pray send any order or information you may have. My aide, Lieutenant Benkard, will take this to the telegraph station at await answer.
RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, May 30 - 5.50 a. m.

General MCCALL,

Commanding at Fredericksburg:

Brigadier-General King reports that his march is encumbered by the quantity of cattle and large train he is taking along. Send out immediately an officer to overtake him, with instruction to the general to leave behind whatever may not be necessary for his march. You will at the same time send out a suitable force to take charge of whatever General King may leave. Inform the general that at Catlett's he will most probably find large and immense railroad trains sufficient to bring forward the whole of his infantry fresh. Let him leave his artillery and train to come from Catlett's to Thoroughfare Gap on Manassas Railroad, under the escort of the cavalry and such additional guard as he may think necessary. Have the infantry take with them three days' rations from Catlett's. It is important General King should get his division over here with dispatch.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

FALMOUTH, May 30, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

Dispatch relative to the march of General King received. I have given all the orders you require to be communicated to General King and others concerned. All quiet in front. It is reported that Anderson, Field &amp; Co. have gone to Gordonsville, and that a force of 3,000 (questionable) is between that point and Fredericksburg.

GEO. A. MCCALL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 30, 1862.

(Received 10.55 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just returned from outposts, about 1 1/2 miles off. The enemy is approaching with four guns, a large body of cavalry, and a column of infantry. Our pickets have run in. The forces here behave very badly. They are stampeded and are utterly unreliable. Colonel Maulsby's Maryland regiment had charge of the arsenal; containing about 300 tons of ammunition. They had charge of the commissary and quartermaster's stores, and were detailed to guard the town. All the soldiers abandoned their posts, and left the city, ammunition,

