
TROOPS IN THE MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, MAY 30, 1862.

1st Maryland (E. S.), Colonel J. Wallacs.

2nd Maryland (E. S.), Colonel E. Wilkins.

Maryland (Purnell) Cavalry.

Massachusetts (detachments).

3rd New York, Colonel S. M. Alford.

4th New York, Colonel A. W. Taylor.

5th New York Heavy Artillery, Colonel S. Graham.

7th New York Militia.

22nd New York Militia.

37th New York Militia.

10th New York Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel W. Irvine.

67th Pennsylvania, Colonel J. F. Staunton.

87th Pennsylvania, Colonel G. Hay.

13th Pennsylvania Cavalry (battalion), Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Galligher.

Pennsylvania batteries (four)

United States Infantry.

2nd U. S. Artillery (detachment), Battery I.

RECTORTOWN, May 31, 1862.

(Received 4.40 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Major-General Shields reports from Front Royal that the enemy is at Winchester, his force variously estimated at from 20,000 to 40,000. Jackson, Ewell, and Edward Johnson have united their forces at that place. A large force from Richmond is reported to have already entered the valley and to be marching in this direction. This force is most probably Anderson's Army of the Rappahannock, from before Fredericksburg. General Shields says: " Fremont has not yet reached Strasburg, and I fear he will not reach it in time. Ord's division should be pushed forward, but with supplies, or it will starve here without them. The railroad should be put in order at once, but from what I saw they have neither workmen, tools, nor bridge spikes provided. All now depends upon activity. The railroad should be put in working order in two days. No effort or expense should be spared to effect this. A body of workmen, with tools and bridge spikes, should be employed upon every bridge between here and Rectortown, which, I learn, are six in number." Since the general passed over, the indefatigable Colonel Haupt has been along with his bridge party from the Fredericksburg line; has already rebuilt two of the bridges, and expects to have the whole repaired and the road opened, to Front Royal to-night. the rain-storm, which continues violent, may delay us; but it will be worse for the enemy, who has no railroad, than it is for us. Our successful attack upon their rear cannot fail to make the enemy fall back from the Potomac both from before General Banks and General Saxton. I beg to suggest that it would be well if these officers were to hang upon the enemy's rear and keep up a continued attack. It will demoralize him, Moreover he cannot now continue, even if he is in any great force, before either of them. I shall try and get forward the infantry of King's division by railroad from Catlett's, and if the road were in good condition, and we could be sure of no accidents, I might count upon having it forwarded by to-night.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

RECTORTOWN, May 31, 1862.

(Received 9.50 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Saxton's telegrams of to-day to you received. He does not seem to be aware of my advance having retaken Front Royal from his question as to where is General McDowell. Please say we are pushing

