
everything ahead. If he holds on he won't have to do so long, for the enemy will be on the retreat soon, and he will be the pursuer.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Rectortown, May 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the gratification to report that my advance, consisting of the First Brigade of the gallant Shields' division, Brigadier-General Kimball commanding, preceded by four companies of the Rhode Island cavalry, under Major Nelson, entered Front Royal at 11 o'clock a. m. yesterday, the 30 instant. His Excellency the President will see that we are ahead of time. The advance drove out the enemy, consisting of the Eighth Louisiana and four companies of the Twelfth Georgia, and a body of cavalry. Our loss is 8 killed, 5 wounded, and 150 men. Among the officers captured are Captain Beckwith Wet, Forty-eighth Virginia; Lieutenant Grinnell, Eighth Louisiana; Lieuts J. W. Dixon and Waterman, Twelfth Georgia. We recaptured 18 of our own troops, taken by the enemy at Front Royal a week ago, among whom are Major William D. Collins, First Vermont Cavalry; George H. Griffin, Fifth New York cavalry; Lieutenant Dwyer, Fifth New York Cavalry, and Frederick C. Tarr, adjutant First Maryland Infantry. We captured a large amount of transportation, including two engines and eleven railroad cars, five wagons with teams, much quartermaster and subsistence stores, and a quantity of small-arms, which had been recently taken from us. The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded is not yet known. The names of all prisoners captured and recaptured will be forwarded to-morrow. We advanced so rapidly that the enemy were surprised, and were not able to destroy the bridge across the Shenandoah.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, [May] 31, 1862 - 12 p. m.

General MCDOWELL:

The following dispatch has just been received from Colonel Clark, 11 p. m.:

WILLIAMSPORT, 31ST - 11 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

reliable information just received puts the enemy in force near Charlestown, showing no disposition to retreat. A brigade and battery crossed the Shenandoah yesterday and to-day occupies Loudoun Heights. Cannot hear of any portion having passed out of the valley.

The enemy on Thursday last knew of the strong movement in their rear.

We sent a strong cavalry force yesterday; occupied Martinsburg this morning; sent infantry to-day; no important force in this vicinity.

JOHN S. CLARK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

