
by caving in has made the parapet so thin in some places as to be of no protection from the shot of the ordinary guns used in service.

4. Fort Craig.- Seven guns: Five 24-pounder guns and two 24-pounder siege. Guns, ammunition, parapets, and abatis in good order.

5. Fort Tililnghast.-Seven guns: Three 24-pounder siege; one 20-pounder Parrott; two 10-pounder Parrotts, and one 24-pounder field howitzer.

All of the above-named forts are just being occupied by the Fourteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Greene. Not yet being fully in possession, the gunners could not be exercised. The armament, ammunition, parapets, and abatis of Fort Tillinghast are in good order.

6. Fort Cass.-Five guns: Two 24-pounder siege guns; two 20-pounder of Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Ward, 74 strong. Guns, ammunition, parapets, and abatis in good order. Men well instructed. The captain of this company has been absent since after the battle of Bull Run on sick report, and now nominally on recruiting service, though not getting any recruits, except three, during a period of several months. Lieutenant Ward has brought the company to a very fine state of discipline and efficiency, and it would be to the interest of the service if Captain A. J. Langworthy were discharged the service.

7. Fort Woodbury.-Five guns: Two 24-pounder barbette; two 24-pounder siege, and one 24-pounder field howitzer. This fort is not garrisoned, having an ordnance sergeant and two sentinels. The slopes are caving in. One of the magazines is flooded with water, the ammunition all being stored in the other one. The guns, ammunition, and abatis in good order.

8. Fort De Kalb.-Nine guns: One 24-pounder barbette; four 24-pounder siege; two 24-pounder field howitzer, and two 24-pounder flanking howitzers. No garrison; an ordnance sergeant and two sentinels. Slopes washing; guns, ammunition, and abatis in good order.

All of the above-named forts being now newly occupied, or the garrisons soon to take possession, will require definite instructions, which will be required in writing, as verbal instructions, if not repeated periodically, are of little weight. Al artillery officer should have a general supervision of these forts, who should see that the instructions are obeyed, and he should make written reports that stated inspections are made, noting the condition of material and works and efficiency of garrison.

These works are in general condition for field works, considering the season of the year; well armed and supplied with ammunition.

The proper manning of these works and their efficiency in case of attack will depend on the officers having the future charge of the troops occupying them. The works are good and well armed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. SWEITZER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 95. Near Alexandria Seminar, Va., March 29, 1862.

Colonel Dixon S. Miles, Second Infantry, in addition to his present duties, is assigned to the duty of protecting the line of the Baltimore and Ohio

