
Our cavalry and scouts have covered the roads 10 or 15 miles ahead. The enemy's cavalry and ours now in sight of each other on the Strasburg road. Engagement expected to-day.

The army is pushing forward, and I intend to carry out the operations proposed.

J. C. FREMONT.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FRONT ROYAL, June 1, [1862] - 3 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington, D. C.:

Heard firing this a. m. in the direction of Strasburg. Ord's division could not be got up last night, but came up this a. m., and is considerably aroused by the excitement of an approaching battle, and is now moving forward, replacing Shield's division, who is on the march to Strasburg with that part of his division nearest that place. I am directing General Ord's division (now with Ricketts) to move on the Winchester road, supporting Bayard's cavalry brigade, and sending strong detachments on the Luray road. There has been no firing for some time.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

FRONT ROYAL via RECTORTOWN,

June 1, 1862 - 3.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

A brigade of Shields' division, under Colonel Carroll, was pushed forward yesterday p. m. in the direction of the Strasburg and Winchester turnpike. A considerable force of the enemy, consisting of a brigade of infantry, a large force of cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, were found in the vicinity of a turnpike road about 6 miles from this place. When attempting to form they were briskly attacked, and driven from their position and forced back in the direction of Winchester until darkness prevented further pursuit. We succeeded in capturing 7 prisoners, one 11-pounder rifled gun, twelve wagons, and a number of horses and mules, recapturing 6 of the First Maryland Regiment, viz: John Corcoran, Adam Foley, Ed. Lockmond, Sergeant [William H.] Uhler. We lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded. Loss of enemy not known. General Fremont's forces have not yet made their appearance. The telegraph is established within 2 miles of town. General Ord's division is between this post and Piedmont pretty well broken down in the attempt to force through to this place yesterday. General Shields reports General Elzey's force to have been added to that of Jackson, Ewell, and Ed. Johnson.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 1, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

What has occurred since detail of last message sent? Saxton reports no enemy to be seen about Harper's Ferry.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

