
FRONT ROYAL, June 1, 1862.

(Received June 2, 10.46 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The positive accounts brought by an aide of General Shields from within a short distance of Strasburg are that Jackson passed through that place last night. His train the aide saw going through this morning. The firing we heard was not at Strasburg, but was in the direction of Middletown, and is supposed to have been an attack of General Banks on Jackson's rear guard. Bayard's brigade, with the Bucktail battalion and four pieces of artillery, are ordered to pursue through Strasburg. Shields' division is brought into the road to Luray Court-House, to go against Jackson farther up the valley.

The above was prepared some hours ago, but could not be sent by telegraph, it being out of working order. It is now sent by messenger to Rectortown, to be dispatched thence.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Front Royal, Va., June 1, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Rappahannock:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that Major-General McDowell will give orders for one regiment of General Ord's division to relieve my troops on the Luray road, picketing the same for the distance of 3 miles. Also for another regiment to guard the lower fords, three in number, about 3 miles below the railroad bridge. Another to occupy the position which pickets both bridges across the Shenandoah. Also that a provost-marshal be appointed for the town and furnished with a competent guard to police the town, guard prisoners, &amp; c. This will enable me to prepare my whole division for a prompt movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Front Royal, Va., June 1, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Rappahannock:

The advance of my command is reported as encamped 10 miles from this place to-night. I have given orders to collect and prepare faggots for burning the bridges across the Shenandoah at Conrad's Store to-morrow night. If this be effected, the enemy may be compelled to force a passage from New Market in the direction of Luray. There are two bridges across the Shenandoah, 4 miles apart, on that route - Columbia Bridge and White House Bridge.

I would urgently recommend that one of General Ord's brigades be supplied with rations and forage and sent down to Luray as speedily as possible, for the double purpose of guarding the bridges and protect

