
ing a depot I intend establishing at that place. I have given orders to leave all extra baggage in depot at Luray, and also to shift the forage and subsistence from one portion of the wagons to the other, so as to send back to Front Royal immediately as many empty wagons as possible for supplies. My inspector-general has orders to inspect the wagons and rid men of all extra baggage at Luray.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Front Royal, Va., June 1, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Rappahannock:

Lieutenant Jones, one of my aides, has just returned from the head of Bayard's column, sent to operate against Strasburg. He reports it as safely encamped on this side of the North Fork, 4 miles from that place. The Bucktails are in front at the ford, 2 miles from Strasburg. Lieutenant Jones saw only two pieces of artillery with them. At this rate they will effect nothing against the train, and might as well be recalled.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Front Royal, Va., June 1, 1862 - 8 p. m.

Colonel CARROLL,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

I will leave early enough in the morning to overtake you. I have an important work for you to perform. It is to burn the bridge across the Shenandoah near Conrad's Store, on the road leading from Harrisonburg to Stanardsville. This is the bridge by which Jackson retreated before and by which he will attempt to retreat again, as he can take the cars at Stanardsville for Charlottesville. To do this you must go forward with four pieces of artillery, without caissons, and some cavalry, which I will push forward to you. You must select a body of picked infantry, without baggage, to follow close behind as a support, but the cavalry and artillery must be pushed forward so as to do this if possible to-morrow night. Prepare fagots to-morrow along the road; pile them in your wagons. They can be found in old houses. I hope you have axes and tools along.

To reach this point you must pass Luray; follow the road leading to Columbia Bridge; continue to pass on this side the river, leaving Columbia Bridge on you right as you go forward; thence up on this side of the Shenandoah until you reach a place known as Conrad's Store; close there or somewhere in that vicinity is the bridge across the Shenandoah which the enemy guarded before and are likely to guard now. Perhaps there are two bridges there, not far distant; these must both be burned. Our route is to Stanardsville, which if we reach before the enemy he is lost.

