
I will see you on your march to-morrow early. Move at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning. Everything depends on speed. Don't break down your command. I will order General Ferry to let your wagons and guns pass to join you. Let all empty wagons be parked at Luray, to be sent back for supplies. At Luray the loads can be shifted from one-half the wagons into the other half, and the empty ones sent back to Front Royal for supplies of forage and subsistence. I will send forward my inspector-general to put officers' baggage and all extra baggage into depot at Luray. Our wagons are filled with rubbish instead of supplies. When we clear the valley they can all be brought forward to us.

Conrad's Store is about 10 miles from Luray. I think you will have to turn over the brigade to the next in command and do the burning of the bridge yourself. Press horses along the road where it is necessary, leaving your broken-down horses with the owner. Take the names and residences of every man whose horses you press, as well as the name of the man who takes them, so that they may be returned. Give receipts for the same. Take forage wherever you can find it, giving receipts for the same. Take beef cattle if necessary, giving receipts for the same. Jackson must be overtaken. The burning of the bridge will effect it. The river can be held until your command comes up, then turn in the direction of Stanardsville. You will earn your star if you do all this.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Front Royal, Va., June 1 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier General J. B. RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

Major-General McDowell directs that your order the whole of the Rhode Island cavalry to report to Major-General Shields at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Memorandum for General Ricketts.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Front Royal, June 1, 1862.

Duryea's brigade to be disposed of as follows: One regiment in Front Royal, another regiment on the Luray road, with two pieces of artillery, preceded by a small body of cavalry to be thrown out well to get information. Another regiment, the strongest, to go to the ford over the main Shenandoah. The rest of the division to occupy the passage between the forks of the Shenandoah, guarding both bridges, and supporting Bayard's cavalry, which is to be thrown across the Shenandoah.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

