
I sent it with some of my cavalry to Rectortown, where it can be telegraphed to the Secretary.

Major-General Shields is now on the march from Front Royal to Luray Court-House, in hopes of getting up the valley before Jackson. Your attack on Jackson as he is retreating must retard him and increase the chances of General Shields intercepting him.

I trust my cavalry brigade has rendered you good service.

I return immediately to Front Royal.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Strasburg, and

Major-General MCDOWELL, Front Royal:

Your dispatches just received. We are glad to hear that you are so close on the enemy. McClellan beat the rebels badly near Richmond yesterday. The President tells me to say to you, "Do not let the enemy escape from you." Major-General Sigel is advancing with two brigades from Harper's Ferry toward Winchester.

Let us hear from you often.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Front Royal, Va., June 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST MAINE CAVALRY:

SIR: It has been reported to General McDowell that men of your regiment have taken eight horses and a mule, the property of Mr. Marcus Buck, and he directs me to order you to return the same, under a guard of a trusty non-commissioned officer and private, to these headquarters forthwith. It is understood that you have had turned over to you a telescope which was taken from Mr. Buck's house (I hope to be returned to him), and this also is wanted by the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MONDAY MORNING, June 2, 1862. - 5 a. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I feel the utmost solicitude about our situation. The cars are bringing men we don't need and not bringing any subsistence and forage. If this continues you will have a worse state of things than we found. I see it too clearly. We want no more men, but want supplies. Do impress this on the general commanding. Should you send every man but one brigade back to Fredericksburg it would be the best move. Why not meet me at Gordonsville, turning all back to Fredericksburg to move on Richmond. For God's sake let us have supplies instead of men.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

21 R R - VOL XII, PT III

