
As fast as information arrives I will transmit it to you. I am well acquainted with the ford near Shannondale Springs, at which place the river is wide and the water shallow, and I have heretofore frequently crossed at that place myself on horseback. I consider it important to watch that place.

When your flank has passed this Gap, would it not be well for me to proceed down toward the Potomac and clear out whatever troops Jackson may attempt to throw on this side of the Shenandoah?

With high respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CATLETT'S, June 2, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Having neither railroad nor telegraphic communication with you, I have decided to march my command to Hay Market and Thoroughfare Gap, where I expect to be to-night. Address any communication to the latter place.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., June 2, 1862 - 4 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch in reference to General Fremont is received. I find the troops here in a very inefficient condition. General Saxton insists on being relieved. The number of troops here are about 8,000. Of these 1,200 are useless, and all the balance are undrilled and undisciplined. I have done what I can to assemble the troops at 4 o'clock p. m., and I will make a forced march, although the battle with Fremont must now be decided, as it is reported firing was heard the whole of yesterday.

General Banks has telegraphed that he had left Williamsport and would join me this morning; but he did not say where, and I am still ignorant of his whereabouts. I will, however, march to Winchester, where I hope to meet him. A deserter from the enemy, who escaped yesterday, says that Jackson passed Winchester yesterday before 10 o'clock a. m. in two columns, and marched in two directions against Fremont. This corroborates the facts.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Sigel has marched with two brigades. Left me in command with eighteen companies of infantry, including Maulsby's three companies of Maryland Potomac Home Brigade Cavalry and the naval battery. I sent up an engine to-day to Martinsburg with a com

