
LURAY, June 4, 1862.

(Received June 5, 11.30.)

Major-General MCDOWELL,

Commanding Army of the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate that Colonel Carroll, with a force of 100 men and two pieces of artillery, after a forced night's march, reached Conrad's Bridge this morning at 5 o'clock, which bridge he found burned.

You will perceive from this and my previous communications that all the bridges, Columbia, White House, and Conrad's, have been destroyed. Owing to the recent heavy rains the river has become so swollen as to make a crossing impossible for the present. The roads have become impassable for wagons beyond the Columbia Bridge. We cannot fight against the elements. The main body of Colonel Carroll's brigade is now a few miles beyond Columbia Bridge. The remainder of this division is stationed near the town and occupying all the roads leading to it. The enemy is doubtless at Rude's Hill, where he would keep the army in check.

Stanardsville is one of the principal depots, where I think they have supplies for Jackson's army. We must try to get hold of this, burn the cars, destroy the road, and save the supplies. This will prevent Jackson's escape and the enemy's advance. Our supplies are exhausted, and we must now live on the country. To fall back would not better our condition, as there is nothing at Front Royal, and it might lead to a stampede of this whole army.

Please instruct me as to the position and condition of your forces, and any information with regard to the other commands that you may possess.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA BRIDGE, June 4, 1862.

Colonel CARROLL,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

Our friends have driven the enemy to New Market. He can only escape by Staunton. He has burned his own bridges. The whole of your command is to march to join you. Leave a guard and wagons and caissons at Conrad's and on to Staunton. Destroy cars, railroads, depots, and all facilities for his escape. You must go forward at once with cavalry and guns to save the bridge at Port Republic.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

FALMOUTH, June 4, 1862 - 7 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The trestle bridge was carried away by the flood about 2 p. m. to-day, and has carried away two spans of the railroad bridge and the canal-boat bridge. General McCall is sick, and I have directed Mr.

