
Stone to get his force at work to repair the railroad bridge at once. The canao-boat bridge can be replaced by the time General McDowell's forces return here.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MOUNTAIN DEPT., HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Mount Jackson, Va., June 4, 1862.

Major General I. MCDOWELL,

Commanding at Front Royal:

GENERAL: It being reported that the town of Strasburg is in a degree insecure by reason of scattering bodies of the enemy in the neighborhood, as well as on account of some 400 intractable prisoners necessary to be kept safely, the general commanding directs that you take the earliest practicable measures to place at Strasburg a sufficient force to guard and secure the whole.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRONT ROYAL, VA.,

June 4, 1862.

Major A. BECKWITH,

Commissary of Subsistence:

We are in trouble about our bridges, and fear our own supplies being present. We have here 25,000 men. General King, at Hay Market, has 11,000 more. General Fremont has 20,000. Our present supply, if the trains arrive, will be 100,000 rations - hardly three days' for ourselves. At least 35,000 rations should be sent forward daily for our own force, independent of General Fremont, who can only be supplied by forwarding to New Market, thence by wagon. The heavy rains of past five days have entirely upset all our calculations.

J. M. SANDERSON,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

MARTINSBURG, June 4, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL, Front Royal:

The best information I can get is that Jackson left Winchester Friday at 11 a. m.; encountered Fremont's advance at Cedar Creek, which he held in check until his army passed up the valley. His rear guard took position on a hill 2 miles above Strasburg, which he held; the cannonading of Sunday and Monday was here, and was incessant. He is said to have eighty pieces of artillery; two 20-pounders. When last heard from his force was at New Market.

General Sigel goes to Winchester to-day. I shall be there to-night. My advance will be there to-night. Will communicate further.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

