
WINCHESTER, June 4, 1862 - 8 p. m.

(Received June 5, 1862 - 12 m.)

[General MCDOWELL:]

GENERAL: It is represented here that Jackson has passed up the valley, Fremont closely pressing his rear, more or less damaged. He is at Mount Jackson some say, others at New Market. A close watch should be kept upon his movements.

The brigade of General Crawford will be here to-morrow. Sigel arrived to-day. No further news. Hope to receive definite reports to-night from our cavalry reconnaissances. Nothing new from Richmond.

N. P. BANKS.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,June 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Mr. Caldwell has just returned from New River. He crossed at Pack's Ferry last night about two hours before dark; went about 8 miles up New River. Was satisfied that from the rise of water he would be unable to cross Indian Creek, and turned back to the road leading through the "Farms" settlement. Stopped at Mr. Jack Dunn's, a man not considered very loyal. From him learned nearly all that he was able to gather in the way of information. Dunn professed to have heard from his nephew at the Salt Sulphur - a man by the name of Young - that Heth was there on Sunday evening last with the force that retreated after the fight at Lewisburg - reported to be two regiments and one-half regiment. This was all the force that went from the Narrows. Mr. Caldwell is in doubt whether the artillery taken went from the Narrows of from Bonsack's. The report from the secesh over the river is that the loss of the enemy was even greater than that reported here. They have it that there must have been 500 killed.

Dunn thinks there are no troops at Peterstown. Day before yesterday there were some 13 cavalry at his house. They came from the Narrows. They came down about Landraft's [?] and went back in a hurry.

Colonel Chambers' son, who is now at Pack's Ferry, having left the militia some four weeks ago, came from the neighborhood of Peterstown on Sunday last, the 1st instant. He thinks, from all that he heard, that there is about a regiment of troops at the Narrows.

It is rumored and confidently believed that some "Moccasin Rangers" - some 40 or 50 - are now at the Farms. They are a new band of rovers, whose whereabouts can never be known for a day. Dunn thinks the Rangers are engaged in watching the boat building at Pack's Ferry. No rumors of forces coming in from other quarters.

Mr. Caldwell reports that the heavy rain had so swelled the creeks as to make it impossible to cross them, if he went through the woods, as was proposed; and the great rise of New River made it necessary that he should hurry his steps or be caught by the flood. He could have laid out in the woods, but thinking it would give rise to suspicion of his having proved false, concluded that he had better return and make another start if necessary. When the river falls he can renew the effort, but suggests that the attempt be made by going upon this side the river and crossing at Shanklin's or Crump's Ferry. He would like

22 R R - VOL XII, PT III

