
one of our men to go with him, if a proper person could be procured. Would be willing to start as soon as it is safe or possible to cross the river. Would leave to-morrow if thought best, and reach the crossing so as to take the first opportunity of reaching the other side of the river.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Camp Flat Top, June 4, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Captain Townsend, Thirtieth Regiment, reports that he has scouted to the mouth of Blue Stone and up the river as far as the mouth of Little Blue Stone; thence up the road to his camp, at the junction	of the Blue Stone road and the turnpike. He has also sent scouts (squads) to settlements several miles from his camp, but finds no enemy, and hears of none nearer than the Narrows and Princeton. Says it is reported that the force is weak at those points. Has found a musket and cartridge box hidden in the woods near a house, but did not find the owner.

Everything seems to be quiet thereabout.

Very respectfully, & c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 4, 1862 - 6 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On reconnoitering the Winchester Railroad to-day found that the bridge across the Opequon was burned. Informed General Sigel that on to-morrow a train of subsistence will be at Wadesville at 11 a. m.; to meet it with a regiment of infantry to protect that place, and with his wagons. It is 11 miles from Winchester. The Potomac is rising very fast, and we fear every moment that the bridge will be carried away.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

FRONT ROYAL, June 5, 1862 - 9 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The last bridges over the Shenandoah, namely, the wagon and railroad bridges over the South Fork, were carried away this morning, notwithstanding all our efforts to prevent it. The Goose Creek bridges still stand. The Bull Run Bridge is gone. The only part of my command now likely to suffer for want of subsistence until the communication can be re-established is Bayard's brigade of cavalry, operating with General Fremont, which has been without rations for two days, and which is at this time inaccessible from this quarter.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

