
FRONT ROYAL, June 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just received dispatch from General Shields at Luray, dated yesterday, reporting that Colonel Carroll, with 100 men and two pieces artillery, after a forced night's march, reached Conrad's Bridge at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, which he found burned. The general says from there that

Owing to the recent heavy rains the river is so swollen as to make crossing impossible for the present. The roads have become impassable for wagons beyond the Columbia Bridge, 8 miles from Luray. We cannot fight against the elements. The main body of Carroll's brigade is a few miles beyond Columbia Bridge. The remainder of this (Shields') division is stationed near the town and occupying all the roads leading to it.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Front Royal, Va., June 5, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant.

It is reported to me that there are a large number of prisoners at Strasburg inadequately guarded and that provisions are required for them. All communication being cut off by the loss of all the bridges over the Shenandoah between this point and that, by which either men or provisions can be sent there, I think it well to acquaint you of the fact, so that if you see fit you can remove the prisoners or send provisions for them and an adequate guard.

Jackson passed through Strasburg on Saturday and Sunday and went up the valley, pursued by a brigade of my cavalry in the lead of Major-General Fremont's whole army. I last heard from them near Mount Jackson, still in pursuit.

My cavalry have been without rations for two days, and General Fremont's supplies must be exhausted.

The bridge over Bull Run has been carried away, but I have, I think, enough subsistence to last till it can be rebuilt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Your notes by Captain Foster, Fifth New York Cavalry, are just received. A report from Major-General Shields, this moment received, reports having sent 100 men and two pieces of artillery as far up as Conrad's Store, finding all the bridges burned and river impassable.

I. MCD.

