
make matter decisive. We are ready, if necessary. No essential change in position of enemy.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MARCH 31, 1862.-For Lincoln, and Stanton to McClellan see Series I, Vol. V, pp. 58, 62, and Vol. XI, Part III, p. 52.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 31, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

I am vigorously urging the President for leave to send you 17,000 troops-infantry, cavalry, artillery, and pontoon train. He will decide to-day.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HUTTONSVILLE, VA., March 31, 1862.

(Received Wheeling, Va., April 1, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding:

Refugees continue to come in squads of from 5 to 25, in great destitution. Some have enlisted in Virginia regiments and some employed by me on roads. Twelve, arrived this day from Pocahontas, report that impressment is continuing, and assure me of strong Union feeling in Pocahontas, Highland, Greenbrier, Bath, Alleghany, and Rockingham Counties. They implore our protection and pray for assistance; was on point of giving them relief two weeks since, but in obedience to orders I deferred it. Three fugitive slaves from Highland, just in, state 80 wagons passed Monterey last Friday for Camp Alleghany, and heard their master, a Colonel Kincaid, say that enemy were going to move. Sent scouts to watch movements. Telegraph between this and Cheat Top not working. Last week guerrillas, 300, attacked Union Settlement in Pendleton; were repelled by 75 Union citizens; were re-enforced and drove back the citizens. Have sent 300 men, under Major Webster, of Twenty-fifth Ohio, to assist them.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, March 31, 1862.

Major General J. C. FREMONT, Wheeling:

My latest information is that only a small force of 400 or 500 men hold Lewisburg, and these are ordered to collect the cattle of that vicinity and drive them to Jackson River Station, and to burn the forage in Greenbrier County which they cannot carry off. Some force is reported at Jackson Station, but nothing definite. From its railroad connection with Staunton the number of troops there is variable, according to apparent exigencies. The roads are rapidly settling now,

