
40,000, pursued Beauregard's army beyond Corinth, taking 10,000 prisoners. Beauregard frantic.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELD'S DIVISION,Alma, June 5, 1862.

Colonel CARROLL,

Commanding Advance:

There is a vague rumor of a force advancing against us from Gordonsville by way of Stanardsville. You will therefore try and keep your small force on this side of the point where that road cuts the road leading from here to Port Republic, so as to be able to fall back in this direction in case of necessity. Throw out your pickets as far as your feeble force will permit upon the Stanardsville road. I am trying to rebuild the Columbia Bridge.

Respectfully,, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Campt near Front Royal, June 5, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Rappahannock:

SIR: In reply to your note, just received, propounding the query whether and when you (I) can get the whole of your (my) division on this side of the Shenandoah, I have to reply that the river is now such a torrent, and its waters so loaded with floating logs and drift, that Major Tillson reports to me to-day that it is dangerous to attempt to cross in boats. Should the rains cease with this afternoon the waters are expected to subside in about thirty hours so that the river can be boated and a ferry established, but I have broken and lost some of the picket and other ropes within my reach, and cannot readily establish a ferry or move the regiment and part of battery on the other side without more rope.

I am informed that the bridge-building parties here are provided with the necessary ropes and tackle to put them over rivers. I think, if so, they could use them to better advantage than any detail I might make.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, & c.

P. S. - Major Whitney's command of cavalry I did not include in the statement of troops on the other side. The time to be occupied in crossing the artillery and infantry with their equipments would be in my opinion a day.

I have sent Major Tillson to examine the facilities for crossing and then to report at headquarters.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, & c.

