
FALMOUTH, June 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following is respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department:

By your direction I have the honor to report that I this morning made an examination of the damage done to the bridges over the Rappahannock at this place by the flood yesterday. The trestle bridge lately put up directly in front of the Lacy house was entirely swept away, and in its progress down the river it carried with it the trestoe-work of the two center spans of the railroad bridge, and also started the canal-boat bridge. The pontoon bridge had been taken up by your orders the day before.

In conversation with Mr. Stone, who has charge of the railroad construction at this place, he thought the railroad bridge could be rebuilt in the course of eight or ten days. The pontoon and canal-boats bridges can be put across the river as soon as the water falls sufficiently to allow it. All the boats are saved.

HENRY A. SHEETS,

Aide-de-Camp.

GEO. A. MCCALL.

FRONT ROYAL, June 5, 1862 - 3 p. m.

Brigadier-General KING:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your division to the town of Warrenton early to-morrow morning.

It is reported that 1,500 cavalry were there on the evening of the 4th instant.

Acknowledge receipt.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, June 5, 1862.

[General MCDOWELL:]

GENERAL: I fear we are not in condition to furnish provisions to the prisoners at Strasburg, but I shall send a detachment up to-morrow to ascertain their condition. The great rains have cut off all our supplies. The river at Williamsport is impassable - not a boat can cross. The bridge at Harper's Ferry is carried away and the bridges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. We are without wagons or rations for our own troops for more than a day or two. The prisoners might be brought here if necessary.

A servant that I find here reports a conversation heard between the rebel officers at the hotel on the day Jackson left. In speaking of their being cut off by your forces, they said that Johnston and Lee were to support them from the Luray road and Smith and Magruder at Staunton. Their purpose was to draw our troops into the valley as far as possible and destroy them by greatly superior forces. We heard these reports often when in the valley, and do not attach much importance. They are given as a part of the history of the day.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

