HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, June 5, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose reports of Surgeon Peale, Blenker's division, who was in charge of sick and wounded men at the Union Hotel hospital in Winchester during its occupation by the rebels.

In case surgeons are exchanged, in accordance with suggestions made by those of both armies, I earnestly request that Surgeon Klein, of the Baltimore battery, captured by our forces in the engagement at Newtown on Saturday night, the 24th ultimo, be included in the list first made. He gave us valuable information, of great importance to our forces, though not in any degree detrimental to the enemy. This fact should not be published, but it entitles him, I think, to be placed upon the earliest list of exchanges. He was instructed to report to the provost-marshal at Washington, being placed on parole while we were at Williamsport. He belongs in Loudoun County.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, &amp; c.

[Inclosure.
WINCHESTER, VA.,

June 3, 1862.

General FRANZ SIGEL:

SIR: On the 4th of May I was ordered by General Rosecrans to take charge of the Union Hotel hospital and organize it as a post hospital. I did so, and acted in accordance with his instructions until the 25th, when I had but 12 patients remaining, the rest having been sent to New Creek Station. On the 23rd some wounded men were brought into the hospital from Front Royal.

The evening of the 24th 230 patients were brought into Union hospital from Strasburg. These I accommodated on the floor as well as I could for the night. Early the next morning they nearly all started off before I was aware of it, having become alarmed by the near approach of the battle. At about 8 a. m. the retreat of Banks' forces commenced, and at the same time the quartermaster's store-house, nearly opposite the hospital, was set on fire, endangering the hospital. I had the patients carried downstairs, and when the danger became most imminent had them taken into the yard. By this time a few wounded had been brought in. The rebels now had possession of the town, and placed a guard over the building front and rear. I gave the wounded such attention as I could in the yard during the fire.

Great praise is due my nurses, Mrs. Palmer and Miss McClellan, Miller, Becker, Eichoff, and the apothecary, Mr. Riederer, for their determination, made over twelve hours previous to the evacuation, to remain with me and nurse our sick.

In the afternoon Dr. Black, acting medical director for the rebels, called on me to say that I should continue to give necessary attention to the sick unmolested.

The wounded, numbering about 33, were admitted on Saturday. On Sunday there were further admitted 38. On Monday morning Dr. Black directed me to take charge of the hospital as surgeon-in-chief, with Dr. Bissell, of the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, as assistant.

Patients continued coming in all day and nearly every day since until

