
Louis, in which I stated the importance of concentrating unexpectedly a strong force in the centre, and to press forward against the different lines of communication connecting the East with the West, and to menace the enemy's line on James River by crossing it west of Richmond and Lynchburg and operating against his left flank and rear. Two armies, of at least 50,000 men each, are actually needed to operate, one on the Gordonsville line and the other between this line and General Haalleck's department, and to cover the immense stretch of land west of the Army of the Potomac and James River.

The troops I have here would have been of great use and importance in checking Jackson in the valley of the Shenandoah in case Fremont had been defeated, and I did my best to meet such an emergency by executing your order and by marching 32 miles in forty hours, under an incessant rain and with troops which I found in almost dissolution and some in open mutiny, so that even Brigadier-General Saxton refused to command them.

Having attained the object desired, I infer that my momentary task is ended, and I would now like to know whether I am to remain in my present contracted situation at the head of a raw, undisciplined body of troops, with which the offensive is impossible, or if I cannot be of more service by some other arrangement.

I take the further liberty of sending this communication by Captain George G. Lyon, one of my aides, who has my full confidence, and who is conversant with my views in general. I will be especially gratified if you will grant him an interview and communicate with him in regard to my matters.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,
 Washington, June 5, 1862.

Numbers 59.

A camp of instruction for 50,000 men - cavalry, artillery, and infantry, in due proportions - will be immediately formed near Annapolis, Md. Major-General Wool, U. S. Army, will command the camp, in addition to his duties as department commander. The ground will be selected, and the troops, which will be assembled as rapidly as possible under orders from the War Department, will be placed in position as they arrive. Brigadier General L. P. Graham is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry at the camp. Brevet Brigadier General Harvey Brown as chief of artillery, according to his brevet. A chief of the infantry arm will hereafter be designated. The Chief of Ordnance, the Quartermaster-General, Commissary-General, Surgeon-General, and Paymaster-General will each designate an experienced regular officer as the chief of their respective departments at the camp. These officers will be subject to the orders of General Wool, and under his supervision will without delay establish a hospital and depots of all the supplies necessary for the health and efficiency of the troops at points where issues may be conveniently made.

The long experience of the veteran officer assigned to command the camp will dictate the most efficient details for brigading, equipping, drilling, and disciplining the Reserve Corps d'Armee to be thus formed under him. Chiefs of the different staff bureaus are hereby directed to

