
aid him by promptly meeting his reasonable requisitions for the material of war.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 6, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

The President directs that McCall's division be sent by water to General McClellan immediately on receipt, and that you place such force as may in your judgment be necessary to hold that place.

In respect to the operation of the residue of your forces the President reserves directions to be given as soon as he decides. Transportation has been ordered up the Rappahannock from here and from Fort Monroe.

Adjutant-General will issue the order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 6, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

The Secretary of War directs that you immediately put General McCall's division in readiness to be moved to the command of General McClellan before Richmond, and that as fast as transportation can be supplied they be forwarded by the Rappahannock from Fredericksburg. You will place at Fredericksburg such additional force as you may judge necessary for the security of that place.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Front Royal, June 6, 1862. (Received 3.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Major-General Fremont, from Mount Jackson, has attempted to assume command of me at this place. I beg to report that I have not complied with the order he has sent to me, which was to send troops to Strasburg, as it would place my forces out of the line in which I expect them to operate. Before the receipt of his communication I had written to Major-General Banks at Winchester, in whose department both Major-General Fremont and myself are acting temporarily, calling his attention to that point for such action in the premises as he might see fit to take. General Fremont has with him my cavalry brigade, which, under the article of war providing for troops happening to join on the march, &amp; c., he was right in ordering with him for the pursuit, and I was glad they were at hand for the work; but I am not willing, unless you so order it, that even that part of my command should be absorbed by Major-General Fremont.

The river is commencing to subside, but no communication yet practicable. The commanding officer is getting apprehensive of an attack from a large cavalry force reported to be assembling near Warrenton. I have ordered King's division there. It marched this morning.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

