
COLUMBIA BRIDGE,

June 6, 1862 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier-General CARROLL,

Commanding Advance, Conrad's Store:

I have received your very instructive communication, and kept the orderly until this morning. We are at work building a bridge. The progress is satisfactory. I have ordered the rest of your brigade to join you. Can you prepare for a spring on Waynesborough to burn the bridge, depot, cars, and tear up the railroad? Will this be practicable? I fear the enemy will escape if it is not done. I will send you all the cavalry I have if you can do it, but they are very few. I will send Captain Keogh to lead them. If you can cut the road at Waynesborough it will be a splendid exploit, and end Jackson, if we can thunder on his rear and you can take a good position to assail his flank. This, I think, you can safely do by keeping the river between you and them and getting into one of the angles you will see on the river above Long Meadow Creek. There is a bridge across the Middle River on the turnpike. That would destroy him. Let me know your opinion. We will soon send infantry across the river and cavalry too, to reconnoiter and cut their telegraph.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

FRONT ROYAL, June 6, 1862.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

After you left this place I addressed the following note to General Ord:

The major-general commanding has just left for Washington. Before going he directed me to inform you that he would be absent but a short time, during which you are not to give any instructions to his staff, save to the chiefs of the supplying departments, and to them only when absolutely necessary.

To which he immediately replied as follows:

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Rappahannock:

SIR: In regard to any orders which Major-General McDowell may have given through you conflicting with the 62nd article of war, you are informed that I am the highest in rank here on duty, and I take the responsibility of rescinding any such order. While I am the senior you will obey my orders. You will please refer all matters relating to the command which, during this interregnum, may be addressed to you to me. Direct Major Breck, assistant adjutant-general, to do the same, and as to the chiefs of staff department, I will attend to them.

Respectfully, yours,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding pro tempore.

I suppose Major-General Ord will hardly desire the communications of Major-General Shields to be referred to him. Would it not be well to set him right at once, to prevent finding things confused when you return?

Respectfully,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, &amp; c.

