
WASHINGTON, June 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, via Wheeling:

Your telegram has been received, and I am glad the western part of the road has so well escaped. Please report immediately what force you have to guard the road, and what additional force in your judgment is required to protect the road and for the safety of your command; also whether you could raise any reliable troops in your district if authorized to do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CUMBERLAND, June 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have only two regiments guarding the railroad between the Ohio River and the mouth of South Branch of the Potomac - the Sixth Virginia and the Second Maryland. There is an immense amount of public property at New Creek Station, to protect which I have been compelled to concentrate most of the Maryland regiment at that point. The force that was holding the pass at Huttonsville, in Randolph County, has been withdrawn, by order of General Fremont. His movement leaves the Tygart Valley region entirely open and exposed to the raids of the enemy through the mountain pass, and consequently endangers the railroad passing through the counties of Harrison, Taylor, Preston, and Marion, as well as the public stores at Grafton and Clarksburg. Huttonsville, held by a sufficient force, would give protection, peace, and quietness to the loyal citizens of Randolph, Tucker, Upshur, Barbour, and adjoining counties, and enable me to protect fully the railroad and public property with my present force. In my judgment, two regiments and a good battery should be ordered to occupy and hold Huttonsville at once. I think another good regiment can be recruited in my district within a reasonable time if authorized. I have a train of cars loaded with rations, ready to leave for Martinsburg the moment I get notice that Big Cacapon Bridge is repaired and ready to cross.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, June 6, [1862] - 10 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Taylor's Hotel:

GENERAL: Information I have received from different sources tonight assures me that our difficulties in regard to supplies will soon be at an end. Our trains and troops will be able to cross the river at Williamsport to-morrow. The railway will be in operation east and west to Martinsburg by Monday. A steam-tug has probably been placed at Harper's Ferry to-night to supply the place of the bridge at Harper's Ferry, which has been swept away with exception only of the last spat. From this information I feel assured that we shall soon be in condition to move.

