
General Crawford's brigade will arrive to-morrow. I received a dispatch from an officer of General Fremont's staff, which informs that a vigorous running fight has been kept up since Sunday, in which many of the enemy have been captured and killed, but no impression made on Jackson's main body, which moved very rapidly and is well in advance.

Fremont at this time yesterday morning was at Mount Jackson.

There is no news from Richmond.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 7, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff:

Have the department headquarters and Duffie's battalion move to-morrow to Manassas. You will find the headquarters baggage wagons near Thoroughfare Gap.

Order Hartsuff's and Duryea's brigades to be prepared to march via Chester Gap upon Warrenton. The other brigade to follow as soon as relived. A due proportion of artillery and cavalry to go with the brigade.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Warrenton, Va., June 7, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Rappahannock:

SIR: Shortly before midnight on the 5th instant I received from Manassas your dispatch dated Front Royal, 3 p. m., directing me to move my division to Warrenton early the next morning, and mentioning a report that 1,500 of the enemy's cavalry had been seen at that place the day precious.

In obedience to this order my division was put in march at 8 a. m. on the 6th instant en route for Warrenton. As we were obliged to leave a large amount of commissary and quartermaster's stores at Gainesville, I thought it advisable to detail a regiment of infantry to guard these stores and the railroad in the vicinity of the station. The Twenty-first New York was selected for this purpose.

Our march to Warrenton was without incidents. The day was favorable, the road (turnpike) in excellent order, and the column kept well closed up. The head of the column reached Warrenton at 3 p. m., and the whole division was comfortably encamped in the vicinity of the town before dark.

We found no troops at Warrenton, nor could we learn that any had been there, or within some miles of the town, for several weeks, excepting small parties of mounted men hunting up and carrying off negroes South. The town itself is perfectly quiet, and the population civil in their demeanor toward our men.

I shall spare no pains to enforce rigid discipline in my command, and

