
the thousands, seize his train, and abundant supplies; and yet there is a strange want of enthusiasm in the command. The enemy in in retreat right before you. The men who follow him have no train-live by the way. This command can throw itself upon its flank, and yet I am pestered about shoes and stockings and clothing by officers like Colonel Gravin. Why, if the clothing was here, there is no time to get it. Take 5,000 of the enemy prisoners; then there will be time to clothe you. Some of the officers are discouraging their men instead of putting heart into them. Officers who do so at this time are not worthy of their places.

The Germans are not half as well off as you are, but they hang on the enemy without respite. This enemy insulted the capital of your country; he is in retreat; you are within a day and a half of him, and you hesitate. I don't mean you personally, but some of your officers and men. This would be a disgrace. Can this be my boasted Shield's division? If an officer hesitates, send him back. Go on with the men.

An order from General McDowell directs that wagons contain nothing but ammunition, subsistence, forage, cooking utensils, shelter-tents, one blanket, and one India rubber each. Everything else is to be sent back to Luray to be put in depot-all baggage of officers and men, knapsacks, tents, &amp;c. A rigid inspection is ordered. Colonel Shriber is at work. The wagons that carry back the baggage to Luray will go on to Front Royal for supplies. Act upon this at once. Let Colonel Gavin know that the order is issued; any officer or man who takes baggage along will never take it back. I will enforce the order rigidly. General McDowell writes me that Jackson marches 30 miles a day, and, as he says, we can never catch a swift-footed enemy with such a train filled with trumpery. Mind this, and let your officers act upon it at once.

Supplies have arrived for seven days-coffee, salt, hard bread, &c.; also shoes, but there is no time. Daum's artillery will start at 5 this morning; Tyler's brigade at 6. The cavalry will push on at once. I will start the whole and go myself as soon as I communicate with General McDowell. Tyler is directed not to take command of your brigade. I command you both. You ought to push on with Gavin's regiment cavalry and two guns, and be at Port Republic to-night; to-morrow at Waynesborough. Captain Keiley will join you. He is an able officer. He is deputed by me, and will be treated as such. Please confer with him on all occasions.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

WAHINGTON, June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

I have ordered to-day one regiment from Camp Chase, in Ohio, to Cumberland, and will order another next week. They are designed to be employed in guarding the railroad. You are authorized to raise a regiment in your district by recruits, if it can be done in thirty days, and be ready to be mustered into the service in that time.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

23 R R-VOL XII, PT III

