
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 8, 1862.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

U. S. Volunteers, Fredericksburg, Va.:

SIR: I inclose herewith, for your information, a manuscript copy of General Orders, Numbers 62.*

Instructions have been sent to Major-General Fremont to order the cavalry force known as Bayard's cavalry Brigade, with the artillery and battalion of Bucktail Rifles, to rejoin your command at Fredericksburg. The Secretary of War directs that, having first provided adequately for the defense of the city of Washington and for holding the position at Fredericksburg, you operate with the residue of your force as speedily as possible in the direction of Richmond, to co-operate with Major-General McClellan, in accordance with the instructions heretofore given you.

McCall's division, which has been by previous order directed toward Richmond by water, will still form a part of the Army of the Rappahannock, and will come under your orders when you are in a position to co-operate with Major McClellan.

General Fremont is instructed to take post with his main force near Harrisonburg, to guard against operations of the enemy down the valley of the Shenandoah, and General Banks to take position in force at or near Front Royal, on the right or left bank of the Shenandoah, with an advance at Luray or other points in supporting distance of General Fremont, and also to occupy the former positions of General Geary, on the line of the Manassas Gap Railroad, as far as the Manassas Junction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER:

Send off the staff to Manassas, but remain yourself with such officers as you may think necessary to attend to matters at Front Royal, to come over hereafter by railroad.

Send word to Major-General Shields that we shall go either to Richmond or Charlottesville via Culpeper, and to hold himself in readiness to march to Warrenton, and to send to you a memorandum of what his command requires to make it efficient, that I may make provision for it.

Have all the ammunition for Shields' division now at Front Royal either sent to him at once, if there is an opportunity, or brought back to Manassas, to intercept him either at Catlett's or Fredericksburg.

Have Christian's regiment and the section of artillery brought over to this side of the river as soon as possible.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

The Secretary of War does not consider that General Duryea's brigade is sufficient guard for the position of Front Royal. Order there-

---------------

*See Thomas to Banks, June 8, Part I, p. 541.

---------------

