
WASHINGTON, June 8, [1862.]

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Inquire of General Ricketts how many horses he needs in his batteries and cavalry. Find out, if you can, how many are needed in the Rhode Island cavalry. Ask if Lieutenant Fessended, Maine artillery, was in that part of the a battery which went with Bayard or with the section which was with Christian. The plan of our operations is not abandoned, but only delayed till Banks is in position.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Send to General Shields the following: That it being the intention of the President that the troops of the Rappahannock be employed else-where, General Shields will cease all further pursuit, and bring back all his division to Luray and get it ready for the march to Fredericksburg.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FRONT ROYAL, June 8, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have just received your telegram directing Shields to move to Fredericksburg via Warrenton, and I have sent two orderlies to him with the orders and information that his ammunition has been ordered via railroad. The orderlies will bring back a memorandum of his wants. The telegram about change of brigades to march to Warrenton has been communicated to General Ricketts, who will get off to-morrow, it being necessary for him to call in some detachments and cook rations. He will take some ammunition, which is here in store for him, with him. Besides, he has not yet got over the cavalry and baggage wagons which were with Christian's regiment, it being slow work. The prisoners and sick will be sent forward. The Rhode Island cavalry has been ordered to Manassas.

General King telegraphs as follows:

WARRENTON JUNCTION, 8th.

I sent as far as White Sulphur Springs, 7 miles on the Rappahannock. No enemy could be seen or heard of, nor were pickets visible beyond the Rappahannock. Our men met at the Springs a discharged Confederate soldier, who left Richmond Wednesday and passed through Gordonsville Friday. He reports the Confederate troops as much disheartened. Does not know where Jackson is, and says there are no troops of any consequence between Gordonsville and Warrenton. Captain Buell reports he has patrolled the road between Catlett's and the Rappahannock and can hear of no enemy.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FRONT ROYAL, June 8, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Washington, D. C.:

I have just returned from a point 6 miles on the way to Manassas with staff, where your telegrams reached me. I shall carry out your

