
and major in Ewell's division at Stanardsville, directing privates to press horses and picket the mountains while they are removing Government stores. This proves that they are in flight from Stanardsville, either to Charlottesville, by way of Gordonsville, or Waynesborough. I could almost course such rubbish cavalry., One good regiment now would count them up on all sides. My cavalry is an incumbrance. I have to take care of them instead of them taking care of me; but as I need orderlies and scouts, I must use them I keep Captain? Whipple and a hundred Rhode Island cavalry which I have shod to watch at Luray. These are the only ones here, and I hope the commanding general will sanction this. I go forward myself to-day with the two additional brigades, leaving Luray to be garrisoned by my shoreless men and inefficient until a force can join them from Front Royal. Please let the general know the position at once; he will see the necessity for sending on a few regiments as fast as they can be forwarded. I will keep him constantly advised of our operations. I think we will finish Jackson.*

Sincerely, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,June 8, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Another brigade has left for above, making all now thrown forward three brigades. One remains here until one of the brigades now at Front Royal is within reach. Major Munn, commandant, informs me that he has stopped the mills, there being too much flour. Pray urge upon the general commanding to send one brigade at least to Luray at once, to relieve the one now here. Two brigades can be supplied with flour here without making any demand on railroad. The moment General Ferry is informed of their approach he had orders to go forward. I go myself immediately. Major Munn is commandant here.

JAS. SHIELD,

Commanding First Division, Army of the Rappahannock.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING:

Continue the march of your division to Fredericksburg, using such dispatch as is compatible with the efficiency of your command upon its arrival at that place.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to transmit the following resolution of a meeting of the officers of the Tenth Maine:

That the regiment is now, as it always has been, ready to obey any orders, either

---------------

*Synopsis of this dispatch telegraphed by Schriver to McDowell 4.30 p. m. June 8.

---------------

