
WASHINGTON, June 9, 1862-11.20 a. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Front Royal:

Two messages will be coming to Front Royal in cipher, one for General Shields and one for General Fremont.

Have the operator make two copies of the one to Fremont and send one copy, together with the message, to General Shields to Luray, with orders to send, it to General Fremont immediately; send the other copy to General Fremont by way of Strasburg.

Let the messengers in each direction go with all reasonable expedition, and send commissioned officers if you can.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SEVEN MILES BELOW FREDERICKSBURG,

June 9, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Your dispatch is received. I have to embark my division below the burnt hulks, at least 7 miles below the city. I have had to make wharves. The First Brigade (Reynold's) is on board and will drop down at once. The Second Brigade is on the ground and is embarking. The Third will embark to-morrow, as will the artillery, if I have transports. The embarkation of the cavalry will depend on the arrival of transports. They have all been longer coming than they counted on. The first boats arrived before sunset yesterday. We worked all night, and are progressing as fast as possible.

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FRONT ROYAL, VA.,

June 9, 1862-9.30 a. m.

Major General JAMES SHIELDS,

Commanding Division, Luray:

GENERAL: I have just received instructions from General McDowell to order you to get your division together and keep it in hand.

The general says you should not have sent a part of your force so far ahead that it could have no support, his instructions on this point having required you expressly not to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

FRONT ROYAL, June 9, 1862.

General SHIELDS:

I have this moment received your dispatch respecting Carroll's affair. It would seem too late to do anything to sustain your movement from this quarter.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

