
CATLETT'S, June 9, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Your dispatch is just received. My division is halted between Elk and Cedar Runs, awaiting orders. The effect of another retrograde movement will be disheartening to the men. Spare us the necessity if possible.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING,

Commanding Division, Catlett's:

I hope you will not have to retrograde. Both Shield's and Fremont's advance became engaged with the enemy and have been checked.

The plan heretofore communicated is not abandoned, but only delayed.

Get your command in the best order. What do you need in the way of artillery or cavalry horses?

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

FRONT ROYAL, June 9, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have just received the following communication:

CAMP AT HARRISONBURG, June 7.

I write for instructions. Am I to stay here? Am I to regard myself as belonging to General Fremont's army? If not, what am I to do?

Colonel Wyndham was ambuscaded yesterday. He was taken prisoner, the regimental colors lost, and 30 men, including Captains Shelmire, Clark, and Haines.

Colonel Kane had a fight with a regiment of infantry. He was wounded and taken prisoner; also Captains Taylor and Blanchard and Lieutenant Sqayne wounded. He lost 25 men. The Bucktails fought splendidly.

We have had the advance ever since we have been here, and have taken about 300 prisoners and released about 40 of General Banks' men. We are utterly used up, except Lieutenant Hall's Griffin guns and the Bucktails.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

I have prepared a letter, which I shall send to Bayard by first opportunity, acquainting him that the he is to join this department as soon as possible, and that both General Fremont and Shields have been requested to have it done.

The following is just in from General Shields:
HEADQUARTERS,Within eight miles of Conrad's Store, June 9, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Received from Colonel Schriver dispatch containing two telegrams, being order for return to Fredericskburg.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

