
burt, which place we reached about 1 o'clock p. m., and found the town unoccupied by any force. I proceeded to the hospital, and found 12 wounded prisoners, 2 having recovered sufficiently to leave since our last visit, on the 1st instant. Two of those that remained have been previously paroled. Two others were in such a critical condition that I thought it unnecessary to parole them, as they were then in a dying state. Those have died since our last visit. The remaining 8 I procured their signatures to the parole, all being anxious to give it. All the wounded are suffering for proper surgical attendance. From the last information there is no enemy encamped within 8 miles of Lewisburg, except a small guerrilla band, known as White's Cavalry. From 3 to 10 of this band make daily visits to Lewisburg, remaining overnight, when they rejoin their companies, who have up to the 9th instant been encamped about 1 mile over the Greenbrier River, near the former site of the Greenbrier Bridge.

After remaining in town three hours we left for camp, which place we reached about 8 o'clock p. m., meeting with no obstacle in going or returning.

I remain, your obedient servant,

W. M. FORTESCUE,

Second Lieutenant, Company F, Second Va. Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, June 10, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL,

Winchester:

General Halleck has been notified of your present position, and directed to send your adjutant-general immediately to Winchester.

Your dispatch by messenger has been received, but I had not the good fortune to see the bearer. I will communicate with you on the subject shortly. The defense of the Shenandoah Valley and the co-operation with Fremont is regarded by the President as one of the most important duties now before the Government, and much reliance is placed upon your military genius and skill, so that I hope you will not deem your present duty inferior to any other.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, VA., June 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Received your dispatch yesterday. The greater part of General Banks' troops, including 2,000 cavalry, arrived here to-day and yesterday. I have sent my adieu, Captain Lyon, to report to you the condition of the troops under my command, and shall try my best to make them ready for an advance. Detailed reports, with returns and requisitions for the most necessary supplies, will be sent to-morrow.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

24 R R-VOL XII, PT III

