HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,Winchester, June 11, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

SIR: The commanding general desires me, in reply to the telegram of General McDowell, to say that the orders which he had from Washington directs him to move his main force to the Shenandoah Rive at or opposite Front Royal. General Crawford is now near or on the Shenandoah opposite Front Royal, and the rest of General Williams' division will arrive there by the last of the week. General Sigel states that his command will be in condition to move in six days from this date. His requisitions are not yet fully answered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The original will go in the morning train.

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FRONT ROYAL, June 11, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Washington, D. C.:

No horseshoes have been brought here for Shields' division since our arrival at Front Royal. There are some, and some mule shoes in the burned railroad depot, which may answer the purpose if any of Shields' staff could find time to gather them together. Quartermaster Johnson, who is supposed to have men's shoes, was advised some days ago of Shields' wants, but he has not yet made his appearance from the rear that I have heard. The cars were ready of Duryea's brigade at 4 o'clock p. m. yesterday, but all have not gone yet even at this hour, 8 o'clock. Captain Barstow was just in time to prevent the placing on the cars of some artillery, which Duryea fancied he had control of until I sent him word he had nothing to do with it, and if he had it was improper to send it by rail.

I have directed Ricketts to follow with the remaining brigades of his division as soon as relived by troops from General Banks' division, reminding him of the Secretary of War's opinion that one brigade in Front Royal was not sufficient. If this is not right, please countermand it. I go at 11 to-day to Manassas.

I have just received from Brigadier-General Crawford, in command of some of Banks' forces on the other side of the river, notice of his arrival with orders to relieve "Major-General McDowell, in command of the town of Front Royal." I have informed him that the communication was referred to General Ricketts, and told him that if he had two brigades, which the Secretary of War regarded as necessary to be present in Front Royal, and would report the same to General Ricketts, who was under orders to leave, the War Department instructions could be carried out immediately, which was much to be desired. If the necessity for the presence of two brigades no longer exists General Ricketts should be notified, and he can go to Catlett's at once.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

