
FRONT ROYAL, June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding United States Froces near bank of the Shenandoah:

SIR: Your communication of this date, addressed to the commanding officer at Front Royal, and inclosing a copy of General Banks' order directing you to "move on Front Royal and relieve Major-General McDowell, in command of the town," has been handed to me, General McDowell's chief of staff.

In reply, I beg to acquaint you that your communication has been referred to Brigadier-General Ricketts, who now commands the division which occupies this town at present, Major-General

McDowell being in command of the department and not of the town. I am in possessing of information form the Secretary of War that he regards, or did so when the dispatch was written, two brigades in and about Front Royal necessary. General Ricketts is under orders to leave Front Royal as soon as relieved. If, therefore, you have two brigades, with artillery and cavalry, and will communicate the fact to General Ricketts, the orders of the War Department may be carried out immediately, which is much to be desired.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

FRONT ROYAL, June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

In a telegram yesterday from General McDowell it is directed that as soon as General Banks' cavalry and artillery arrive at Front Royal General Ricketts is to send his cavalry and artillery by the nearest road the Catlett's. Nothing is said about the movement of infantry, and therefore the existing orders are to govern. My understanding is that your two other brigades (Duryea's having gone) are to leave for Catlett's in the cars as soon as the troops from Banks' command shall arrive here to relieve the, the presence of two brigades in Front Royal being understood necessary by the Secretary of War.

I go to Manassas at 11 a. m. to-day, and now renew my request that you keep a guard at Mr. Cook's house for his protection. Also that the officers who will be in charge after you leave be made acquainted with the wish, which I know is General McDowell's.

The general also directs that all persons at Front Royal belonging to Shields' division-stragglers and foot-weary men-be brought to Manassas by rail and thence to Catlett's. These men will be found by the provost-marshall, and he ought to have instructions about he general's directions, which I will ask you to communicate.

I inclose a communication just received from General Crawford and copy of my reply, which concern your movements.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

COLUMBIA BRIDGE,

June 11, 1862-9 a. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: We are now passing from this place to Luray. There I must take a few days to rest for the march to Catlett's. At Catlett's I

