
consequence of which he is falling back to Harrisonburg on his way to Mount Jackson, where he desires my command to join him. General Sigel's division is in front of Winchester and Kernstow, 6,000 men, with two pieces of artillery. The First Brigade Williams' division is on the Shenandoah opposite Front Royal, and the Third Brigade will be in Winchester to-morrow; total, with cavalry, 6,000 men and twelve serviceable guns.

In my opinion Mount Jackson is no place to meet the enemy. Middletown is a point which commands the opening of the three mountain valley, and either Middletown or Winchester is the place to meet Jackson. My opinion is that Fremont should fall back to this line, and I have so suggested to him in order to

------

the enemy from his rear. If we are compelled to me the enemy here more artillery and more troops should be sent, if possible. We expect return of messenger here in the morning with further advices and will communicate.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The following dispatch has just been received from General McClellan:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 11, 1862-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following is taken from the Richmond Whig of the 10th instant:

"STAUNTON, June 9, 1862.

"Governor LETCHER:

"General Jackson has given General Shields an awful whipping, capturing one regiment and his artillery, and driven him for miles down the Shenandoah. Fremont appeared on the opposite bank of the Shenandoah River. Our victory over Shields to-day is complete. If Jackson had re-enforcements he would save all. Our loss is very heavy, but the enemy's is tremendous. the cavalry is still in pursuit. Fremont crossed the North River with a small force at Rockland Mills."

[Second dispatch.]

"STAUNTON, June 9, 1862.

"General Ashby was killed last Friday. Our loss yesterday was about 200; to-day much heavier. Will give you all news additional that comes to hand. Great victory over Shields to-day."

[Third dispatch.]

"STAUNTON, June 9, 1862.

"Fremont is falling back and blockading the roads. Jackson pursuing Shields. Urge forward the re-enforcements, so that he may follow up this success.

"A. W. H."

There is reason to believe that two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery were sent from Richmond on Sunday, the 8th instant, to re-enforce Jackson.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

