
been broken down. The letter need rest, the former shoeing, before I can attempt to cross through the pass. I have not two serviceable horses in either regiment. You know, sir, that it was not my fault that I did not have the shoe nails, and here I could not get such things as shoes or nails, and I did not have my forges. I must stop and shoe my horses. To attempt to go to Luray as I am would utterly destroy the horses. Whilst I am shoeing, I send forward this express to ask permission to go by Strasburg and Front Royal. The bridge over the river on the road to Luray is destroyed and it would be utterly impossible for me to get my artillery across. If Jackson has followed General Shields I should be cut to pieces before ever I could join him. On the score of practicability of the route, as well as its safety, I would prefer the Strasburg route, and have the honor to request permission to take the command that way. I think I shall need at least 400 horses to fill up the regiments as they were.

Generals Kimball's and Carroll's brigades you know were pretty well cut up before we reached Port Republic. We had a pretty hard fight Sunday, and lost, in killed and wounded, 1,600 or 1,800 men. Remember the bridge to Luray is destroyed and there is no way to get over the river, and Jackson, with his forces, in the valley. For me to go to that way will be more that temerity.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

CATLETT'S, June 12, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

A contraband, who came into camp to-day, reports that Jackson passed through Charlottesville in retreat day before yesterday. He had his artillery and train with him. I should like to move my camp a few miles to-morrow; where we are now the water is bad, the site unwholesome. General Duryea and brigade are all here.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL SIGEL'S DIVISION,Winchester, Va., June 12, 1862-3 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My dispatch of the 11th was essentially correct. According to a dispatch received to-night from Colonel Albert, chief of General Fremont's staff, it is evident that Fremont's army attacked Jackson's forces on the 8th of June and defeated them, driving them toward Port Republic, where, after attacking General Shields' forces and defeating them, he burned the bridge and prevented Fremont's army from crossing the river to follow up the victory gained-information having been received that Jackson had formed a junction with Generals Smith's and Longstreet's forces, amounting in all to 30,000 or 35,000 men, and that General Shields' forces retreated toward Richmond. I am informed by Colonel Albert that Fremont's army commenced their retreat to Mount Jackson yesterday morning, not being able to withstand such

