
a force. My forces not being in condition to move forward, General Banks has ordered his whole force and mine to concentrate at Kernstown, 3 miles south of Winchester, where we will await the arrival of Fremont's forces and make a stand again Jackson; but we must have artillery, which I earnestly request to be sent on immediately. Cannot some of the artillery around Washington be spared-at least four batteries? Furthermore, I desire the requisitions sent on to-day for the wants of this division to be filled immediately, to put the troops under my command in such a condition that I can make a forward movement with them if necessary.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, Winchester:

Your dispatches of yesterday and to-day were received. It cannot be possible that Jackson has any such re-enforcement as 30,000 or 35,000. McClellan telegraphs that two regiments of re-enforcements were sent from Richmond to Jackson. What necessity can there be for General Banks to fall back from Front Royal and his positions until Fremont comes up? Does it not leave a gap for Jackson to pass through Front Royal as before?

The President directs that your forces and Banks' shall not fall back from Front Royal and their present positions until further developments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1862.

Colonel MILES, Harper's Ferry:

Please report immediately by telegraph what force you have at Harper's Ferry, stating specifically the number of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and also what artillery you have in position besides the Horse Artillery, if you have any.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 12 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have for duty 1,176 infantry including Eight New York Cavalry, dismounted, and part of Maulsby's Maryland Home Guard; 182 cavalry. Have no artillerymen. Have two 9-inch Dahlgrens and one 50-pounder rifled; also four smooth-bore 12-pounder howitzers and two 3-inch rifled guns, which are under orders for Winchester.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

