
WASHINGTON, June 13, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL, Manassas:

A dispatch from Fremont, received this morning, was dated on the 10th instant at Port Republic, and said that he intended to fall back until he formed a junction with Banks, which he said he intended to do at Mount Jackson. The President's order of Sunday, you know, directed him to take position at Harrisonburg, but yesterday leave was given to occupy Mount Jackson if the preferred that point. Another dispatch to the President received to-day was dated at Mount Jackson yesterday, asking that Sigel and Banks might be ordered to report to him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FRONT ROYAL, June--, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I send you copies of communications received from Major General N. P. Banks and my answer to the same:*

WINCHESTER, VA., June 13, 1862.

General RICKETTS:

The difficulty in moving my command is at this moment insuperable, and it will be necessary that your command should remain at Front Royal until my advance can be ordered. It shall not be beyond the time that is absolutely necessary for its equipment.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 13, 1862-12.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Owing to some instructions from Major-General Banks the troops of his command have not crossed the river to relieve General Ricketts at Front Royal. This, I understand, is the impression General Banks is under, that this is an accordance with his instructions from Washington. It is most desirable General Banks should at once relieve my troops in the valley, so that Front Royal and the line from Manassas to that place be abandoned, so that I may be at work getting my forces together. They are too far apart. I want to get a larger force at Fredericksburg and at Catlett's at once. Jackson is either coming against Shields at Luray, or King at Catlett's, or Doubleday at Fredericksburg, or is going to Richmond. Neither of the places named is in condition to withstand him and in any case I should get my command together; but I cannot leave the valley and commence to do so till General Banks assumes the charge. Cannot he be asked to hasten his troops? General Sigel, who is near Winchester, is waiting for certain supplies. A small force of the enemy has made his appearance in front of Fredericksburg, driving in our pickets.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*This is incomplete.

---------------

