
eral Banks General Crawford has not crossed the river, and I am still holding the town of Front Royal. Should my two brigades be ordered to Luray this should be considered.

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

WINCHESTER, VA., June 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of the 12th instant just received. My last report was an abstract of a letter received on the morning of the 12th from Colonel Albert, chief of staff to General Fremont. I only stated what he wrote to me. I never intended to pull back, nor did General Banks, as far as I know. All our forces are now concentrated between here and Newtown. General Banks' two brigades are encamped at Newton and opposite Front Royal; my two brigades near Kernstown, on the road to Strasburg. I have sent reports of the number and condition of my troops to the Adjutant General and to General Ripley. I direct your special attention to those reports. General Fremont's headquarters are at Mount Jackson; his troops at New Market.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

The Eighty-fourth Ohio Regiment is on the road from Wheeling to Cumberland with orders for Washington. You will halt it and place it at New Creek to guard the depot there until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CLARKSBURG, June 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram has been forwarded to me here. I has already strengthened New Creek by withdrawing most of my force from Cumberland and neighborhood. May I therefore ask that your order be modified so as to allow me to retain the Eighty-fourth Regiment at Cumberland for the present, in order that I may have it put in a condition for efficient service? I will return to Cumberland on Monday. Guerrillas are either killed, captured, or driven out of most of the counties of Northwestern Virginia. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad is all safe and in good working order west of Harper's Ferry. Please answer here.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

