
WASHINGTON, June 13, 1862.

JOHN W. GABRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

I had authorized Colonel Miles to stop the Eighty-fourth Ohio at Harper's ferry, but on reflection think it had better be halted at New Creek and let the other regiments come forward to Harper's Ferry. Others are ready to come. There is no occasion for alarm at Winchester.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 13, 1862-10 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have sent up to Winchester, by order, all stragglers and parts of companies, retaining four companies to garrison Harper's Ferry west of the Potomac, numbering 317 men. Seven companies Eighth New York Cavalry are stationed on Maryland Heights, and six companies of Maulsby's regiment at Sandy Hook and east side of the railroad bridge. I respectfully recommend, to make this place secure, an officer be sent here to construct two redoubts. We have the tools, but no laborers.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel, &amp;c.

MANASSAS, June 14, 1862-8 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The position which I learn from your telegram of also night is now occupied by Fremont at Mount Jackson leaves Shields' command exposed at Luray. Either Jackson is falling back to Richmond or he is waiting for re-enforcements to renew his offensive operations. If the former, my forces are not needed where they now are, but are needed where the President has ordered them. If the latter, then has Fremont's movement to Mount Jackson and Banks' inability to make one, ad ordered, up the east bank of the Shenandoah, left the forces of my command too much divided to support each other and give that protection to the capital which it is made my duty to afford. I am not in strength either at Luray, on this line, or at Fredericksburg, whilst the valley west of the Shenandoah down to Harper's Ferry is held in superabundant strength. I propose, therefore, to immediately order my troops out of the valley, and have General Geary take post at Thoroughfare. General King goes to-day to Fredericksburg with another brigade.

If hereafter Banks shall see fit to cross the Shenandoah at Front Royal and carry out the plans the President ordered, he will be able to do so as well as if I were there. If not, no harm will be done, and I will be able to utilize the forces now locked up in his department. I fell precious time is being lost so far as I am concerned by my having to wait for Banks, and that I am either being exposed to be attacked in detail, if Jackson acts offensively, or that I am delaying the re-enforcements for Richmond, where they will be needed more than ever if, as I am led to think may be the case, he has gone to re-enforce Lee.

