
means of crossing the river, however, and enough of the boats at Alexandria should be sent to connect rafts. At any rate, to operate at Front Royal we must have some means of crossing.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Manassas, June 14, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Shenandoah, Winchester:

The pontoon train you refer to as being at Alexandria is the reserve division of the train on the Rappahannock and is the only movable portion of the train, and is now on the way to Fredericksburg for use over streams to the south. It is not enough for a bridge except over a narrow stream, and was intended to be used as a ferry.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 14, 1862.

Major-General SHIELDS,

Luray (through General Ricketts, at front Royal):

The major-general commanding was informed last night from the War Department that Major-General Fremont had fallen back to Mount Jackson, and had applied to have Major-Generals Banks and Sigel sent to join him.

If there is reason, as Major-General Fremont seems to think there is, to except an attack from Jackson's army re-enforced, your position at Luray, now no longer in reach of any support from General Fremont's army, is not safe, and you will therefore make your arrangements to quit and march to Warrenton at a moment's notice.

The condition of the service is such as to make it necessary for every officer to be at his post. The general therefore directs that no leaves of absence, save on surgeon's certificate of disability, be given in any case whatever.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 14, 1862.

Major-General SHIELDS, Luray (through General Ricketts, Front Royal, to whom this is to be sent):

Major-General McDowell directs that you move your disposition to Catlett's at the earliest practicable moment. What supplies are at Front Royal will go forward to you to-night. Any deficiency that there may be will be forwarded you at Catlett's.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

