
but obtain all possible information about the enemy's strength and movements.

J. C. FREMONT.

[APRIL 2, 1862.-For B. S. Alexander's instructions to F. R. Munther in relation to the fortification of Manassas, see Series I, Vol. V, p. 65.]

WOODSTOCK, VA., April 2, 1862-5 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY:

Our advance occupies Edenburg. Some skirmishing to-day. Otherwise affairs are quiet. No change in position of enemy, who is near Mount Jackson.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, April 3, 1862.

General BANKS:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. The commanding general is much pleased with your vigorous pursuit of the enemy, and he desires you to push him on as far as New Market, from which point he would not be likely to return. You are authorized to retain Colonel Holliday's cavalry for the short time you desire. The Vermont cavalry can remain at Strasburg to rest their horses.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., [April 3, 1862]-8 p.m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters McDowell's Corps, near Seminary:

The order for the First Corps to go below is countermanded by the President. It goes to the front by land.

Issue the following order:*

Brigadier-General Franklin will throw forward his division to Manassas Junction, and thence beyond, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, to relieve any troops of Brigadier-General Sumner's corps or reoccupy the positions it may have left.

The cavalry and a battery will be put in motion to-morrow via Fairfax Court-House and Centreville. Forage will be taken for them on the railroad.

A brigade of infantry and Brigadier-General Woodbury's brigade of engineers will be sent forward to-morrow by railroad from near the seminary. They will take with them their tents and provisions for three days. The wagons attached to the brigade will accompany the cavalry and artillery.

The remainder of the division will follow as soon as possible the next day.

---------------

*Embodied in General Orders, Numbers 6, Headquarters First Army Corps, of same date.

---------------

