HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Manassas, June 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS, Front Royal:

General McDowell wishes you to acquaint him immediately what are the facilities for Crossing troops from the other side of the river to this side, and how and to what extent the existing means of crossing can be multiplied by anything, such as scows, boats, &amp;c., which can be had in your vicinity.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, June 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Please see sixth column of first page of Baltimore Clipper, of this date, for interesting orders from Johnston to Jackson, respecting past operations in the valley of the Shenandoah and my command at Fredericksburg.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 14, 1862-9 p. m.

Major-General BANKS, Winchester:

I beg to communicate to you the following information about the means of crossing the river at Front Royal: It consists of a flat-boat, which carries a company of infantry. When the ferry was turned over to General Crawford by it Colonel Christian's regiment was crossed with baggage wagons and section of artillery, battery wagons and forge; also a squadron of cavalry. From Front Royal 60 loaded wagons were passed over. If there were ropes there a flat-boat bridge could be constructed without difficulty. So General Ricketts reports.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

FALMOUTH, June 14, 1862.

General McDOWELL:

The cavalry are returning. They examined the country for 18 miles. The attack on my pickets proceeded from 50 irregular rebel cavalry, who came from Davenport's Ford, on the Central Railroad, 90 miles from Waller's and 27 from Fredericksburg. A considerable force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery is undoubtedly assembling there, with pickets extending to Waller's. All accounts agree in this; the negroes say many hundreds.

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Brigadier-General.

FALMOUTH, June 14, 1862-9.50 p. m.

Major-General McDOWELL, Manassas:

I arrived here this evening. Have received your dispatch. I shall send out parties on this side of the river and scouts on the other to-

