
morrow and collect the desired information. I should like Colonel Davies' cavalry here, if they are no longer needed in the vicinity of Catlett's.

General McCall's cavalry all left here this evening.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Manassas, June 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING,

Fredericksburg or Falmouth:

The general has received your dispatch of this morning. He desires me to say that Fredericksburg is to be occupied by a guard only, under the protection of your guns on this side of the river, keeping your forces well together on the left bank on defensive; sending out pickets up and down the river to see that no body of the enemy crosses, and nothing but scout and pickets much beyond the town on the other side.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, June 15, 1862.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

So much has been said about my not going to aid McClellan and of his need of re-enforcements that I beg the President will now allow me to take every man that can be spared. I make this request in view of what I just learned from Front Royal of an intention to have my Second Division broken up and Hartsuff's brigade transferred to General Banks' department.

Fremont's and General Banks' commands are now superabundantly strong for all purposes in the valley.

Jackson seems to have gone to Charlottesville, and I will have to do with him either on the way or at Richmond. The rapid marches over the mountains have diminished my force, aside from McCall's division, by at least 4,000 men. At Richmond we will have the heavy work, and after providing for the safety of this line and Fredericksburg my force to march upon Richmond will be a much smaller re-enforcement that will be looked for or wanted.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

MANASSAS, June 15, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Banks writes to General Ricketts, commanding my Second Division, at Front Royal, that the difficulty in his moving his command is insuperable, and that General Ricketts must remain with his command until his (General Banks') advance can be ordered, which shall not be beyond the time absolutely necessary for its equipment. I learn from another dispatch that he is waiting for blankets, &amp;c., and one to me that he is waiting for means to cross the river. I have tele-

