
graphed him that there is a ferry at Front Royal, over which we have passed a regiment of infantry, a section of artillery, 60 baggage wagons, and a squadron of cavalry, and that with ropes he can build a bridge of scows. I now learn to-day that there is on foot a plan for having Hartsuff's brigade, of the Second Division, transferred to General Banks; and in anticipation that General Williams has been calling on Hartsuff for returns of his brigade, and that General Banks is now on the way to Washington. I am sure it is not expected I should wait till bridges are built or troops should get everything in the way of equipments. My troops also need many things which I shall not wait for. I regret to have to trouble you in this matter, and to beg that I may not be deprived of Hartsuff. They have enough for their defensive purposes, and I shall need more than I have, though I may not ask for them for the work I have to do.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

JUNE 15, 1862.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

I just learned from Front Royal that General Banks is about leaving Winchester for Washington, and at the same time that it is intended to have my Second Division, under Ricketts, broken up by having Hartsuff's brigade withdrawn and transferred to General Banks. The troops now under Generals Banks and Fremont are abundantly strong for all purposes in the valley. From all that I can learn Jackson is no longer in the valley, but at Charlottesville, either en route to Richmond or Fredericksburg. I am to provide for the defense of Washington and Fredericksburg and then to Richmond. I have not a man to spare. I am less McCall's division, and about 4,000 men lost for service by the forced marches from the others. Please endeavor to prevent this. I cannot afford to lose this brigade and carry out the programme assigned me. Banks delays relieving me until his troops get blankets, &amp;c.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 15, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL, Manassas:

You need be under no apprehension about your force being broken up. Banks wants Hartsuff's brigade, but the President refuses to let it be taken from your command. Banks comes here by my invitation, in order that the President may see him and urge prompt compliance with his arrangement.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Luray, June 15, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatches, hurrying me forward to Catlett's Station, were all received last night.

No supplies of shoes and stockings or of horse and mule shoes and

