
nails have reached me. One-half of my transportation is now at Front Royal awaiting these supplies. There is not enough there, as reported last night, to supply two regiments. I am assured that I cannot expect them for four days. Under these circumstances I find it necessary to move my command to Front Royal, and put my command in motion this morning for that purpose.

Please let the commanding general know that it is utterly impossible to cross the mountains without these supplies. I repeat, that my command are for the most part shoreless and without stockings; my horses and mules without shoes. I will do anything possible, as I hope the commanding general knows, but to move from Front Royal is impossible until I get these supplies.

Johnson, my quartermaster, ought to have forwarded them, but he is stupid, and knows nothing of his duty. I rely solely on the energy and ability of the general commanding. My wagons are empty at Front Royal and my stores are here, but I will shift to have them removed.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS, Front Royal:

Do you know whether word sent to General Bayard, about three days ago, through you, that his return route should be by Front Royal, was received by him?

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 15, 1862-5.15 p. m.

Major-General SHIELDS, Luray (through General Ricketts, at Front Royal, who will send this out immediately):

The major-general commanding does not consider your position at Luray, now that General Fremont is at Mount Jackson, a safe one, if the enemy sees fit to come down on you in force; and on that account, as well as because he wishes you as soon as possible to be in a condition to carry out the President's order for the operation of the forces in this department, he desires you to leave it without delay.

Every effort has been made to send you horseshoes, clothing, shoes, and stockings, and it is through you must have them by this time; it may be in not sufficient quantities, yet enough, it is hoped, for you to march to Catlett's, where you can be completely refitted.

If you absolutely cannot march to Catlett's you can fall back to Front Royal, where the railroad can aid you in getting over.

Please acknowledge this immediately.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS, Front Royal:

The general has seen all your telegrams. He directs that General

