
MILFORD,

Twelve miles from Front Royal, June 16, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Telegraph of June 15, 5 a. m., received. I am thus far en route to Front Royal with my whole division. The movement anticipated the telegram. Some supplies have reached us. Expect more at Front Royal. Horses and mules must be shod to go to Catlett's. If shoes and nails are there, will make the forges work night and day. Will be there myself to-night, when I can confer with you.

Tell the general commanding that I will do everything to join him at once.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

FALMOUTH, June 16, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

A deserter from the Fifty-seventh Virginia Regiment, who left Richmond last Wednesday, came into our lines this morning. He says that the rebel army there is reported at 150,000, but he thinks it does not exceed 100,000. All the divisions on this side of James River were engaged in the battle of Fair Oaks. General Joe Johnston was shot through the breast with a Minie ball, and his recovery is thought doubtful. The deserter adds that the rebel army is ill-fed and ill-clad, and that great discontent prevails in the ranks. The report at Richmond was that Beauregard was going to join Jackson in the valley of Virginia. The deserter thinks there are no troops of any account between Richmond and Fredericksburg. There was great deal of sickness in the Richmond hospitals and thirty or forty deaths a day. Such is his story. I have telegraphed this information to Secretary of War.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FRONT ROYAL, June 16, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

General Hartsuff will get off to-morrow if sufficient cars and engines are furnished. It of course depends upon the arrival of General Shields according to your orders.

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FRONT ROYAL, June 16, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I have just arrived here with my division. All well. Have not yet learned the quantity or quality of supplies. Have sent Dr. Most to report. Will soon make myself ready to leave.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General..

