HDQRS. SECOND NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,June 16, 1862.

Captain R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, King's Division:

I have the honor to report, as result of scout ordered this day, that I sent Company G, Lieutenant Kimball commanding, toward the Rappahannock. He reports that he proceeded 9 miles from here to a point within 6 miles of the Rappahannock; that from inquiries he could make he received the same information, that there was no force of any consequence at Culpeper Court-House or county, the same having been withdrawn about two weeks ago; that there was no information as to its extent there; that the few scouts on this side had crossed the river before the recent rains, fearing they might be cut off. He could learn nothing about the state of affairs at Gordonsville. The roads are about the same as the others in this county, but less cut up. Very little forage. The inhabitants nearly out of provisions.

In addition to Kimball's report, I would state that there are, as nearly as I can learn, half dozen of the enemy's cavalry, of Stafford County, who have been left between the Rappahannock and Stafford Court-House. I think them residents of the country here on visits; they wear uniform. I have made no effort to catch any, as it will be a nearly useless waste of horse-flesh, and they are not near here.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Second New York Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., June 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I informed you yesterday by telegram that I had examined Harper's Ferry and found it in a very in defensive condition.

It is a very important position in reference to Baltimore and Washington and for operating in Western Virginia, and in connection with the railroad the latter is too important to the service to be neglected.

Mr. Garrett has just completed another bridge. Yesterday several batteries passed over it. A force sufficient to protect the bridge and railroad should be stationed there, and also to give protection to the troops in advance of it under Generals Banks, Shields, and Fremont. You have a determined and enterprising enemy to contend with. It never occurs to your generals that they have a rear where they have supplies for their forces. But a few days since General Banks was driven back at a great loss of property and men. You are now sending forward four batteries, as I am informed, for his army. No general acts wisely who leaves his rear and depots exposed to be assailed without a force to protect them.

It is, there fore, considering Washington and Baltimore two of the most important points in possession of the Government, that I would earnestly use a reserve corps, if practicable, of 50,000 be stationed between Washington and Baltimore. Whilst they would give protection and confidence to the loyal men of both these cities, and, until called for to operate in the field, they could be instructed in all the duties and evolutions which are indispensable on the field of battle. In a word, whilst

