
stationary, let them be instructed in all the practicable duties of the field. The infantry, artillery, and cavalry ought to be taught how to operate together when in the field.

In my telegram I stated that four regiments ought to be sent at once to Harper's Ferry. That place and vicinity require this force. At present, Colonel Miles has not more than 300 or 400 that he can rely upon.

I refer you to Mr. Garrett for further information on this subject. He will hand you this letter.

I have assumed command of Harper's Ferry, as you desired.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

P. S.-I will send you a report about the rebel officers in this city today.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,June 16, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Division Headquarters:

CAPTAIN: Major Comly reports the New River Ford passable, and suggests that it would be a very convenient way for the enemy to get in rear of the force at Pack's Ferry. I have already ordered Captain Townsend to keep a strong picket on the hill overlooking the ford of Blue Stone and that of New River. Our scout, Jackson, of the Twenty-third, returned to Pack's Ferry from the Farms last night. Reports no force there now. Did not dark make inquiries as to when they left. He is gone to Indiana Creek to-day.

Last night about dark four men showed themselves on the hills opposite Pack's Ferry. A party was sent after them, but they escaped in the darkness.

The companies of the Eleventh [Ohio] Regiment have returned to Pack's Ferry. Major Comly has directed that no details be made from them so as to enable them to bend all their energies upon the boats.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

WASHINGTON, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHURZ,

Mount Jackson, Va.:

Your long letter is received. The information you give is valuable. You say it is fortunate that Fremont did not intercept Jackson; that Jackson had the superior force, and would have overwhelmed him. If this is so, how happened it that Fremont fairly fought and routed him ont he 8th? Or is the account that he did fight and rout him false and fabricated? Both General Fremont and you speak of Jackson having beaten Shields. By our accounts he did not beat Shields. He had no engagement with Shields. He did meet and drive back with disaster about 2,000 of Shields' advance till they were met by an addi-

