
advise. He thinks he ought to. Does not believe his men will stand.

Many men told Captain Asmussen they would not fight unless re-enforced; it was only murder. Jackson rebuilding bridge at Port Republic and recrossing river. Two thousand cavalry at Harrisonburg and some forces threatening Fremont's front. General Sigel thinks no time should be lost in sending aid, as it is likely, if pushed, Fremont will be compelled to fall back rapidly on to our support. Militia and guerrilla parties on the increase. Captain Asmussen, acting assistant adjutant-general to General Sigel, thinks matters look threatening, but says a deserter reports Jackson's command much disorganized and requiring some days to restore morale. I believe this. I have sent Captain Abert to inspect ford and bridges at Cedar Creek, and have ordered the wire bridge up from Harper's Ferry, and two engines to be kept at this end of the road, to insure speedy movement. Shall I order any engines to be kept at Martinsburg.

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNT JACKSON, June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Would it be possible for you to send to General Kelley one or two regiments of the new levy, with which he might relieve the troops occupying the line of the railroad and concentrating the latter into a movable corps to sustain Lieutenant-Colonel Harris at Buckhannon? The appearance of enemy at Alleghany Summit indicates a disposition to invade Western Virginia, and the levy en masse recently made by the enemy gives him a large available guerrilla force. I regard this as sufficiently important for the earliest action.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 17, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT,

Mount Jackson:

The length of time required to fill up regiments will render it impossible for some time yet to send to General Kelley two regiments. One was given him a few days ago. Some more will be organized in a week or two, and as quickly as possible I will endeavor to comply with your wishes.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 17, 1862.

Ordered, That the military protection and defense of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad east of Cumberland to the city of Baltimore and of the railroad between Harper's Ferry and Winchester is especially assigned to the command of Major General John E. Wool. Officers on the line of that road will report to him.

