
Third. Fort Franklin, in good order, garrisoned by two companies (Fifty-ninth), Major Northedge in command. Armament, six 32-pounders. One hundred and twenty-one men.

Fourth. Fort Alexander, good order, garrisoned by two companies (Fifty-ninth), Captain Moody in command. Armament, seven 32-pounders. One hundred and seventy-four men.

Fifth. Fort Ripley, good order, garrisoned by one company (Fifty-ninth), Captain Gifford in command. Armament, six 32-pounders. Ninety-two men.

These forts have men enough in them to man the guns, and more men could be thrown into them in case of attack; but it would be well to have an experienced officer of artillery in each of them to superintend the drilling of the men and officers. If that be impracticable, then on efficient artillery officer should have the superintendence of all of them, and visit them as often as possible to see that the men are kept up to their drill.

I have no knowledge of the other fortifications nor of any other of the troops, but am of opinion the t with proper attention and vigilance in the drilling of the men at the guns in the various forts, and a well-organized movable column, such as we may have, the defense of the District can be made good in case of an attack until re-enforcements can arrive.

Respectfully submitted.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 18, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Dept, of the Shenandoah, Winchester or Washington City:

All of General Ricketts' division will leave Front Royal to-day. General Shields, who is now at Front Royal, will follow General Ricketts to-morrow. There are some commissary stores and beef cattle more than these troops require at Front Royal. To avoid bringing them over here, where there is plenty, I beg leave to suggest to you to instruct the proper officer in your department to receive them for the use of your command to-day.

Very respectfully,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,June 18, 1862-10.45 p. m.

Major-General SHIELDS, Front Royal:

I send you the following, received from Fredericksburg:

FALMOUTH, June 18.

A Frenchman, a resident of Richmond, arrived here yesterday; he came by way of Gordonsville, and says he saw from 10,000 to 15,000 troops pass there on Sunday on their way to re-enforce Jackson. He estimates the force in and around Richmond at 85,000.

I send cavalry scouts daily up the river and for 6 or 8 miles on the other side. I can hear of no troops within 25 miles of this place.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

