
As Jackson may be re-enforced and moving again down the valley, the general commanding directs that you keep your force posted with a view to such an event. If you should find he is likely to come upon you in superior force, prepare your command to retire by way of the road to this place, sending your train in advance.

Send word to General Crawford to come for such subsistence and cattle as you may not need.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS, Front Royal:

Has any part of your other brigade been left at Front Royal, and by what time will the whole of it have been put on the train for this place?

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Brigadier-General King reports from Fredericksburg that a Frenchman, just arrived there from Richmond by way of Gordonsville, told him at the latter place he met 10,000 or 15,000 men passing through to join Jackson.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

FRONT ROYAL, June 18, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER:

In obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding First Army Corps, I have out reconnoitering parties on the Luray road and Thoroughfare Gap road. Bayard's cavalry took its departure yesterday by the Thoroughfare Gap route, so that this does not need much attention at present. We have kept the Luray route and Chester Gap strongly picketed to the distance of several miles from this point. Scouts returned on the evening of the 16th instant from Sperryville by Luray. They saw no indication of the enemy other than a few guerrillas at Luray, who disappeared at their approach. They bring a report that Ewell was coming down with 40,000 men to act against Jackson [Fremont?] and that jackson had gone to Richmond. I am using all precaution, but place no faith in the rumor.

In obedience to orders, I have communicated the intelligence of my position and information as to the enemy to Major-General Fremont; also to Brigadier-General Crawford. My pioneers are engaged just now to establish a ferry or other means of communication across the Shenandoah.

Major-General Sigel has communicated with me from Middletown, and

