
I requested him to come forward to the opposite side of the river. I have asked General Fremont for his pontoon bridge to cross the whole of his force. I will keep you constantly advised of everything of importance.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 18, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The President desires you would come. Be here if you can conveniently, and without danger to your command, by 9 o'clock to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FRONT ROYAL, June 18, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER:

Two men just arriveds from Furnace, a few mile this side of Conrad's Store. Some of Jackson's scouting parties appeared there on Monday, but fell back immediately.

No troops this side of Conrad's Store.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

FRONT ROYAL, June 18, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

The force the Frenchman alludes to is doubtless Longstreet's. It was in Gordon's Gap when we marched to Luray. I had to keep two brigades there to confront it. It was then called away, as we learned, to succor Jackson, and was to come by way of Stanardsville. Jackson's escape made this unnecessary. Jackson's train was pushed forward to Gordonsville to go to Lynchburg. This information came from deserters, and is reasonably reliable. Jackson will not dare, in my opinion, to entangle himself again here. There are positions on the route between here and Luray where my division can wait and defeat them. My reconnaissance to Luray is 10 miles from it now. No signs of an enemy. They will observe Luray and return. Jackson, in my opinion, has gone to Richmond. He will never risk another raid here. Had we cut his lines at Gordonsville and Charlottesville, as the general commanding desired, he could never have escaped. The alarmists are doing us immense injury. If he comes I can select a position to fight him, and will only retreat by positive orders from the general commanding until I have avenged myself upon him, but he will not dare to come.

Beg the general commanding to calm the alarmists in Washington or we will defeat ourselves without the presence of an enemy. These are opinions which I take the liberty to express, and my information is as good as any that reaches him.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

