
FRONT ROYAL, June 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary:

I have completed two excellent ferries over the Shenandoah three days ago, having raised and repaired a sunken but uninjured boat for the second. The fords are very good, and I have been crossing and recrossing for three days. Between 300 and 400 men can be thrown across at once; two wagons and team accommodated in each boat. I have received no assistance from the force on the south bank of the river.

Respectfully furnished for the information of the Secretary of War.

S. W. CRAWFORD.

(Similar dispatches to Banks and McDowell.)

FRONT ROYAL, June 18, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

Yours just received. Will do as you require. Have had an interview with General Shields, who is here, and will not move for a day or two. Tells me that he has requested General Sigel to join me. This surprises me. He positively states that Jackson has gone south. His scouts go beyond Luray to-day. General Greene has arrived. No clothing yet, though I am not needing much. Three thousand knapsacks have kindly been sent to me from Washington. General Williams comes to-morrow. I telegraphed to the Secretary the condition of the ferries, as they were asking. General Shields pronounces my ferries splendid work.

S. W. CRAWFORD.

FRONT ROYAL, June 18 [1862]-11 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Winchester:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, and will meet you to-morrow at General Crawford's quarters at the hour designated.

Reconnaissances have been pushed as far as Luray to-day. Our cavalry drove in the enemy's pickets at Luray, and report 8,000 5 miles from there and the whole of Jackson's force not far behind. The other went as far as Flint Hill, on the Chester Gap road, and saw nothing.

A negro man came in and just now reports the enemy coming 8,000 strong through the mountains from Culpeper.

Yours, sincerely,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, June 18, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT:

I have just received reports from an officer sent to Front Royal. Shields is at Front Royal. He wishes me to relieve him, as he is ordered to Manassas Junction to join McDowell.

