
General Shields has no correct knowledge about the enemy's movements. He will inform me to-night.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 18, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore:

Mulligan, with the Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers and battery attached, is on the road this side of Grafton for Annapolis. You will halt them at Harper's Ferry, to remain there or as Baltimore, until further orders, at your discretion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 18, 1862.

Ordered, That the forces in and around Washington be organized into an army corps, to be commanded by Brigadier-General Sturgis.

The fortifications on the south side of the river and the forces therein remaining in command of General Whipple; those ont he north side of the river in command of ---.

There shall be reserved, under exclusive command of Brigadier-General Wadsworth, such military force as may be required or incident to his command as military governor of Alexandria and the District of Columbia.

All troops arriving at Washington will report to General Wadsworth, and be under his command until assigned to the Reserve Corps.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RESERVE ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 1. Washington, June 18, 1862.

I. Pursuant to instructions from the War Department, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all the forces in and about the city of Washington, except such as may be required by Brigadier-General Wadsworth for purposes set forth in instructions referred to.

II. Such of these troops as are north of the Potomac will hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's warning.

III. Until further orders general headquarters will remain, as at present, corner of Nineteenth and I streets.

[S. D. STURGIS,]

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE,Numbers 138. Washington, June 18, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General G. S. Greene, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Department of the Shenandoah, and will report in person at this office.

