
across to relieve us. The river here is impassable. I have tried the ferries; they are worth nothing, so that i am as much isolated here as at Luray. I would respectfully ask what the general commanding wishes me to do-wait for Banks and Fremont to take position or commence movement at once, and, if I move, whether by the Manassas or Chester Gap route.

I am here in the office and ready to answer any questions.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

MANASSAS, June 19, 1862-8.45 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Last night Ricketts' brigade arrived here from Front Royal. Shields' division will follow as soon as he gets ready. He reports all quiet in his neighborhood, as do Geary, at Rectortown, and King, at Falmouth. I regret to report that, on account of an accident which disables him temporarily, General McDowell cannot be in Washington at 9 o'clock this morning, as desired by you. Arrangements are now being made for the transportation of Shields' division.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Manassas, June 19, 1862-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General GEARY, Rectortown:

General Shields' division has been ordered to this place. General McDowell therefore directs that you make reconnaissances well to the south in order to discover any chances of his being attacked by the enemy on his way here. You will communicate to him promptly everything that would be useful for him to know.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

FRONT ROYAL, VA. [June 19, 1862].

Major-General McDOWELL,

Commanding First Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: Our troops I find are like the Swiss troops (I speak of volunteer troops); if not [allowed] to go home and see their families they droop and die. I have watched this. It is a human feeling, and I venture to respect it. The men who are denied this permission cease to be of any use.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

P. S.-There is no trace of the enemy within 50 miles of this.

