
WINCHESTER, June 19, 1862-8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The enemy's pickets were 2 miles this side of Luray last night; his main force near there. Our forces are on this side of the Shenandoah, between Strasburg and Front Royal, in strong position. Shields is reported still at Front Royal. He ought not to move until the purpose and plan of the enemy are more fully developed. There can be no doubt whatever that another immediate movement down the valley is intended with a force of 30,000 or more. General Fremont will be at Woodstock to-night.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MIDDLETOWN, VA., June 19, 1962-9 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I inspected our lines to-day. General Banks' division opposite Front Royal, and my division opposite Strasburg, behind Cedar Creek. General Fremont's troops will encamp at Woodstock. General Shields is at Front Royal. The enemy's pickets were 2 miles this side of Luray last night. Our lines will be perfectly established and in good condition to-morrow. Two prisoners were just brought before me-R. H. Wade and H. D. Didier. Was produced a certificate from the British consul at Richmond, and brought Didier with him from Richmond to Staunton, from which place they made their way through the mountains on horseback. Wade says Jackson received two re-enforcements, 3,000 men, on the 9th, who left the cars at Mechum's River, east of Charlottesville, and marched to Brown's Gap, southeast of Port Republic. On Saturday and Sunday last these two men were at Staunton. During the two days about 12,000 troops arrived from Richmond, via Lynchburg and Charlottesville. On Saturday trains with soldiers arrived, and on Sunday five trains. The troops consisted of infantry, cavalry, and bout twenty pieces of artillery. These troops were marched off on Sunday and Monday in the direction of Harrisonburg. They were a part of the forces at Richmond, where Wade says there were 120,000 troops, under the command of General Lee, as General Johnson was wounded in the shoulder. Provisions are plenty at Richmond, but the whole city is filled with sick and wounded.

Didier says, "I left Savannah on 1st of June. There were 20,000 troops under General Lawton at Savannah, including those in camp of instruction."

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

(Sent to McDowell June 20.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 19, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, Middletown, Va.:

Your telegram is received. It is strongly suspected here that your prisoners have been sent by the enemy to be taken for the purpose of exaggerating the force of Jackson and producing a stampede. You will please place them under strict and secure guard, and send them to Washington and deliver them to General Wadsworth.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

