
CHAPMANVILLE, VA., June 19, 1862.

Lieutenant P. B. STANBERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, Va.:

SIR: I have ordered Company H (Captain Brunker) to report forthwith to Major Hall at Camp Piatt. He leaves here this morning.

Captain Dayton arrived yesterday from the southern part of this (Logan) county and reports all quiet.

There has been considerable excitement there, resulting from reports that a rebel force was making their way in there. He found the people nearly all loyal and at home. At one time had upward of 100 Union citizens of that section with him, and mostly armed. They expressed a willingness, in fact are anxious, to turn out against the rebels, but they want confidence in themselves. With 20 regular volunteers they would go almost anywhere, but would not go by themselves. The captain learned that a man named Harman was at the heard of about 100 men, near McDowell Court-House, persecuting Union citizens, and in some instances killing them and burning or otherwise destroying their property. A man named Lambert has just come into camp from McDowell County, and his report is the same as Captain Dayton's. There are several other citizens of that county here, who have been forced to leave their homes by Harman. One of them is the sheriff of the county. Although they did not come together they all bring the same report. Harman has been in that county for some time, but usually stays in the southern part of the county. The loyal citizens have all been forced to leave their homes, and Harman is issuing proclamations to them to induce them to return and give themselves up. Inclosed I send a copy of one sent to Philip Lambert, the father of the man who is now in camp. Mr. Lambert handed the original to me, which I now have in my possession. I have ordered Lieutenant Mallernee to proceed to McDowell Court-House with Company D and drive the thieves from the county. I have ordered him to get as many of the citizens as possible to join him, as they are well acquainted with the country and are willing and anxious to go. He will probably be joined by at least 50 men before he reaches McDowell County. I have instructed him that if it is true that Harman has destroyed Union property the property of secessionists must suffer in a like manner, and to arrest all those who have assisted, harbored, or fed Harman and his thieving crew. He is to take hard bread and coffee sufficient to last his command eight or nine days, and to get his meat on the route, in all cases taking it from secessionists, where it can be found.

There are a number of stolen horses in that section which I have instructed him to bring out if he can find them. If Harman could be driven out of McDowell County that whole section would be quiet.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. H. RUSSELL,

Lieutenant Colonel 4th Regiment Va. Vol. Inf., U. S. A., Commanding Det'm't and Post.

[Inclosure.]

AT PHILIP LAMBERT'S, June 13, 1862.

Mr. LAMBERT:

I was here at your house and had a chat with your wife, and I want you to come in and your boys, and you shan't be hurt. If the boys wish to join the company they will have the same chance that other soldiers, and you may go to work. When you come, come without

