
already taken measures to prevent the practice. I will leave in the morning for Harper's Ferry; perhaps go as far as Winchester. Major-General Banks called on me on his return to his command from Washington. I urged concentration and co-operation of forces. I have sent to Harper's Ferry from Baltimore two regiments and two artillery companies-the latter for heavy guns. I will probably to-morrow have an account of the regiments which have joined Jackson recently.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 21, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL, Manassas:

General Banks has urgently and repeatedly requested that Shields should remain a short time at Front Royal. In a note to me this morning the President says: "Tell General McDowell what Banks says. Tell him we incline to have Shields remain a few days at Front Royal, and ask him to states his strongest objection, if he has any." You will please answer immediately, and also tell us how you are.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MANASSAS, June 21, 1862-8 a. m.

Colonel HAUPT,

Aide-de-Camp, Alexandria:

Your telegram came last night, after I had retired. General McDowell is very much improved, having sat up most of yesterday.

Yesterday I received the following from General Shields at Front Royal, dated 20th, 6 p. m.:

Upon inquiry of the superintendent I find it impossible to remove the rear of my command from this place in less than three days, and taking the delay of the road into consideration I concluded to put the whole column in motion to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock by Manassas Gap route, sending baggage, foot-sore, and sick by rail this evening.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, June 21, 1862.

Major-General SHIELDS, Rectortown (through General Geary, who will see to the delivery of this):

Your division is to encamp at Bristoe, whither that part which arrived by train has been sent. Therefore it is suggested, on your arrival at Gainesville, that you direct the march on Bristoe, and thus save some miles.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, June 21, 1862-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram concerning General Banks' request that Shields' division should be allowed to remain a few days longer at Front Royal is just received.

