HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,

Near Front Royal, Va., June 21, 1862.

General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I have just heard from Major Town. His dispatch was received at 9.40 p. m., and is, I think, of sufficient importance to send to you verbatim:

NEAR MILFORD, June 21, 1862-7 p. m.

General CRAWFORD:

I would respectfully report that Captain Marshall, of the rebel cavalry, left the Manor Line this morning with his company, numbering from 50 to 60, to attempt a raid upon some point on the railroad between this and Thoroughfare Gap. It is reported that the main body of Jackson's army is about to cross the mountain near Sperryville. I shall approach Luray as near as possible.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. TOWN,

Major, Commanding Detachment First Michigan Cavalry.

By "Manor" is probably meant Leed's Manor, south of Rectortown. Thoroughfare Gap is in the Bull Run Range of mountains, where the railroad passes through it. It is certainly possible that such a raid may be contemplated, but it is strange that Major town should hear of it in the other valley.

As to Jackson crossing Thornton's Gap to Sperryville, if he does it is to go south. From Paldi's report, which I inclose to you, it would appear that Ewell still gets the credit of being about Luray. Town will solve that matter to-morrow.

The cars came in to-night with a load of iron wagon-beds, which a generous Government has sent us to cross the Shenandoah. It is more than a problem to know what we shall do with them. I intend to hold on to the train dispatcher, if it takes a sentinel to devote his exclusive attention to him.

Paldi's cavalry all need shoeing and rest.

Town will not reach Luray until to-morrow, so that we are all right on that road.

Hurry up Hatch. We want his cavalry very much.

I am sorry to disturb you so late at night.

Very truly, yours,

S. W. CRAWFORD.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Near Front Royal, June 21, 1862.

Lieutenant BLAKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade:

SIR: In accordance to orders from headquarters First Brigade I beg leave to report as follows:

I crossed at Morgan's Ford at 6 o'clock a. m. 20th instant, and proceeded to Springfield Station, and from thence to Orleans, to the great surprise of the inhabitants. Orleans is a small place of thirty houses, the male inhabitants having left home to join the Confederate Army. At 3 p. m. I left Orleans for Barbee's Cross-Roads; from there to

