
WOODSTOCK, April 4, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe:

No material change in position of enemy. Is near Mount Jackson with heavy guns, and report says re-enforced by a brigade of 3,000. We were 60 miles in advance of our supplies, owing to the failure of the railway. It is now working, and our supplies rapidly coming. At the earliest possible moment the directions of the commanding general will be followed. A half was necessary, as we had not a day's rations. Our troops occupy Edenburg.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEMINARY, April 4, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The fifth regiment of my six which were to go has just started, filling up all transportation available for to-day. I have instructed General Slocum to relieve General Sumner's men wherever he finds them.

It is now 4.40 p.m. No chance for any more cars until midnight. Please have orders given for the transportation of 8,000 infantry to-morrow morning as soon as practicable. I have set 8 o'clock for the hour of starting.

General Slocum will relieve General Sumner, if you think proper. If possible it is advisable to have a man to whom I can refer for some information about the trains. They were more than an hour late and at the wrong place, though the men were punctual and at the right place-that is, opposite General Sumner's old headquarters. I go to-morrow morning, and my baggage has gone to-night; but there is no safety, I find, in depending upon the transportation without personal looking after.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, April 4, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Wheeling:

Colonel Scammon, commanding brigade at Fayette, is very urgent to be permitted to advance to Princeton, saying that the point can easily be taken and held now, and that it will prevent the enemy's recruiting and drafting in that neighborhood, &amp;c. I am of his opinion. If you permit the movement I will move forward portions of my division so as to keep supports at Fayette and Raleigh and keep things snug and well in hand in that vicinity. The report of a thousand of the enemy at Flat Top dwindled to a moderate detachment from Princeton, as I suspected. All reports from the front confirm the report before sent you. I will forward by next mail a full report of the condition and state of preparation of the forces in my command.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Kanawha.

