
RECTORTOWN, June 22, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER:

I observe by the orders of Colonel Haupt and Mr. Devereux that all the transportation, railroad property, and employes upon the Manassas Gap Railroad are being taken east to Thoroughfare Gap, in order, as is therein alleged, to prevent their falling into rebel hands. My troops are sill extended to the river, a distance of some 22 miles west, and their telegraph and railroad communications are thus cut off.

Messrs. Glasscott and Irish, dispatchers, inform me that Ewell's advance was reported within 10 miles from Front Royal. This morning a deserter direct from Richmond arrived within my lines; states that Jackson is in the valley re-enforced. He states that Beauregard was at Richmond and a few days ago had left there.

There are in depot in this place considerable quantities of commissary and quartermaster's stores and ammunition. Should I be compelled to retire from this point by overwhelming numbers these stores must inevitably be lost, as I have not wagons to transport them.

A locomotive and train of cars should be left here to secure them in any occasion of urgency. I will telegraph Mr. Devereux to that effect.

I am further informed that the troops on the opposite side of the river are falling back in the direction of Middletown. The peculiarities of this road in the western section render the concentration of my command an arduous undertaking and require much time. If meeting the approbation of General McDowell I will concentrate the three companies west of Linden at that place.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.

SALEM, June 22, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER:

Your dispatch of yesterday, directing me to encamp at Bristoe, is received. I will march to Gainesville, thence to Bristoe, in obedience to your order. Please direct the cavalry, which I sent through Chester Gap by way of Warrenton to Manassas, upon their arrival at that place to join at Bristoe.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, June 22, 1862.

The COMMANDING OFFICER, Catlett's:

Major-General McDowell directs that all the men belonging to Shields' division who are now at Catlett's be sent to the encampment on the east side of Broad Run, near Bristoe Station, on the railroad, where the advance of Shields' division now is. A copy of this order is to accompany the detachment.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, June 22, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Middletown, Va.:

I have directed General Geary, since General Shilds' division has left Front Royal, to report to you. I have received your telegram

