
has allowed his command to straggle. It is perhaps officious in my doing so, yet I venture to repeat that the line of communication hence to Front Royal is liable to constant disturbance if a point is not held in the valley near Luray.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 22, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL, Manassas:

The following dispatch has been received from General Banks:

MIDDLETOWN, VA., June 22, 1862-1.45 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received 1.15 p. m. Major Town, First Michigan Cavalry, whose advance toward Luray I mentioned in my dispatch last night, reports that Union people represented on his route that the enemy was in force near Luray. It was fully believed that Jackson was moving toward Manassas Gap Railroad, lightly equipped, to intercept General Shields. Ewell was also said to be at Luray. A majority of the people would not say anything of the position of the enemy. We are looking well to the west, in which direction the enemy threatens a movement. Will keep constantly advised. Have telegraphed General McDowell as above.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Last evening I was informed that the whole force of Shields, all the transportation, and the telegraph office, were removed precipitately from Front Royal, leaving about fifty miles of telegraph wire to be taken by the enemy. I think some effort should be made to secure it. If you have any information affecting General Banks' security you will, of course, inform him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 22, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Middletown:

I am very glad you are looking well to the west for a movement of the enemy in that direction. You know my anxiety on that point. All was quiet at General McClellan's headquarters at 2 o'clock to-day.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 22, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Middletown:

Your telegram to me has been forwarded to General McDowell. From what I learn of Shields' command, it is doubtful whether, until reorganized, it would not embarrass more than it would assist you. Frequent reports from you are desired.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

