
It is reported by persons considered reliable that Jackson will in a short time attack Banks and his forces. Banks reports his position to be at Middletown. General Sigel, whom I saw to-day at Harper's Ferry (he having met me there at my request), informed me that General Fremont was 5 miles from Banks' command. Sigel also stated that it was reported that Jackson had from 40,000 to 60,000 men and seventy pieces of artillery. This number I consider probably exaggerated.

The forces under Banks and Fremont amount to about 18,000 effective men, exclusive of Shields' command, ordered by you to march. I saw at Martinsburg some twenty guns of small caliber, intended for Fremont. This battery I ordered forward at once, and it will probably reach General Fremont's camp some time to-morrow. I also saw several Parrott guns on the cars this afternoon, which left for Winchester.

If Jackson has the number of troops reported, I think we ought to be looking after Washington. I profess not to be an alarmist, but I think we ought to be at least on our guard; and from the rumors of the day my convictions are strengthened, as heretofore expressed, that there should be a reserve corps of 50,000 men placed between here and Washington without delay.

JOHN E. WOOS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, June 22, 1862-7 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is reported to me through the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, derived by them from General Kelley, that 4,000 of the enemy are within 35 miles of New Creek, where we have a large amount of property, a thousand car loads, besides 2,000 mules. I have ordered Colonel Mulligan, with his regiment and light battery, to that place; also the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania from this place, to protect the property if possible.

To do this you perceive I am compelled to reduce the force at Harper's Ferry and at this city, which I would not do but from necessity to save public property.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, June 22, 1862-5.45 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington D. C.:

I have just received the following dispatch from our agent at Cumberland:

CUMBERLAND, June 22, 1862.

General Kelley has information of the enemy, with General Ewell, moving toward Moorefield and Petersburg with 4,000. The forces in this valley are too weak to oppose that number. General Kelley is much depressed for the situation of the road under these circumstances, and wishes you to communicate to the War Department, and, if possible, have a battery of six or ten guns, fully equipped and manned, sent to New Creek as soon as possible.

L. C. BOEHM.

