
The exposed condition of the immense supplies at New Creek we have apprehended would invite attack. I observe large quantities of stores are still being shipped from Wheeling and Parkersburg. May I suggest that orders be given that until the position becomes more assured further shipments be deferred to that point? Our agent at Wheeling advises that the Second Chicago Regiment, for which we have prepared, will probably have route changed to Pittsburgh, and then east by Pennsylvania Railroad. Can it not be got via Wheeling more quickly to the point of danger than other forces? By immediate and most vigorous movement New Creek may yet be saved, as your line is yet clear, and re-enforcements can be sent rapidly either from the east or west. I shall communicate at once with Major-General Wool.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Strasburg, June 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland, Md.:

Order concerning Eighty-fourth Regiment rescinded. You will retain the regiment until further notice for service in the valley. For the present it seems best that it should be stationed at Romney. You will also direct the commanders at Petersburg and Moorefield to be extremely vigilant, and, if threatened by a superior force, to fall back upon that regiment. If the four guns already ordered have been sent to Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, Major Constable will be ordered to send to you a battery of 3-inch guns just received at Wheeling.

Latest information says that Ewell with 4,000 men is marching by Brock's Gap upon Moorefield, and that Imboden with a guerrilla force of 800 marched on the 17th for McDowell and Beverly. These reports are most probably exaggerations, but it would be well to guard against the chance of their being true. Captain Hollister, of Company E, Second Virginia, with detachments under his command, is ordered to report here via Winchester.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21.] FLAT TOP, June 22, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Headquarters in the Field, Mountain Department:

The rebels still occupy the defiles in force. Wharton's brigade at Rocky Gap and part of Heth's force at Narrows. A Union prisoner, released at Richmond, reported yesterday. The train on which he came to Newbern brought a regiment to re-enforce the enemy in front, and, as he was informed, some artillery. Colonel Crook moved yesterday toward Union to feel of the rebels' right wing. His dispatch, stating the fact, did not reach me till last night, or I should have tried a movement to co-operate with him. He neglected my directions in this respect, but may have had sudden intelligence which made it proper.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

