
Infantry stationed at Baltimore, Harper's Ferry, Martinsburg, New Creek, Annapolis, and Eastern Shore of Virginia, as per returns, 7,969; cavalry, 2,248; artillery, 634. Total, 10,851. Of the infantry, two regiments from Maryland will not leave the State. They number 834, and call themselves Home Guards. Of the cavalry, only 65 are mounted. The residue are not mounted, 2,183. It will therefore be perceived that we have only 7,834 effective troops-a very small force to guard a line extending from the Eastern Shore of Virginia to Annapolis, Baltimore, Harper's Ferry, Martinsburg, New Creek, and Winchester, and several other points.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

MIDDLETOWN, VA., June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

I herewith submit the effective strength of this division: Infantry, 4,498 men; cavalry, 548 men; artillery, 454 men. Aggregate, 5,500 men. Twenty-one guns.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, June 24, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

We had a tremendous storm last night. The rain fell in torrents for several hours, producing a great rise in the river. The railroad bridge is almost entirely swept away and carried with it the canal-boat bridge. Most of the material of the latter will be recovered. The pontoon bridge was swung around and secured to the north bank, and will be replaced as soon as the river subsides. The river is already 15 feet, and still increasing. The block-house built for protection of canal-boat bridge has been carried off by the fresher. The bridges across the Potomac and Accokkek Creeks are safe as yet. The Harris Cavalry will be here to-day, and the Michigan cavalry will leave on their arrival.

A deserter from Jackson's army came in last night. He left eight or nine days ago, and says Jackson has there 40,000 men and has since been re-enforced.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

FALMOUTH, June 24, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

The Harris Cavalry [Second New York], Patrick's brigade, and the two batteries of artillery have arrived here.

The Michigan cavalry will march for Catlett's at 5 a. m. to-morrow.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

