
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 4, 1862.

Ordered, 1st. That portion of Virginia and Maryland lying between the Mountain Department and the Blue Ridge shall constitute a military department of the Shenandoah, and be under the command of Major-General Banks.

2nd. That portion of Virginia east of the Blue Ridge and west of the Potomac and the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, including the District of Columbia and the country between the Potomac and Patuxent, shall be a military district to be called the Department of the Rappahannock, and be under the command of Major-General McDowell.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 7. April 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General King will move with his division, via Fairfax Court-House, Centreville, and Manassas Junction, to Bristoe, and will commence the march this afternoon in season to reach some convenient place beyond Annandale to-night. He will take three days' rations, all the beef cattle on hand, and forage sufficient for the march. Subsistence and forage will be found at Bristoe.

The general will move with his division baggage in rear of the troops, except a rear guard, which will follow this train. He will see that there is no straggling, and that the march is conducted in the most orderly, soldier-like manner.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 5, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Strasburg:

There was no error by you. Intelligence was received here that the railroad bridge was in danger from a rebel force in the neighborhood, and my inquiry was made to ascertain the position of the forces. The cavalry were ordered back to secure the position. A new department has been created-the Shenandoah-under your command. I desire a consultation with you and General McDowell whenever you can safely leave your command. Please report the position of your command immediately and when you can be here.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WOODSTOCK, April 5, 1862-7 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of this morning duly received. I am very much gratified with the order making the Shenandoah Valley a new department.

