
BRISTOE STATION, June 24, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, First Army Corps, Manassas:

COLONEL: Two of our brigades are here. The other two are on the Gainesville side of Broad Run, the rain of yesterday having made that stream impassable. We expect them to be able to cross this afternoon. Our supplies are running low, as we had to march light over such roads.

The commissary of the First Brigade goes to Manassas for supplies. I hope supplies will be forwarded to us by rail, as our horses and men are worn-out.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

MIDDLETOWN, June 24, 1862-8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

No movement of the enemy has occurred to-day to indicate a change of position or increase of strength. His pickets are strong in advance at Luray. The people decline to give any information of his whereabouts. Our own troops are improving in spirit, and are being fully equipped. Their position is very strong, being within the line formed by Cedar Creek on the west, the North Folk of the Shenandoah on the south, and the Shenandoah on the east. We can defend against any force the enemy can bring, if no other movement is made. Nothing heard from the west.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Meadow Bluff, June 25, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Flat Top:

CAPTAIN: Having positive information that General Heth, with some 2,500 men, was stationed at Salt Sulphur Springs, stripping that country of all forage, provisions, and stock, also impressing in his ranks all persons able to bear arms, thereby preventing farmers from attending to their crops, I left this place on the 22nd instant with 1,600 infantry, 150 cavalry, and battery of artillery for the purpose of attacking him or driving him out of that country.

The first day I marched 2 miles beyond Alderson's Ferry, capturing 5 prisoners. The next morning I started to Salt Sulphur via Centreville, sending part of my cavalry via Union to make a feint from that direction. Near Centreville I found some of their cavalry pickets, capturing one of them. On my arrival at Salt Sulphur I learned that the enemy had fled in great confusion on their first hearing of our approach in the direction of Newport across Peter's Mountain, from all accounts in a perfectly demoralized condition, leaving some commissary and quartermaster's stores and some 200 head of beef cattle behind them. Finding it useless to follow them, I returned here to-day.

