
Although the enemy fled without giving us battle, I regard the expedition as having a very important effect of not only demoralizing their force, keeping hundreds out of their ranks, and allowing the farmers to attend to their crops, but in case of a movement on the Narrows our left flank will be entirely free.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MANASSAS, June 25, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I have just returned from Bristoe. It seems that General Shields had not ordered his division out for inspection to-day. I found Brigadier-General Ferry, temporarily in command of the division, had ordered the three brigades on the south side of Broad Run to cross over to this side, and this movement was being executed when I arrived. General Ferry said it would be late when the brigades would get over, and the whole day would be required to arrange the new encampment. I then ordered the inspection to-morrow morning. General Ferry informed me that he supposed the effective strength of the division to be not over 5,000 men. That the men were broken down, and it would take at least two weeks to recuperate them or bring them into a state fit to take the field. The reason I postponed the inspection yesterday was that General Shields reported Broad Run not fordable.

H. VAN RENSSELAER,

Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,June 25, 1862.

General VAN RENSSELAER, Manassas:

General McDowell directs me to inform you in reply to your telegram about the inspection of Shields' division that it should proceed at once, the object being to ascertain its condition and not to see how good it is.

ED. SCHRIVER.
HEADQUARTERS,Middletown, June 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing has occurred to-day. Yesterday our cavalry had a sharp skirmish with the rebels on the roads toward Luray, which are heavily picketed by them. No indication of immediate movements on the part of the enemy are reported to-day. Rumors of an intended invasion of the valley from the west-crossing the mountains from Woodstock and coming down the Cacapon Valley upon Winchester by the way of Pughtown. Though these reports come from respectable sources, nothing has yet occurred to verify them, so far as we can ascertain. Our cavalry is kept well to the front.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

