
WAR DEPARTMENT, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING, Falmouth:

Please ascertain and inform me immediately how long it took to transport McCall's division to where they disembarked, counting from the time of the first arrival of the transports; and answer, of possible, the following specific questions: 1. On what day did McCall commence embarking his force for Richmond? 2. On what day did the last of his force leave Fredericksburg or Falmouth? 3. Where was his force lauded? 4. When did the first troops of McCall reach that place? 5. When did the last troops reach that place? 6. What transports are now in the Rappahannock and where? 7. What is the state of the river and the means of crossing? 8. Were any other bridges on the road to Richmond swept away besides those at Fredericksburg? 9. What is the condition of the bridges between Fredericksburg and Aquia? Immediate attention and full and exact answer is requested.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 25, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

Please state the exact position of your force at this time; the numbers at each point; whether it is in marching condition, and, if not, what is wanted, and how soon it can be put in marching condition. An immediate answer is requested, and state the hour at which this is received and your answer sent.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Major-General Fremont.)
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION,Opposite Fredericksburg, June 26, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I send herewith as full and exact answers to the questions contained in your dispatch as it is in my power to give:

First. McCall's division commenced embarking on the 9th June.

Second. The division has not all left yet. A squadron of cavalry, quartermaster's and commissary stores still remaining. They expect to get away to-morrow.

Third, fourth, and fifth. I don't know where McCall's force was landed nor when but understand that they went to White House; the cavalry still here are under orders for that point.

Sixth. There are two or three transports in the Rappahannock River 6 miles below Fredericksburg. More expected to-day.

Seventh. The river has fallen to nearly its usual level. Our means of crossing at present are the pontoon bridge, a few row-boats, and the steam ferry-boat. The canal-boat bridge will be replaced in two days; the railroad bridge in a week or ten days.

Eighth. No other bridges than those at Fredericksburg were swept away, so far as I can learn. Our information on this point, however, is not definite.

