
Ninth. The bridges between Fredericksburg and Aquia are in good order. Should I obtain any further information bearing on your questions I will telegraph immediately.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING, Falmouth:

How far beyond Fredericksburg toward Richmond have the bridges been replaced and to what distance is the road unbroken? Give me the number of McCall's cavalry, and also of any other force still at Falmouth. State also the number and description of transports engaged removing McCall.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION,Opposite Fredericksburg, June 26, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I reply as far as possible to your last dispatch:

First. The track and bridges are in good condition for 8 miles beyond Fredericksburg. For the next mile the track has been torn up, but can be repaired in twenty-four hours. Thence to the North Anna River, 31 miles from Fredericksburg, the railroad communication is uninterrupted. The bridge across the North Anna, 400 feet long and 25 feet high, of trestle-work, has been burned. Beyond that point we have no information.

Second. McCall, I understand, had 1,000 cavalry, about 200 of whom are still here. There is no other force here except my division, the Seventy-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, Battery B, Second Battalion New York Artillery, Doubleday's brigade, and Captain Mayer's battery of mountain howitzers.

Third. I have not yet succeeded in learning what number and description of transports were engaged in moving McCall. When my division moved from here toward Front Royal General McCall was left in command, and he had moved before I returned. I will transmit the information the moment I can obtain it.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Washington, D. C., June 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I take the liberty to say that the readiest way of getting the forces now under my command in the Department of the Rappahannock to join General McClellan before Richmond is to march those now at Manassas (a three days' march) to Fredericksburg, there to join

28 R R-VOL XII, PT III

