
should be taken and 250 rounds to the gun for artillery. All the subsistence stores possible should be carried, omitting all articles of the ration except hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt. Accumulate a large herd of beef cattle to be driven. Your arrangements should be made so that you can concentrate your corps as soon as possible at Front Royal.

I cannot hear from Fremont, who has been superseded by King or Sigel. The two army corps will be united near Front Royal. Please inform me as soon as you can of the character and condition of the road from that place to Stanardsville. What do you hear of Jackson or Ewell? They are sure here that both are at Richmond and that no considerable force remains in the valley. I will be obliged to you for any views or suggestions you entertain. Please communicate them to me frankly and freely, as I have great confidence in your judgment.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

MIDDLETOWN, June 28, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major-General POPE, and

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch was received at 2 p. m. Have been at camp. Orders were given in consonance with its suggestions, and preparations for marching made as rapidly as possible. The roads are very good from Front Royal to Stanardsville. They will answer well at this season of the year. It is almost impossible to obtain positive information of the enemy. I am quite confident he is not in force within 30 miles of us. It is by no means certain that he is in the upper part of the valley, but I believe he is preparing for an attack here. All the people regard it certain. Yesterday I ordered reconnaissance in force to Luray, with instructions to avoid engagements, but to capture citizens, travelers, fugitives, &amp;c., with a view to gain intelligence. If my plan has been carried out I shall have positive information to-morrow. Williams' division is in moving condition. General Sigel requires more assistance. A march to Stanardsville must be made with expectation of attack. Innumerable rumors as to invasion of West Virginia, but our scouts in every direction west fail to find the enemy. Will communicate to-morrow. Reports from Gordonsville to-night. No enemy found.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

FREMONT'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 28, 1862-11.40 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Major-General Fremont has this day turned over to me, as next in rank, the command of the forces of the Mountain Department, constituting the First Army Corps of the Army of Virginia. He directs me to report to the War Department for further orders, which I have the honor now to do. What will be the relations of this army corps to the other forces in the Mountain Department and to the command generally of that department?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

