
WASHINGTON CITY, D. C.,

June 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHENCK, Headquarters:

Your dispatch, date 11.40 a. m., to the Secretary of War, received. The army corps to the command of which you have succeeded comprises the force under the immediate command of General Fremont when he was relieved. Cox's command will for the present act separately. Kelley's forces have been turned over temporarily to General Wool, who has charge of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Please inform me how Cox can be reached and what is the latest news from him. You are no doubt aware that the Mountain Department, as well as those of the Shenandoah and Rappahannock, have been abolished and the forces consolidated into the Army of Virginia. I desire you will hurry forward preparations to move. Let me know at once the condition of your command, the quantity of all kinds of ammunition and supplies on hand, the number of wagons to a regiment and to the supply trains, and all other necessary information. I wish you to be ready to march at a moment's notice. Bring all the supplies you can possibly carry, omitting every article of the ration except coffee, sugar, salt, and hard bread. Accumulate beef cattle-a considerable herd.

Let me know as soon as possible what you hear of the enemy in the valley. Do you think any considerable force is left there? It seems certain that Jackson and Ewell are at Richmond. Give me your views. Expedition is everything, and you may expect orders to march at any hour. Telegraph me fully on receipt of this. Send Colonel J. W. Turner to me at once.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

MIDDLETOWN, VA.,

June 28, 1862-6.45 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

General Cox, I understand, when last heard from, was on Flat Top Mountain. Colonel Tracy, assistant adjutant-general of General Fremont, informs me that the correspondence with General Cox was by General Fremont's direction, and by telegraph; that General Fremont has taken away the telegrams, and there is no information here on file. The only other thing I can learn is that General Fremont a few days ago told Captain Piatt, my assistant adjutant-general, that Cox was on the mountains, with 8,000 or 9,000 men and 14,000 of the enemy opposed to him. I can hear of no such officer as Colonel F. W. Turner who is here or has been here.

I do not find on my accession to the command that things are in a good condition in this corps for immediate movement, but I will labor and hurry to prepare as speedily as possible. Captain Goulding, assistant quartermaster, has gone to you with a full statement of our transportation. I will send you to-night a further report, which I am getting in, as to ammunition. Captain Mallory, commissary, reports on hand 244,000 rations hard bread, 60,000 beans, 60,000 rice, 80,000 coffee, 60,000 sugar, 175,000 salt, 20,000 mixed vegetables, 30,000 desiccated potatoes, 20,000 candles, and also 300 beef cattle, besides some more which have been issued to brigades. The medical director, Dr. Suckley, is away on sick leave, and hospital and medical attendance deficient. Some sick are yet at Strasburg I find, where Milroy's bri-

