
gade remains, but I am getting sick all up here this evening. Hospitals are here and at Winchester. Where shall the sick and wounded be sent if we leave this valley? The operator has made your dispatch ambiguous as to rations. What are the rations of which you say we should carry most?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Army Corps.

MIDDLETOWN, VA., June 28, 1862-6.45 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

Yesterday a strong reconnaissance by cavalry and infantry from Milroy's brigade was made as far as Woodstock. A few of the enemy were seen, who evacuated the town on approach of our troops, and General Milroy reported no strong body of rebels near on the road south of us; but an escaped prisoner to-day brings intelligence that 20,000 of the enemy are certainly 4 miles south of Woodstock, where he escaped from them Thursday. I do not credit it, but have sent out a strong cavalry patrol to-night to ascertain what truth there is in the statement.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Flat Top, June 28, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Third Brigade, Meadow Bluff:

SIR: The following report of numbers and positions of enemy's troops in this vicinity is the most reliable I have been able to obtain, and I present it to you for your information, and also that you may give any changes of the report which your examinations may enable you to make.

Heth's force at Salt Sulphur was said to consist of the Twenty-second and Forty-fifth Virginia Regiments, Edgar Battalion, two or three companies Eighth Virginia Cavalry, and two batteries of three guns each.

At the Narrows, the Thirty-sixth Virginia and four pieces of artillery.

At Camp Wabash, 5 miles south of Giles Court-House, Wharton's and Houndshell's regiments, the numbers of the regiments not known, they being commonly spoken of by their commanders' names.

At Rocky Gap, the Fiftieth Virginia; some artillery being also reported both at this place and Camp Wabash; also some cavalry.

At Wytheville, General Floyd was reported to be with 1,000 to 1,200 [new] troops-conscripts.

Between Rocky Gap and the East River Cross-Roads a considerable portion of Humphrey Marshall's force was reported to be, Marshall himself being supposed to have been ordered into East Tennessee with part of his former command. This report in regard to [Marshall], except his having gone toward Tennessee, I place no reliance on. The remainder of the report seems well authenticated.

The singular interruption of communication between my headquarters and department headquarters leaves me in doubt as to the present policy of the commandant of the department in regard to the Tennes-

