
valley. It is my purpose to concentrate the First and Second Army Corps in front of Front Royal, and your arrangements must be made accordingly.

Assemble a large herd of beef cattle for your command.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MIDDLETOWN, VA.,

June 30, 1862-10.30 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE:

General Crawford states that he entered Luray this morning after a march of 5 mile; met and drove in the enemy's pickets, capturing one. The enemy retreated from the town. The prisoner says four companies of cavalry were in the town. Four companies of cavalry are in hot pursuit, with a view to capture the train. Part of Jackson's force is at Gordonsville, the balance farther south. One thousand five hundred of Ashby's cavalry are at Harrisonburg.

Dispatch dated Luray, 8.45 a. m. Later dispatch says infantry is well up.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Corps.

MIDDLETOWN, VA.,

June 30, 1862-1.10 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE:

I assumed command this morning, and am now with General Schenck, to get all information necessary in regard to our troops and the enemy.

Moorefield, according to different reports, is taken, and the enemy burned the covered bridge 8 miles west of Wardensville to prevent our troops reaching Moorefield from here. All the valley is full of small guerrilla bands. It is difficult to get spies through. I will send a strong detachment in the direction of Wardensville and Moorefield, but it would be too late for me to stop the enemy in front on his march to New Creek. This should be done from Cumberland or New Creek. I have telegraphed to New Creek to remove the stores to Washington. I am not aware whether the enemy is really in strong force beyond Woodstock, as reported. I made preparations to find out.

The troops forming the First Corps are not in good condition; they are weakened and poorly provided. The organization is not complete, and the whole cavalry force consists of not more than 800 effective men and horses. They are scarcely sufficient for picket and patrol duty, so that I can hardly make a reconnaissance. General Banks has a strong force of cavalry, of which I brought one regiment (the First Maryland) from Harper's Ferry. As soon as I am a little better posted I shall report again.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

