HDQRS. MAJOR-GENERAL SIGEL'S ARMY CORPS,Middletown, Va., July 2, 1862.

[Colonel RUGGLES:]

COLONEL: No news of great importance. A detachment sent by me from Strasburg toward Edenburg found a picket of 30 men at Woodstock and will proceed to Edenburg. From another detachment sent toward Moorefield I received report that about 60 rebels were at the burnt bridge beyond Wardensville. They drove in some of our cavalry stationed there, but were attacked by our troops and fled toward Moorefield. Colonel Geary, stationed between Middletown and Front Royal, behind Cedar Creek, reports a force of 800 infantry and two pieces of artillery 7 miles from his camp, on the south side of the North Fork of the Shenandoah. His scouting party was attacked to-day and 2 men were wounded. He will send a strong detachment out to-morrow in the same direction.

Jackson has probably left a small corps of observation near Brock's Gap and near Luray, from which scouting parties are sent out against our lines. If we leave here they will probably come down toward Winchester. It would therefore be well to have our position occupied when we leave, as it has great advantages and can easily be defended.

F. SIGEL.

I am doing all in my power to be ready for your order.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 2, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First corps d' Armee, Middletown, Va.:

One hundred and fifty wagons are being sent to Manassas, which will join you as soon as you have taken up your position in front of Front Royal. They are intended for the use of your command. The day after General Banks marches you will move forward to the position which will be designated to you to-morrow. You must contrive to move forward your stores to that point as well as possible with transportation now in your possession, even if it be necessary to make two trips with your wagons for that purpose. You will leave for the present one brigade of your command with one battery of artillery at Winchester to intrench themselves strongly in that position. They will be relieved as soon as practicable. A regiment of cavalry will be in Winchester to take post in a day or two. Telegraph here a memorandum of what you need for your command, so that it may be furnished.

Your dispatch in regard to Ashby's cavalry was received at 6 p. m. to-day.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 2, 1862-6.32 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I informed Major-General Pope yesterday that I would, if you had no objections, send a regiment nearly a thousand strong to Winchester

29 R R-VOL XII, PT III

