
where we ought to have a considerable force intrenched. The position ought to be occupied, especially as it commands several roads leading to the Ohio and Baltimore Railroad. This, with a force at Leesburg and Romney, would command all the important roads leading to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and would supersede the necessity of the number of smaller posts which have been hitherto established in the interior of the country, one of which was a few days since captured by a small cavalry force of the rebels at Moorefield. As soon as I am made acquainted with the movements of Major-General Pope's command I shall know what to do, which I presume he will known to me before he leaves Washington.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Warrenton, July 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING, Falmouth:

It is reported from the Army of the Potomac and James River that the enemy are evacuating Richmond. Major-General Sigel reports the same information, obtained by his cavalry on the front of his corps from the country people, who were so informed by the secession outposts before they fell back. The enemy has withdrawn his pickets from the Rapidan. It is especially desired to ascertain whether any troops are passing or have lately passed up or down the Virginia Central Railroad between Richmond and Gordonsville. The Richmond papers say that part of this road is not in use. Can you ascertain? How is the Catharpin road for such a purpose? It is more than ever necessary that we continue to obtain the valuable information which your efforts have heretofore secured. i send the Rhode Island cavalry, under Duffie, to the Rappahannock Station, and when he arrives will instruct him to patrol through the Germanna Mills Crossing of the Rapidan, under your orders.

IRVIN McDOWELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 3, 1862.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

Commanding Third Army Corps:

GENERAL: i think you had best push Rickets' division as far as Warrenton and direct it to take post there. A small force will be sufficient at Manassas. Your cavalry brigade should be posted at Warrenton Junction, with strong pickets as far as the Rappahannock. The corps of Banks and Sigel will take post as follows: The latter at Sperryville, the former between that place and Warrenton. I desire to arm our whole front for at least 20 miles with strong cavalry pickets.

I hear nothing from General King. How much cavalry has he and where is it? Direct him to communicate every day to me, that I may know what is going on, and instruct him also to keep his cavalry well to the front on the other side of the Rappahannock. Will you please have there arrangements made without delay? I desire also to hear from the division at Warrenton at least once a day.

Very respectfully, yours,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

