
WASHINGTON, July 3, 1862.

Major-General RICKETTS,

Manassas:

General McDowell directs that you move your whole division to Warrenton town and take post there. Extend your pickets well out to the front. Report daily by telegraph to these headquarters. Bay ard's brigade is to be stationed at Warrenton Junction.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, July 3, 1862-8 p. m.

Major COPELAND,

Middletown, Va.:

Have been ill, but will leave to-morrow evening. We shall move immediately without large tents. Set pioneer corps upon block-houses for defense of Front Royal Bridge. Reconnoiter for strong positions from Sperryville toward Warrenton, 10 miles, without delay. Telegraph if six companies cavalry can march safety to Front Royal with artillery. Muskets will be sent Cooper's division. Have Nordendorf's commission. News is more favorable from Richmond. Wagons will commission. News is more favorable from Richmond. Wagons will be looked after.

N. P. BANKS,

[Major-General.]

Numbers 2.] FLAT TOP MOUNTAIN, July 3, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia, Washington:

In view of the report that the disciplined troops are wanted at the East, I call your attention to the fact that my division is among the best-seasoned and oldest troops in the field, and for discipline and drill will compare favorably with any. We are desirous of joining the principal column, especially if the work here for a time is to be that of garrisoning the country, as it probably must be.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JULY 4, 1862.-For Pope to McClellan, in reference to military co-operation, and McClellan's reply of July 7, see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, pp. 295, 306.]
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION, Opposite Fredericksburg, July 4, 1862-1 p. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I sent out parties of cavalry this morning to patrol the roads thoroughly in front of Fredericksburg. Others go out to-morrow, and each day I shall direct the reconnaissance to bee pushed farther and farther in the direction of Richmond. A party will also be sent up the river on this side from day to day to watch the fords and other crossing places and pick up information. The gunboat Freeborn arrived here at

