
more than I have done on account of its being so late in the day when I got here.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General BAYARD,

Warrenton Junction:

The general says you can stay where you are. Send out your pickets more to the left, toward General King, than to the right. Push your scouts down the Rappahannock as far as the month of the Rapidan. Ricketts is at Warrenton. Inquire of him as to his pickets.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 4, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL,Middletown:

The day after General Banks marchers with his corps you will also march on Front Royal, cross the Shenandoah at that place, and pursue the road on the west side of Blue Ridge as far as Luray Gap. Pass through the Gap to the east side and establish your corps at Sperryville, putting yourself immediately in communication with General Banks, who will be posted 5 or 6 miles east of Sperryville. Detach your cavalry force to watch the valley of the Shenandoah between Luray Gap and New Market, as also south toward Swift Run Gap. General Banks will cover your front toward Culpeper Court-House and Gordonsville with strong cavalry pickets for at least 20 miles in advance of you.

Do not postpone your movement a moment after the time here designated. Your depot of supplies for the the present will be Front Royal, and your line of communications by the Manassas Gap road to Alexandria. Carry with you to Sperryville at least ten days' rations, by which time arrangements will be compelled for supplying you from Front Royal. Call in your small posts except the brigade at Winchester. You will have no further communications with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad after you march for Sperryville.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1862.

Major-General WOOL,

Baltimore:

I have instructed Sigel to intrench one brigade of infantry and battery of artillery at Winchester. I have no troops for Romney. Cannot one or two of the new regiments coming to you from the West be sent there? Leesburg will be covered by my advance. I cannot begin to carry out my operations until something more definite is received from McClellan. Until then my forces are posted as follows: One of McDowell's divisions moves to Warrenton with cavalry brigade and section of artillery at Warrenton Junction; strong pickets beyond Rappa-

