
hannock. King, at Fredericksburg, is ordered to picket the country 20 miles in front of him with strong cavalry vedettes. The army corps under Sigel Moves forward to occupy Luray Gap (Sperryville). Banks' army corps to take position 5 or 6 miles east of him, so that in case of necessity the three corps can rapidly concentrate behind Bull Run. These positions render it dangerous for the enemy to penetrate into the Shenandoah Valley from the direction of Richmond, as I can rapidly until the two army corps of Banks and Sigel, and by marching on Gordonsville and Charlottesville cut off their retreat, at the same time covering the country between Richmond and Washington.

It was my purpose to have marched on Charlottesville and thence along north side of James River toward Richmond, destroying the railroad east of Lynchburg by pushing cavalry upon it at many points, but I dare not now move from the position I shall take up unless better assured of McClellan's situation. I should be glad of any suggestions from you on the subject of these movements.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 5, 1862-9.45 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,Middletown, Va.:

Has any portion of your command moved; if not, when will it move? General Pope expects it to move to-day.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1862-11 a. m.

General KING:

The critical condition of affairs at Richmond and the danger of an advance by the enemy in this direction render great vigilance and precaution necessary on your part. I have directed General McDowell to send you another regiment of cavalry. Keep the country in front of your closely watched for 25 miles both in direction of Richmond and Gordonsville. Spare no expense in spies or to obtain constant information. Communicate with me every day at least once.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, July 5, 1862-11.45 a. m.

Major-General POPE:

Your dispatch is received. I have just reported to General McDowell that we can hear of no enemy in our front of on our right, save small parties of cavalry, for many miles. Our patrol last night attacked and dispersed a cavalry picket 20 miles from here, on Telegraph road to Richmond, killing 1 man and bringing in 4 prisoners. The prisoners

