
say that there are no troops of any consequence within 25 miles. I will use every effort to watch the front and procure information.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

MIDDLETOWN, VA., July 5, 1862-1.30 a. m.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff to General Pope:

In reply to your inquiries, I have to say that my transfer from a division which I had just succeeded in organizing, equipping, and making effective to the command of the First Army Corps, which I found to be in a very bad condition in regard to discipline, organization, construction of divisions and brigades, equipments, and, to a great extent, demoralized, has imposed severe labor upon me. In addition to this, I have been greatly inconvenienced by the removal of all papers and documents by General Fremont, so that I have had to learn everything by direct inquiries and inspections. However, I have succeeded in arranging the corps into divisions and brigades, as follows: First Division, General Schenck commanding, consists of two brigades: First, commanded by General Stahel, consisting of four regiments of infantry, one battery, and two companies of cavalry; Second Brigade, Colonel McLean commanding, consists of the same as First Brigade. Second Division, General Steinwehr: First Brigade, Colonel Koltes, three infantry regiments, one company of cavalry, and one battery; Second Brigade, Colonel Lyind, two cavalry regiments and the reserve artillery, consisting of three batteries, this being the division of reserve. Third Division, General Schurz: First Brigade, General Bohlen, three infantry regiments, one battery, one company of cavalry; Second Brigade, Colonel Krzyzanowski, consisting of three infantry regiments, one battery, and one company of cavalry. Independent Brigade, General Milroy, consisting of four regiments infantry, one battery, and three companies of cavalry; this will be the advance brigade. Detached brigade, General Piatt, consisting of three regiments of infantry, one battery, and the regiment of cavalry you mentioned. This brigade will proceed to Winchester to-morrow, where the cavalry regiments will have to join it. When this brigade is relieved from duty at Winchester, which I trust will by very soon, it will be joined to the Independent Brigade, to form a division, under General Milroy.

This arrangement of the corps was made after consultation with all the generals in the scoops, and seems the only one that would give general satisfaction. The effective strength in detail will be sent to you to-morrow from the morning report. The division of General Blenker does not exist. One of his late brigades is attached to General Schenck's command. One was and is now attached to General Shcurz, and one forms a part of the division of reserve, under General Steinwehr. The interests of the service required this reconstruction, as there were serious differences between the commanding officers of these brigades.

Your order in regard to transportation is being strictly executed by Captain Justice. An engineer officer has been sent to Winchester to make the necessary preparations for intrenching the place. The brigade ordered to proceed to Winchester to-morrow would have been sent before had not your previous order directed me to send a brigade there when we left this place.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

