HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 5, 1862-12.50 p. m.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding First Corps d' Armee, Middletown, Va.:

The 150 wagons that were to be sent you will be sent to Major-General Banks to replace those taken by you. Have you received the orders of General Pope of yesterday in regard to the direction of your march?

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MIDDLETOWN, VA., July 5, 1862-2.35 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding:

From my inspection of General Sigel's army corps I am satisfied that he should have several days more-say six or seven-to organize his command and provide it with many articles absolutely necessary for its efficiency. The quartermaster's department in particular needs organization; without it, and with the transportation on hand, it will be difficult, if not impracticable, to keep it in supplies. I leave in a few minutes to inspect General Milroy's brigade, which is now en route to Front Royal.

R. JONES,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 5, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,Middletown:

The critical condition of affairs near Richmond and the danger of an advance of the enemy in force on Washington make it necessary that your movements be made with all dispatch. Intrench one regiment and section, or, better still, a battery, at the bridge near Front Royal. I am sending to Warrenton, to await your orders, three good batteries of artillery, six companies of cavalry, and 150 wagons.

You must throw forward your cavalry, as soon as you approach your new position, to Culpeper Court-House, and carefully watch the whole country toward Richmond and Gordonsville. This watch must be very vigilant and constant, and in sufficient force not to be driven back by small parties of the enemy. One of McDowell's divisions will occupy Warenton permanently to-morrow. You had best take post from 5 to 10 miles-not more-east of Sigel at Sperryville.

The cavalry picketing in your front toward Gordonsville and Richmond is of vital importance and must be carefully attended to. One of your staff officers should be frequently sent to inspect these pickets, see that they are well posted, and do their duty.

You will be removed to Washington as soon as you are in position. I will have telegraph line to connect with you.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

