
MIDDLETOWN, VA., July 5, 1862-4.15 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

Your dispatch received at 4 p. m. My whole command will be at Front Royal to-night and will march to-morrow. Your instructions will be faithfully executed.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAT TOP, July 5, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of Virginia, Washington:

On the 3rd I telegraphed to the commanding general in regard to substituting raw troops for my division. Would say in addition that at Fayette Court-House are works constructed last winter, which make it a strong position. Near Hawk's Nest, on the other side of New River, is a position equally strong by nature. Troops at those points could protect the valley, leaving my disciplined and experienced troops available. The army here is most eager in its desire to be transferred to a larger field, where they can be of more service, and I present the facts above as showing the feasibility.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 6, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, McDowell's Corps, Washington:

SIR: Our cavalry patrols, which were sent out on all the roads yesterday from 10 to 15 miles beyond Fredericksburg, could not hear of hostile force in our front in any direction. They brought in no intelligence except that almost daily postal communication is kept up between Fredericksburg and Richmond, messengers and mail-carriers passing to and from constantly. This, of cannot be prevented, unless we throw a considerable force across the river and inclose Fredericksburg within our lines.

I send herewith the Richmond Examiner of the 3rd and 4th of July, constraining very full details of the six days' fighting in front of Richmond. They are the papers I telegraphed to the Secretary of War about.

I hope to be able to send you every day the latest Richmond papers. All quiet in our vicinity.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

FRONT ROYAL, VA., July 6, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding:

General Williams' division moved forward to-day, embracing Crawford's, Gordon's, Geary's, and Hatch's commands. General Cooper is here. He set with an accident, which may disable him for field service.

