HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Amissville, Va., July 8, 1862-10 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

Before leaving Washington I directed Williams, with his division, to take a strong position within 6 or 8 miles east of Sperryville, which I understood to be in accordance with your orders when I saw you. He took position yesterday at Amissville, 14 miles east of Sperryville, but as far in advance as that place. I supposed he would have moved to-day, but will order him toward Sperryville to-morrow, unless otherwise directed. Please suggest the place directed by you. General Cooper will be at Sperryville to-morrow. General Hatch at the earliest movement will execute your orders referred to him. The Michigan cavalry now at Warrenton should be ordered here at once. It will be necessary to assemble our entire cavalry force. There is no reason to doubt the success of the enterprise. Nothing is heard of the enemy here.

N. P. BANKS,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX,

Flat Top:

Do you think be leaving 2, 5000 men, wight battery of artillery, strongly intrenched at or near mount of Gauley, the valley of the Kanawha will be reasonably safe; if so, with what force will you be able to march on Staunton? How long will it take you to get there, and what resistance are you likely to meet?

Answer in detail immediately.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Meadow Bluff, [July 8, 1862].

General COX:

My information as regards their force corresponds quite accurately with the news I have received. Your letter received this evening. All satisfactory. Nothing special here. We are in great suspense here with regard to Richmond.

GEORGE CROOK,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, Meadow Bluff, July 8, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM:

Captain Harrison arrived here this evening. He will go to Monroe day after to-morrow. I learn that General Heth's force, increased by another regiment, is again back to Salt Sulphur. I think probably, they would give me battle were I to go after them, and if they do I think I could trap them.

Yours, respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

