
Johnson. I will advance until I come in contact with them, when I shall await further re-enforcements. The Sixth Ohio Cavalry has not yet joined me. I am informed by a reliable guide here that through Thornton's Gap is impassable by reason of being blockaded by stone, which cannot be removed by us. The guide who gives same this information informs me that there is an excellent road to-ward Gordonsville through Swift Run Gap. I should have more cavalry with me at once.

I have replied to General Milroy that he must not bring on any general engagement until all divisions and brigades have closed up, but to ascertain the force and position of the enemy and await orders. I have directed him to ascertain and report as soon as possible as to the condition and obstructions on road over Thornton's Gap, but have told him that to attempt to go by Swift Run Gap or toward Gordonsville is not within my present instructions. The Sixth Ohio Cavalry failed to get here until last night. They went forward to General Milroy at 3 o'clock this morning. Send me orders.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 9, 1862.

Brigadier General ROBERT C. SCHENCK,Commanding First Corps d' Armee, Front Royal, via Winchester, Va.:

Your dispatches have been received. The major-general commanding does not conceive that it is necessary to give you instructions in the matter. You have at least 10,000 men. The enemy, according to your own account, have but 3,000 or 5,000. The rule to be followed is to attack the enemy wherever you find him on the route you are ordered to pursue unless he greatly outnumbers you. Proper persons are charged with construction of telegraph lines and location of telegraph station. It is desired that you push forward in accordance with your orders without regard to to telegraphic communication. The general desires you to send to Middletown a proper officer to bring off the stores safely who will not be frightened by rumors of the enemy. The general considers that there is not sufficient foundation for the stampeding reports that have been forwarded to him.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., July 9, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL:

I have sent a company of 115 infantry to load and protect stores. At Middletown one section of artillery and three companies of infantry. Enemy reported in sight by Captain De Beck, commanding at Middletown. I shall support them with my whole force, if necessary. Cavalry not reported, and are eminently necessary.

A. SANDERS PIATT.

FLAT TOP, July 9, via Wheeling, July 10, 1862

Adjutant-General RUGGLES:

General Pope's of yesterday juste received. Four regiments, with some cavalry and artillery, would make the valley below Fayetteville

