
Some reasons make it desirable to hold all we have gained here. If the new troops can possible be procured for the purpose in this arrangement I would place two regiments here, from which a detachment should hold Pack's Ferry and Ford Two, at Meadow Bluff; half a regiment sat Raleigh and Fayetteville; one at Gauley Bridge, and half a regiment in post down the valley to protect transportation form mount of Blue Stone downwards. New River is a torrent, without fords, flowing through a literal chasm. There were formerly ferries at three places, but they were always difficult, and no boats now exist there.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHENCK,Middletown:

Your several dispatches have been receive. Your instructions were to march forward promptly with the First Corps to Luray and thence through Thornton's Gap to Serryville. With the construction of telegraph lines and the establishment of depots of supplies, &amp;c., I do not understand that you were charged. Be pleased to take charge of the First Corps at once and move forward as you have been directed. Of course you are to provide for the security of your trains of supplies by such details from your command as are necessary. I regret to see that there is so great a tendency in your command to unnecessary alarms and "stampedes." You had best send more officers to Middletown to conduct your trains less frightened than the one now in charge, and who will think less of "rescue and retreat," and more of advance. I have no idea that there is any considerable force of the enemy in Shenandoah Valley, nothing that for a moment could confront your command. Banks, with his whole corps, is just east of Thornton's Gap, and if there had been 5,000 of the enemy there he must have been crushed between you. I have no idea there is any force there at all. Nothing is so demoralizing to a command as this constant alarm. You had best correct it by marching forward and not backward. I am surprised and ashamed of the ridiculous performances at Middletown since the bulk of the command left there. Send back an officer of discretion and nerve to bring up your trains, with such force as is necessary. Do not allow Milroy to leave any of his baggage on the road.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 10, 1862.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Commanding First Corps d'Armee, Front Royal,

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Second Corps d'Armee, Front Royal,

Major-General RICKETTS,

Commanding at Warrenton,

Brigadier-General KING,

Commanding opposite Fredericksburg:

Every brigade, division, and corps d'armee of the Army of Virginia will hold itself ready to march, with two days' rations, at an hour's notice,

