
and no supplies will be kept on hand except such as are necessary for this purpose. The surplus baggage, subsistence, quartermaster's and ordnance stores, as also medial supplies, will at once be sent to the depot at Alexandria, so that no delay whatever shall occur when the order to march is received.

Every brigade, division, and army corps commander will be held responsible for immediate compliance with this order, and no excuse will be listened to for any failure.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 10, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Second Army Corps, Sperryville, via Catlett's:

Have you left a regiment and a battery of artillery to intrench themselves at Front Royal Bridge, as I requested you? If not, please have it done without the least delay, and send an officer to oversee it and report. I wish to know exactly what has been done about it, and to receive a daily report of all that transpires in your command of importance.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 10, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,Front Royal:

I understand that a portion of one of the Pennsylvania regiments belonging to your corps has been left behind at Martinsburg. I wish all your detachments called in, except such as are necessary to protect your trains coming up. Do not delay to send forward your cavalry as I have directed, and push your patrols as far as possible toward Gordonsville.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENTON, VA., July 11, 1862-10.45 a. m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding:

Your dispatch of 10th, 11.25 a. m., was received to-day at 12.50. My command is now this side Hedgeman's River-the right 6 miles from Warrenton. Every effort will be made to put it in immediate marching order. One regiment was left at Front Royal. A battery of four guns was sent there to-day. General Hatch makes a cavalry reconnaissance in force to Culpeper to-morrow. Three men brought into our camp yesterday and to-day. They report no large force this side Gordonsville and saw none there. My belief is that a considerable force of cavalry and infantry may be at Orange Court-House.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

30 R R-VOL XII, PT III

