
SPERRYVILLE, VA., July 11, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES:

A small body of rebel cavalry left here yesterday morning before the arrival of my advance brigades. Squads of them infest the roads and country about us. May I be permitted to suggest that we need immediately a greater cavalry force? We had an officer of the day fired on to-day while visiting our pickets. Can you tell me if a rebel force is at Culpeper Court-House?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 11, 1862-10 p. m.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding First Corps d'Armee, Winchester, Va.:

The major-general commanding desires you to see personal that the work on the intrenchments at Winchester is being pushed forward as it ought to be and that they are provided with the proper artillery. It is essential to our movements and to the safety of that garrison that the work be finished in the shortest possible time.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 12, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Second Army Corps, Warrenton, Va.:

The major-general commanding desires me to state that the position he desired and designated for your right flank was a point about 8 miles east of Sperryville. He still desires you to take that position, if not already occupied. It would be even better to have your right resting not farther than 5 miles from Sperryville. If your right, therefore, is now more than 10 miles from that place, you will at once move by the right flank and take up the position indicated.

General Pope does not desire a simple cavalry reconnaissance toward Culpeper. He wants that to be occupied in force, and directs that General Hatch take up his headquarters there, throwing out strong cavalry pickets for at least 20 miles in the direction of Gordonsville and Richmond. Refer to telegraphic dispatch hitherto sent you for instructions concerning the operations of your cavalry and the position of your army corps.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NEAR WARRENTON, VA., July 12, 1862-10.25 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES:

Yours of this day was received at 9 p. m. There is some mistake in

