
eral Wool has been written and telegraphed to send one regiment of cavalry from Martinsburg to Front Royal.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Copies of this letter furnished Brigadier-General Piatt and Brigadier-General Schenck, same date, July 12, 1862.)

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1862-2.20 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Warrenton, Va.:

Have some immediate disposition made of the stores at Middletown, so that General Piatt's regiments can go back to him. His force at Winchester must not be weakened on any account. See that his works are pushed forward rapidly. Three days ought to be enough to put his command in strong intrenchments.

Our whole operations will be embarrassed by any delay, and I shall hold him responsible if he sustains any accident. He can easily surround his command with trenches and rifle pits in two days. Let him do so.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, July 12, 1862. (Received Washington, D. C., July 12, 4.50 p. m.)

Major-General POPE,

Washington, D. C.:

There are seven companies of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry here. They should move to Winchester immediately if that is the regiment to be under command of General Piatt. They have no carbines, but are fully equipped otherwise. Colonel Voss, the commander, left here for Washington this morning and will see you. In the mean time I would recommenced to you to let the regiment go to Winchester. I leave for Front Royal immediately.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., July 12, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding:

Just arrived. Find General Piatt stationed here with only two regiments of infantry, one of his regiments being at Front Royal, with two pieces of artillery. But he has no cavalry-not a single man. I advised you by telegraph from Martinsburg that the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry (seven companies) were there. Can they not be ordered on here immediately? They have no fire-arms, but there are 500 Colt's revolvers here they can have. General Piatt cannot well get along without them any longer. Shall inspect the fortifications to-morrow and go to my corps.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

