HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Meadow Bluff, July 12, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent two companies of cavalry with Captain Harrison. They met their rebel cavalry at Alderson's Ferry; had a skirmish, killed and wounded 7 rebels, got some 10 or 12 horses; only got two of his children; others scattered about through the country near Union, and the oldest the rebels have in prison. Do you wish me to get the children for him? I would like, if possible, to have Captain Harrison's company here, since he is so familiar with this country.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel. Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 13, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Second Army Corps, near Warrenton, Va.:

On referring to my records I find my retained dispatch of the 9th instant directed you to take up position, your right resting at least 5 miles from Warrenton. At the same time I understood perfectly that your right flank was to be near Sperryville. The retained copy of the dispatch is not in my handwriting, and there may have been a mistake in copying the original. At all events I am responsible. I shall so inform the major-general commanding, and that you have obeyed your instructions. I can only account for such carelessness on account of the hurry and confusion of organizing my office for an early departure for the field. I can assure you that the keen mortification experienced by me in this matter will preclude the recurrence of such mistakes in future. Your depot for supplies was and is intended to be at Warrenton. Please continue to comply with instructions in regard to sending surplus stores to Alexandria.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, D. C., July 13, 1862-10.50.

Major-General BANKS,Commanding Second Corps d'Armee, Warrenton, Va.:

The major-general commanding desires you to instruct General Hatch to picket the country carefully on the east side of the Blue Ridge, toward Gordonsville and Stanardsville, in front of Sigel's command. Remember that the whole of Sigel's cavalry is scouring the Shenandoah Valley on the west side of Blue Ridge, and that, as you have been informed, he depends upon you to picket the country in his front with cavalry.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

