
clear and in good order in front of you. By injuring them you are obstructing our own movements, not those of the enemy. Be particular therefore to impress positively upon all your officers that they are to repair the roads in advance, not to destroy them. If you have a corps of workmen set them to work immediately to rebuild the small bridges that you have ordered destroyed as rapidly as possible. There is only a force of 200 infantry and a small force of cavalry at Gordonsville, nothing that for a moment could delay the troops led forward by General Hatch. Desire him to seize Gordonsville, and, if possible, Charlottesville, as I telegraphed you to-day. At the latter place there are large supplies for the enemy, which had best be destroyed if it can be accomplished.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington July 14, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Second Army Corps, near Warrenton:

I am glad to hear of success at Culpeper. Keep your cavalry going. Push strong cavalry force to Gordensville, and if possible destroy the track east and west of that place. If you meet no serious resistance there push on your cavalry to Charlottesville, and try to destroy the track between there and Lynchburg. Tell Hatch his commission awaits his success. Promptness and vigor, quick and long marches, boldness and skill are only needed. No time should be lost. If he destroys the railroad east and west of Gordonsville his return from Charlottesville with cavalry cannot be seriously molested. Hold your command in constant readiness for an advance.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR WARRENTON, VA., July 14, 1862-1.20 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch just received. My only embarrassment now refers to the disposition of General Cooper. No important news to-day. General Augur has been assigned to command of his division.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, D. C., July 14, 1862.

To the Officers and Soldiers of the army of Virginia:

By special assignment of the President of the United States I have assumed the command of this army. I have spent two weeks in learning your whereabouts, your condition, and your wants, in preparing

