
you for active operations, and in placing you in positions from which you can act promptly and to the purpose. These labors are nearly competed, and I am about to join you in the field.

Let us understand each other. I have come to you form the West, where we have always seen the backs of our enemies; from an army whose business it has been to seek the adversary and to beat him when he was found; whose policy has been attack and not defense. In but one instance has the enemy been able to place our Western armies in defensive attitude. I presume that I have been called here to pursue the same system and to lead you against the enemy. It is my purpose to do so, and that speedily. I am sure you long for an opportunity to win the distinction you are capable of achieving. That opportunity I shall endeavor to give you. Meantime I desire you to dismiss from your minds certain phrases, which I am sorry to find so much in vogue amongst you. I hear constantly of "taking strong positions and holding them," of "lines of retreat," and of "bases of supplies." Let us discard such ideas. The strongest position a soldier should desire to occupy is one from which he can most easily advance against the enemy. Let us study the probable lines of retreat of our opponents, and leave our own to take care of themselves. Let us look before us, and not behind. Success and glory are in the advance, disaster and shame lurk in the rear. Let us act on this understanding, and it is safe to predict that your banners shall be inscribed with many a glorious deed and that your names will be dear to your countrymen forever.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 15, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Second Army Corps, via Warrenton, Va.:

The major-general commanding regrets that your army corps has not yet moved into the position designated for it, as its presence there is of the first importance. He desires you to move at once, and to leave a sufficient party to construct a temporary brigade over Hedgeman's Creek strong enough to cross your supplies. He desires no re-enforcements other than those he has himself already designated to be sent to Front Royal. He considers the garrison as designated by him to be strong enough for all purposes.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Warrenton Junction:

March to-morrow with your cavalry to Culpeper Court-House,l and report for temporary service to Brigadier-General Hatch, whose headquarters are at that place. The infantry and artillery now with you will repair to Warrenton and report temporality to General Ricketts.

Acknowledge the receipt of this immediately.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

