
submit to the enormous expenditures of money and the great waste of munitions of war, to say nothing of the thousands and tents of thousands of lives unnecessarily sacrificed?

The telegraph operator at Wheeling is suspected of being a friend to the rebels. Inquire of Major Constable about his character.

If the depot at Wheeling is to broken up I should be very glad to have the ordnance officer and the commissary ordered to Harper's Ferry, where they are much wanted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, July 16, 1862.

General JOHN POPE:

I have been disappointed in the cavalry at Martinsburg not being prepared to take the field. Colonel Voss was here on Saturday with requisitions for fire-arms and ammunition, and proceeded to Washington for arms, &amp;c. He promised to call on his return. He has not yet returned. As soon as he is prepared he will be ordered to patrol between Winchester and Romney. Instead of 1,000, he has only 595 men.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 16, 1862-5.15 p. m.

Major-General WOOL,

Baltimore:

Your dispatch of this date just received. My force at Winchester is strongly intrenched, with abundance of artillery. No fears of an attack are felt by the officer commanding there. I have heard of no force in the valley except some cavalry.

My advance is being pushed to Charlottesville, and if there be any force of the enemy in the valley it must be cut off. I left no cavalry at Winchester, as I hoped from what you said that you would send the cavalry now at Martinsburg up there. Can you not do so? It is much needed.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JULY 17, 1862.-For Pope to McClellan, in reference to military operations, and McClellan's reply, July 19, see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, pp. 325, 328.]

WASHINGTON, July 17, 1862-12 m.

Brigadier-General KING,

Fredericksburg:

I send down to you a man named Humphreys, vouched for by Mr. Ely and other, who knew him in Richmond. He may be able to give you some information.

I desire you to watch the country in front of you with the utmost

