
this district and of the troops and their wants. I have freely suggested whatever has occurred to me as likely to be of advantage to the public service, feeling confident that I shall not be understood to intrude my opinion, but to be simply giving the results of my experience in the past campaign for what they may be worth. Hoping my report will be of some service in obtaining an acquaintance with the affairs of the department, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,At Moorefield, Va., April 5, 1862.

DONN PIATT, Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of intelligence partially reliable that the enemy have evacuated Alleghany Summit, and are falling back on Staunton, with the intention of crossing east of the Blue Ridge.

I yesterday went out 40 cavalrymen and 20 mounted skirmishers, with Enfield rifles, to look after the neighborhood of the affair of the day previous on the Wardensville road. They returned to camp last evening, having found the murderous wretches; failing to kill or take any of them prisoners; severely wounding two of them; found some ammunition, and brought in one suspected person, from whom we hope to get full knowledge of the neighborhood.

I shall send a squad of cavalry to Romney to-day and open communication with the forces in that direction.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

B. R. DURFEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forces at Moorefield, Va.

CHARLESTON, April 5, 1862.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Brigade, Fayette Court-House:

I have no information from headquarters as yet in regard to plans and no answer to my urgent dispatch of yesterday inquiring whether I should use my own judgment in temporary operations on this line. Will send directions as soon as I hear from there. Make lists of such fugitives as come to you, and if necessary, supply them with rations the same as to prisoners. If you have any work you can set them at, do so. Report the number at your camp and watch carefully for spies among them. Issue ammunition in moderate quantities to such partisans as you can thoroughly rely upon.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[APRIL 5, 1862.-For Stanton to Dix, in reference to Baltimore police, martial law, &amp;c., see Series III, Vol. II.]

WOODSTOCK, VA., April 6.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Upon receiving your dispatch announcing the creation of a new military department, embracing the valley of the Shenan-

