
Captain Myer Asch, aide-de-camp.

Captain Douglass Pope, aide-de-camp.

Captain John H. Piatt, aide-de-camp.

Captain Charles B. Atchison, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant Francis J. Shunk, chief of ordnance.

First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain William E. Merrill, assistant to chief of engineers.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, Flat Top Mountain, July 17, 1862.

G. M. BASCOM,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that upon information from the outpost on Princeton road a band of guerrillas, directed by a man in uniform, is burning and destroying the farm of Mr. French, about 6 miles from camp. I sent the cavalry and half the picket out to apprehend,if possible, the fanatics. I also detailed another detachment to start at sunset beyond Lill's farm to lay in ambush and apprehend bushwhackers who are prowling about our pasture grounds, cursing the pasture guards this morning from a safe distance.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Twenty-eighth Ohio Regiment Infty., Commanding Second Prov. Brigadier
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Warrenton, July 18, 1862.

Colonel OWEN JONES,Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Culpeper:

COLONEL: I send herewith a copy of instructions just received from Headquarters of the Army of Virginia, and am instructed by Major-General McDowell to direct that you take measures immediately to carry them into effect.

You may either go yourself with the Pennsylvania regiment to Gordonsville or send the New Jersey regiment, if it is still in the hands of an able and judicious officer.

Endeavor to procure a map of the country, so as to see clearly the best way of carrying out the instructions communicated to you, and endeavor also to obtain such information as will enable you to take the best road to Gordonsville in view of the crossing of the Rapidan River, which the present rain may have made impassable, save on bridges.

The officer sent on this service has a most important duty to discharge, and cannot be too vigilant and too active. Nothing must be allowed to stand in the way of accomplishing his object, to wit, of preventing any of the enemy's force approaching to get behind General Hatch whilst he is in front of Gordonsville, without his and the forces at Culpeper receiving timely notice. Make all your arrangements for sending him word, so that there shall be no failure.

