
Whilst it is of the first importance that you should be vigilant, avoid giving any false alarm, which would be productive of as much evil as if the enemy were actually approaching.

Report to me when and which regiment leaves Culpeper on the above duty.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1862.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

Warrenton:

Send forward from Culpeper one regiment of your cavalry to proceed to Gordonsville to watch the rear of Hatch's command. Direct the commanding officer to throw out his pickets at least 15 miles to the east and west of Gordonsville until General Hatch, has returned, when he will report to General Hatch for duty. He will be held responsible that no force of the enemy gets into General Hatch's rear from the east or west, without timely notice to General Hatch and to the forces at Culpeper.

General Hatch has gone from Gordonsville to Charlottesville.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, July 18, 1862.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff:

The officer who was sent to carry dispatches to the commanding officer of the cavalry brigade at Culpeper returned after going a short distance, to report,on the authority of one just in from the front, that the river was swollen to a rapid torrent half a mile wide, and impassable in its present state. I told him to return and use every means and keep at it until he crossed. I have sent a duplicate of the dispatch by another officer to try and cross at another place lower down, where, if the stream is broader, it may not be as rapid.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WARRENTON, VA., July 18, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Dispatch just received from General Hatch, 17th instant, 5.5 p. m., camp 2 1\2 miles from Madison, says:

Yesterday Maryland and Virginia cavalry made reconnaissance 6 miles beyond Madison. It is reported Ewell is at Gordonsville with his division and Second Virginia Cavalry. I will to-morrow make a junction with the troops at Orange Court-House, and, placing my infantry and artillery with the train on the pike to Sperryville, will make a reconnaissance in force to Gordonsville. If Ewell is not there will enter and destroy road. If he is, I shall push train, artillery, and infantry to Sperryville, and try the other plan before mentioned.

It does not distinctly appear what this plan is. Colonel Anisansel, First Virginia Cavalry, transmits this dispatch, and by request of Gen-

31 R R-VOL XII, PT III

