
eral Hatch; that he (Colonel Anisansel) met the enemy's pickets in Madison, killed 1, wounded several, and captured 5, now on their way here. His scouts inform him that Ewell was advancing from Gordonsville to Orange Court-House and contemplated attack on Culpeper, Hatch ordered back the First Virginia Cavalry to Culpeper, taking the road to Madison himself on account of some obstructions. Two regiments of Bayard's cavalry were to join Hatch this morning. Anisansel's dispatch is dated 9 last night, but General Hatch has later news. Both are forwarded in full.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 18, 1862-9.50 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,Commanding Second Corps d'Armee, near Sperryville:

Keep General Sigel advised General Hatch's movements and operations.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, July 18, 1862.

General BANKS,

New Market:

On my reconnaissances several times this week I have endeavored to find out the strength of the enemy at the Rappahannock, but from the brokenness of the country have as yet been unable to do so. From the extent of the earthworks and the number of troops in and about them it must be considerable. A number of shots were exchanged to-day. Two days since one man and one or two horses wounded. None on our side to-day, although the firing was heavy.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

MILLER'S FORD, July 18, 1862-6.30 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

Several dispatches are juste received (6.30 p. m.) from Headquarters Army of Virginia. It has been with the greatest difficulty that I could get communication with Warrenton, on account of freshest, until now. Two reports received from General Hatch's column, full abstract of which were sent at noon. He would be in Gordonsville to-day, unless enemy was found there in large force. River fallen 4 feet.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 18, 1862-12.40 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Sperryville:

Report to me every day be telegraph, that I may know precisely what

