HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, D. C., July 19, 1862.

General KING,Fredericksburg:

Your movement of cavalry upon Beaver Dam should not be delayed a moment or it may be took late. I hope you made it last night. A rapid march in the night will certainly effect the purpose before day-light. Have you a cipher telegraph operator?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 19, 1862.

General PIATT,

Winchester, Va.:

Your dispatches of yesterday received. I have heard so much talk of retreating since I took command of this army that I hardly know what to believe. I regret extremely if I have wounded your feelings, and beg to apologize for it.

Winchester must be held, and I am glad to have received from you the first confident assurance on the subject. Strengthen your position in every way possible, and keep always twelve or more days' supplies on hand.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 8. Washington, July 19, 1862.

Captain B. F. Fifield, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is announced as the agent at these headquarters of Colonel D. C. McCallum, military director and superintendent of railroads.

Whenever transportation for troops or supplies is required, requisitions setting forth the amount and kind of transportation will be made on Captain Fifield at these headquarters.

Whenever it may be necessary to construct or repair railways (except in cases where the repairs can be made immediately by the troops upon the ground), application will be made to Captain Fifield, who will give such orders as may be necessary in the case.

The running of railway trains will be exclusively under the charge of the railroad officers, and these officers will not be interfered with in the discharge of this duty by any officer or soldier of this command.

No officer or soldier will be permitted to travel on any rail train without a proper pass from his division or army corps commander.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 20, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

near Sperryville:

Your despatches of yesterday render it almost certain that General Hatch has made a failure. It is due simply to his astonishing opera

