
tion of taking infantry and wagon trains, when he was ordered to make a cavalry movement purely. For three days after he should have moved on Gordonsville there was no enemy there. As I informed you yesterday, his course must be explained.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp six mile east of Sperryville, July 20, 1862-5 a. m.

Major-General POPE:

Three dispatches received from General Hatch this morning, dated 19th. He reports (8 a. m.) that he has failed to make the contemplated movement. He has no doubt that Ewell is in strong force between his camp near Madison and Gordonsville his lines, extending from Liberty Mills to Wolftown. Report says he has large force, with large amount of artillery. He (Hatch) will remain on Ewell's front to keep us advised of his movements. A second dispatch, 19th July, 9.20 a. m., states that a man representing that he had been sent to Richmond by General Geary and having Geary's pass, was brought in from Stanardsville road. He represents Ewell's force as 6,000, and says he has been expecting and awaiting his (Hatch's) attack. General Jackson is reported at Louisa Court-Huse; his whole force, including Ewell's, about 30,000 men. General Hatch proposes to occupy a line in front of Sperryville extending to Culpeper, his right on the Madison and Sperryville road through Slate Mills. He reports one company Fifth New York Cavalry captured by enemy at Rapidan Bridge. Will advise General Sigel and send forward copies of dispatches immediately.

General Augur's train will cross to-day.

N. P. BANKS,Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 20, 1862.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING:

It is reported to me from an advance at Madison Court-House that Ewell is at Gordonsville with 6,000 men and Jackson at Louisa Court-House with 25,000. Watch well the road to Gordonsville, that the enemy may not make a push so as to separate your division from the rest of the command. Let me hear from you as soon as you get anything from the expedition you have sent out. Spare no pains nor money to get information from your front every day or oftener.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 20, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Warrenton:

I send you copy of a dispatch from General Banks. Put yourself in communication with him. He is directed is directed to keep you advised of all

