
that goes on in his front. If the enemy should undertake to advance the probable point of our concentration will be Banks' position.

I do not credit the report that Jackson is at Louisa Court-House with such a force, but be ready to move at a moment's notice. How are the roads to Banks' position and to Culpeper and the exact distance to each? Halleck will be here the day after to-morrow. The President is unwilling for me to leave here until he arrives.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, July 20, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Colonel [SCHRIVER]:

I explained, in reply to your dispatch of yesterday, why it was that General McDowell had received no reports from me for two days. The telegraph communication was interrupted for two days. The telegraph communications was interrupted for that length of time, so that I could no send anything by the wires, but I wrote to you daily.

In obedience to orders from Major-General Pope I dispatched the Harrison Light Cavalry last evening on an expedition to the Virginia Central Railroad, in the neighborhood of Beaver Dam, with instructions to break up, if possible, both the railroad and telegraph communication at that point. They had a cool, pleasant night for their march, and will, I hope, accomplish their object.

We have on hand our ten days' rations, and expect to-day our extra ammunition, which will give us 140 rounds per man and 250 per gun. In all other respects the division is ready to move at an hour's notice.

Everything has been quiet in our front for the past two days, and we can hear of no movements of the enemy.

Is it desire that we should continue to send an orderly daily to headquarters?

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 20, 1862-9.35 a. m.

General PIATT,Winchester:

Spare no means through spies and others to inform yourself of the movements of the enemy's cavalry in the valley. It is reported to me that Jackson is on the road to Moorefield. Spend whatever money is necessary to keep yourself fully advised of what is going on within 50 miles south of you.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 20, 1862-10.25 a. m.

Major-General WOOL,

Baltimore:

It is reported that Jackson is on his way toward Romney,with the pur-

