
pose of making a descent into Maryland. It is possible, but I hardly think it probable.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, July 20, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE:

I have just received your dispatch of to-day. Its contents have been communicated to all my commanding officers, viz: At Cumberland, Martinsburg, and Harper's Ferry. Brigadier-General Kelley has command of all the troops west of Cumberland.

It is my intention to go as far as Cumberland to-morrow, visiting all the troops on this side. You ought, my dear general, to be with your troops. Jackson is an enterprising officer. Delays are dangerous.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Meadow Bluff, July 20, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,Assistant Adjutant-General:

No foundation for Mr. Houston's rumor. I moved camp for sanitary reasons. The rebels are continually threatening, but so far have been very respectful. I have no doubt but that their intention is to try and retake Kanawha Valley if thins turn out right at Richmond, and this will be their route. Captain Harrison starts for Gauley in the morning with his family. If possible, send me all the Ninth Virginia.

Yours, respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[JULY 20-21.-For Pope to McClellan, July 20, and McClellan's reply, July 21, see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, pp. 329, 330.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Fairfax [Culpeper], July 21, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that General Hatch has to-day returned to this place, finding it impossible to advance any farther than Orange Court-House. General Jackson is at Gordonsville, I think, with General Ewell and 30.000 men, says report. I know nothing.

I have the honor to ask you to expedite as much as possible the organization of that battery and send it on with the Bucktails. I would respectfully ask the latter force if the battery cannot come.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

