
tween that place and Lynchburg. If he can, to make a descent upon James River Canal, only 20 miles south of Charlottesville. He must take nothing with him except what I specify and live upon the country. It does not matter what force of infantry the enemy has either at Gordonsville or elsewhere. Infantry cannot pursue cavalry. I do not care that Hatch should enter either Gordonsville or Charlottesville, but pass around out of reach of infantry or artillery	 and destroy the track and telegraph. Burn heavy bridges if possible, as they are not easily repaired. Tell Hatch speed is the great thing by day and night. He ought no to think of stopping more than a couple of hours at any time. He can return by any other route he pleases. Let him seize guides in the country as he goes along, with the understanding that they are to be shot if they mislead him. He must understand all this. He can either turn Ewell by going along the east side of the Blue Ridge or crossing thought Swift Fun Gap and descending upon Charlottesville from the northwest. Let him destroy the bridges and railroad east of Charlottesville before he goes west of that place. He can take five cavalry regiments if he pleases; four are enough. Leave Bayard or any other good officer in command of the forces between and at Madison Court-House and Culpeper.

Let Bayard amuse Ewell in front and on his (Ewell's) right flank with cavalry and watch closely every movement, reporting daily or oftener both to yourself and General Sigel. Hatch must move at once and with the utmost rapidity.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR WASHINGTON, VA., July 21, 1862-9 a. m.

Major General JOHN POPE:

The first report of Jackson's force at Louisa Court-House from General Hatch. It was reported among the people that a man named Whitlock had been sent toward Richmond two weeks since by General Geary, and returned while Hatch was near Madison and was taken up by his scouts. Whitlock left Richmond last Thursday; went by way of Lynchburg to Charlottesville into our lines. He says they refused to allow him to travel by Gordonsville, the road being used for troops. He is confident troops were sent from Richmond this way. At Charlottesville he heard Ewell was at Gordonsville. At Richmond it was the common impression that Jackson, with about 30,000, was on his route to Gordonsville. They did not talk at all of Jackson entering they valley again. His object was to threaten Washington, to draw troops from General McClellan, &amp;c. This is Whitlock's interpretation of opinion and information at Richmond. I think it is the substantiated authority for the report that Jackson was at Louisa Court-House. Whitlock seems a sensible and honest man, not pretending to know too much. General Greary says he is a reliable man. He was born in Connecticut, but has lived in Virginia. He brought paper of 17th, arriving here yesterday

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

