
General Sigel is at Sperryville, his advance at Woodwille, and his cavalry scourging east of Blue Ridge forward.

The enemy has not shown himself except by scouts. They are seen mostly in the neighborhood of the mountains.

General Hatch reports that Ewell is at Gordonsville, with 6,000 men. There is a cavalry force at Orange Court-House, as is reported by a prisoner captured yesterday, of one regiment and some straggling infantry; nothing further so far as we know. A man named Whitlock, living in Virginia, was sent to Richmond two weeks ago by General Geary. He returned yesterday by the way of Lynchburg and Charlottesville. He says the people at Richmond believed that Jackson was on his march in this direction with about 30,000 men, including Ewell's command; that he was not bound for the valley, but more in this direction. The railway men refused to pass him over the Gordonsville road, because it was wanted for troops. He heard and believed that Jackson was at Louisa Court-House and Ewell at Gordonsville; this from various sources which he cannot describe, but which produced conviction in his mind. This is about all we know of the enemy, except the daily contact with his scouts.

In obedience to instructions from General Pope, as well as in accordance with our feelings, I shall keep you posted upon the events of each day as they occur. The freshest created a great embarrassment, as it separated my command in the midst of a march. We have nearly overcome its inconveniences.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

SPERRYVILLE, July 21, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES:

The following shows the number, kind, and caliber of pieces of artillery of this corps: Thirteen 10-pounder Parrotts, eight 6-pounder Wiard steel, four 12-pounder Wiard steel, four 12-pounder brass howitzers, six 3-inch rifled, four 6-pounder brass rifled, ten 6-pounder brass smooth bore, two 6-pounder iron smooth bore, six 12-pounder mountain howitzers; total, fifty-seventh. Of these, there are 6-pounder brass smooth bore, two 6-pounder iron sooth bore at Winchester, in Brigadier-General Piatt's brigade, stationed there as garrison.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF VA., Washington, D. C., July 21, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL,Commanding First Corps d'Armee, near Sperryville, Va.:

Information has been received that a considerable force of troops of the enemy has passed up the Virginia Central Railroad toward Gordonsville. It is stated that their probable destination was Staunton; some believe it was Lynchburg. Push your cavalry out as far as possible toward Staunton. Sent out scouts and spies to ascertain if there is a considerable force of the enemy in the neighborhood of, or east of Staunton. Spare no expense in this regard. Keep these headquarter, fully advised of such information as you may be able to obtain.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

