
NORFOLK, VA., July 21, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have information direct from Richmond that Jackson's and Longstreet's forces left Richmond four days ago. They are detached from the rebel army for roving service.

EGBERT L. VIELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 10. Washington, July 21, 1862.

I. Captain Alexander Piper, Third Artillery, having reported for duty to Major-General Pope, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 167, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Officer, is announced as chief of artillery at these headquarters.

II. Hereafter no person will be allowed to visit Fredericksburg, Warrenton, or other places near the lines of this army except by authority direct from these headquarters. Passes for this purpose will only be granted to persons presenting proof of their loyalty to the United States, upon their giving full and satisfactory explanation of the nature and importance of the business requiring the journey.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, July 22, 1862.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

The orders to move the division from Warrenton to the crossing of the river on the way to Sperryville, except one regiment, have been received, and instructions given accordingly. I have just received the following dispatch from General Banks:

The division is prepared to leave immediately, but as the emergency does not seem to require it, I have given orders not to break the rest of the men and animals, but to have the march commanded after daybreak and breakfast in the morning. The troops can go easier and without loss of time, if the major-general commanding desires it.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 22, 1862-10.25 a. m.

Major General I. McDOWELL,Commanding Third Corps d'Armee, near Warrenton, Va.:

Direct an officer to examine the bridge over Hedgeman's River, on the road to Sperryville, and if it is not sufficiency strong or secure against freshest, please report the same to these headquarters.

Your dispatch acknowledging receipt of order to move to Hedgeman's River was received at 4 o'clock this morning. The emergency did not require a movement before daybreak.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

