
communication of the 21st instant and of your telegram of the same date.

I send here with a copy of a telegram from General King to General Pope,* giving a detail of his cavalry operations at and near Beaver Dam.

General Ricketts' division, except one regiment, marched this morning to take position on this side of Hedgeman's River, at the crossing of Sperryville road. I remain here for the present.

Will you please instruct General Hatch to report any operations of movements in front to me direct, so that I may receive intelligence at the earliest moment. My cavalry brigade is now under General Hatch, and I depend on him to a great extent to cover my front. Hence it is I make the request.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 22, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The following dispatch, just sent to Major-General Sigel, is forwarded for you information:

Major-General SIGEL,

First Army Corps:

Information has been received that a considerable force of troops of the enemy has passed up the Virginia Central Railroad toward Gordonsville. It is stated that their probable destination was Staunton. Some believe it was Lynchburg. Push your cavalry out as far as possible toward Staunton. Send out some scouts and spies to ascertain if there is a considerable force of the enemy in the neighborhood of Staunton or east of Staunton. Spare no expense in this regard. Keep these headquarters fully advised of such information as you may be able to obtain.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 22, 1862-11.30 a. m.

Major-General SIGEL,Sperryville:

Please acknowledge always the receipt of my dispatches and keep me advised daily. I hear from several directions that the enemy is assembling a large force at Staunton or Charlottesville. Use every possible means to find out if there is any large force in that direction. Communicate with me every day.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Pope to Banks, p. 490.

---------------

32 R R-VOL XII, PT III

