
of you. There is no doubt that a large force of the enemy is at Louisa Court-House, Gordonsville, and perhaps still farther west. Do you know what they are doing, and which way, if any, they are moving? There ought not to pass a day without your being advised of these movements through spies, scouts, and reconnaissances.

As I have heard nothing from you for a day or two on the subject, I presume you have no advises. You are in the presence of an active, vigilant enemy. Omit no precautions and spare no expense in keeping yourself constantly posted as to his movements.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 23, 1862-10.5 a. m.

Major-General McDOWELL,Warrenton:

I have cautioned Banks repeatedly about affairs in his front. There is no doubt that a large force of the enemy is at Louisa Court-House, Gordonsville, and perhaps farther west. Use your efforts through spies and scouts to watch these movements. They ought not be lost sight of a moment. As Banks has given no information for several days concerning them, I infer that he knows nothing. I hope you will use every means and spare no money to get information constantly and regularly from that direction.

Halleck arrived last night and I shall probable go to Warenton or beyond to-morrow.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENTON, July 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia, Washington:

I have snot heard from General Banks for two days. I have requested him to instruct General Hatch, who has command of the country in front of my Second Division, to inform me direct of everything going on in his front. General King is instructed in the most special manner to exhaust every means to obtain information of the enemy of the enemy at Louisa Court-House and Gordonsville. I will endeavor to find some one to go from this place. I am glad to hear you are coming. Shall a house be taken for you? Please make my regards to General Halleck and give him my congratulations.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Washington, July 23, 1862.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR; Have you yet considered the order I proposed to issue yesterday, which directs all male citizens living within the lines of the army

