
under my command and in the rear of it to be arrested?* Such as take the oath of allegiance and give sufficient security for its observance to be allowed to remain at home and pursue their accustomed avocations; such as do not, to be conducted South and put within the lines of the enemy, with a notification that if thereafter found within the lines or in the rear of the United States forces they will be considered and treated as spies.

I find it impossible to make any movement, however insignificant the force, without having it immediately communicated to the enemy. Constant correspondence, verbally and by letter, between the enemy's forces and the so-called peaceful citizens in the rear of this army, is carried on, which can in no other way be interrupted. A thousand open enemies cannot inflict the injury upon arms which can be done by one concealed enemy in our midst.

I have the honor, therefore, to ask your decision in the case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 23, 1862-11.48 a.m.

General PIATT, Winchester:

Your dispatches were received, and they are very satisfactory. I send you to-day the Ninth Vermont Regiment, 950 strong, as an addition to your force.

Push forward your as rapidly as you can. You may have to use them soon.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,July 23, 1862.

General JACOB D. COX,

Commanding Kanawha District, Flat Top Mountain, W. Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 22nd instant. I am very glad to learn your decision regarding Mr. Price, for I can assure you he is one of our most dangerous enemies. Captain Harrison can give you the particulars concerning him. My reasons for calling for re-enforcements were that the enemy with 8,000 or 10,000 troops could entirely surround me here before I could ascertain his force and cut off my retreat; whereas if I had another regiment he would not dare divide his force for fear of being taken in detail, thereby allowing me to retire before him.

If we were driven from here we could not make a stand this side of Mountain Cove, since the enemy could come in our rear by the old road at that point. Even then it is perfectly practicable for them to go to Gauley by the Wilderness road or via Huntersville. My reasons for thinking they would choose this route are that the resources of this

---------------

* See General Orders, No. 11, July 23, Part II, p. 52.

---------------

