
country would supply them with provisions to this place; consequently they would only have to transport from here to Gauley.

Please feel that under the circumstances I have not sufficient force here. This country, like most of Virginia, is full of roads, so that the enemy can get all around us with perfect ease.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FALMOUTH, July 24, 1862-1.30 p.m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Warrenton:

The cavalry I sent out on the Telegraph road Tuesday afternoon returned at 11 o'clock last night, having successfully accomplished their work. They attacked and defeated two bodies of Confederate cavalry, 200 or 300 strong, burnt one camp, and a quantity of corn, medicines, and other stores; broke up the telegraph line; chased the enemy to within a short distance of Hanover Junction, and brought in 3 prisoners, a number of horses, and sundry arms. We did not lose a man. The loss of the enemy was 3 killed and a dozen or move wounded.

Our people behaved admirably.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A cavalry expedition, sent out by General King on the 22nd from Fredericksburg, returned last evening. Early yesterday morning they met and defeated a body of Confederate cavalry about 100 strong, stationed near Carmel Church, on the Telegraph road from Fredericksburg to Richmond, burnt their camp and six cars loaded with corn, and broke up the telegraph from Gordonsville.

An hour later a large body of Stuart's cavalry came up to attack them. These, too, were defeated, driven across the North Anna River, and pursued till within sight of Hanover Junction. Several prisoners, a large number of horses, and many arms were brought back. A march of 70 miles and the encounter and defeat of two bodies of Confederate cavalry was accomplished in twenty-nine hours and without the loss of a man.

I have got received as yet the name of the commanding officer and troops who have thus distinguished themselves, but will transmit them to you as soon as particulars are received. The damage to the Virginia Central Railroad by the expedition of the 19th is not yet repaired.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

