
Let me hear from you frequently and fully by mounted messengers, especially if any large force is found in your front and threatens attack or pursuit.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, July 24, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER:

By permission of General Pope I have sent out a light column this p.m. in the direction of Orange Court-House and Gordonsville to ascertain if possible what force the enemy have there. I expect to hear from them by Saturday.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,July 24, 1862-8 p.m.

Major-General POPE:

Information was received by Colonel Donnelly, Fairfax [Culpeper], that the enemy was in force 3 miles beyond Pisgah Church. He sent out a force which returned at 12 last night. They went directly south, crossed the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford, drove the enemy's pickets in, and returned by the Stevensburg road. Contrabands said the ford had been picketed four days, and that Jackson's force were concentrating at Pisgah Church and at a point in Louisa County 20 miles south of Raccoon Ford.

Colonel Clark, aide-de-camp, reports that Jackson's force is probably behind the Rapidan, between Orange and Fredericksburg. His troops are said to have left the railroad at Louisa Court-House. Scouts were sent out to-day to learn their whereabouts. Will forward report. Cavalry scout ordered in that direction. Colonel Clark thinks, from reports and information at Culpeper, there is no danger of attack by enemy at present. All roads leading from enemy's position to Culpeper are very bad. Watch will be very strict on all his movements. General Hatch was at Madison at 10 a.m. yesterday; route lay to James City, north of Fox Mountain, &amp;c. No indication of enemy there. No further report of this movements.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 24, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, Sperryville,

Major-General BANKS, near Sperryville,

Major-General McDOWELL, Warrenton:

The order sent you a few days since requiring the seizure of horses, mules, and supplies in your vicinity, and especially in Culpeper County, is not intended to apply to the property of well-known Union citizens.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

