
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

No. 12. Washington, July 24, 1862.

Major Robert O. Selfridge, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the commanding general, in pursuance of Special Orders, No. 169, current, series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, July 25, 1862.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

Brigadier-General Bayard sends word from Culpeper that Jackson is at Louisa Court-House and Ewell at Gordonsville, with his advance at Liberty Mills. He does not say on what authority, if any, this statement is made, and I cannot say how much credit is to be given it. I send to Culpeper to-day to endeavor to obtain reliable information.

The sketch of the bridge over Hedegman's River, on Sperryville turnpike, goes to you by to-day's mail. It varies materially from the account I telegraphed you on the verbal report I received. Two of the interior spans at least should be trestle. I have a competent construction corps of mechanics and bridge-builders, who can commence work immediately if requested.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 25, 1862-1.15 p.m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

In order to cut off all communication between Fredericksburg and the South, I think that one brigade of infantry should be stationed on the other side of the river, a mile or two beyond the town, and the town itself placed in charge of the general of the brigade. My orders from General McDowell were to send no troops across the river except the pickets and patrols. These are not enough to put a stop to the communication. Am I authorized to move a brigade or a part of one across the river for the object stated?

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,July 25, 1862-8.30 p.m.

General McDOWELL, Warrenton:

The only movement of Jackson's forces which I apprehend is across the Rapidan between General King and the remainder of the army. It is possible from reports which reach me that he is moving forward toward

