
the Rapidan with that purpose. A mixed column of infantry, artillery, and cavalry marched yesterday from Fredericksburg toward Gordonsville, and if any such movement of Jackson is in progress it will probably be discovered by this force.

I sent you day before yesterday a full regiment of cavalry from this place; use them far to the front-if possible to the lower ford or bridge of the Rapidan-and use scouts and spies as far as possible on the south side of that river. I have sent similar instructions to General King.

Will be with you on Sunday or Monday.

JNO. POPE.

WARRENTON, July 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Two of the regiments of Carroll's brigade arrived by cars this p.m. The full regiment of cavalry you sent from Washington to me day before yesterday has not been heard from. To use it to the best advantage for the purpose you have in view it should go to the United States or Richard's Ford on the Rappahannock, and operate over Ely's Ford on the Rapidan, and I will send it there as soon as it comes to hand.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 25, 1862-6.45 p.m.

Major-General POPE, Washington:

Your dispatch is received.* We will continue to keep close watch of the fords near the forks of the Rapidan and Rappahannock, as well as of the roads in our front. Our cavalry patrols go out every day. If any such movement as you suggest is attempted we can hardly fail to get timely notice of it.

The expedition I sent out yesterday afternoon was 24 miles from here at 11 o'clock to-day, on the direct road to Orange Court-House and Gordonsville. Up to that time they had neither seen nor heard of any enemy. The advance will be in or close to Orange Court-House before daylight. We hope to obtain definite news there.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 25, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Second Army Corps, near Sperryville:

I must again ask your attention to the condition of affairs in your front and at Louisa Court-House. You should have reports at least once a day from your advance pickets. I desire to hear from you at least once a day. It will not do to trust anything to commanding officers of small detachments in front. You should send a staff officer who can be trusted to inspect your outposts at Madison and Culpeper and the

---------------

* See Pope to McDowell, 8.30 p.m.

---------------

