
rocky that a new route is impracticable, if time and men were at hand for the work.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 25, 1862-12.10 p.m.

Major-General SIGEL, Sperryville:

I gave positive orders that all supplies should be brought from Warrenton. Please inform me whether there has been any departure from this order in your command, and, in particular, whether any trains for your command have pursued, or are pursuing, the road by Front Royal and Winchester.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 25, 1862-12.49 p.m.

Major-General BANKS,

Near Sperryville:

Your dispatch in regard to capture of a train between Front Royal and Winchester surprises me. What train was pursuing that road and who sent it? My orders were positive for all supplies to be brought from Warrenton.

Allow no trains whatever to travel that road. Your supplies are at Warrenton and nowhere else. If the timid colonel at Front Royal is afraid of mounted bushwhackers or any sort of cavalry, when he is intrenched, with 400 men and a battery of artillery and the whole army in his front, for Heaven's sake send some one to replace him. There is not an infantry soldier of the enemy north of Harrisonburg. Please furnish me with the name of the officer who has ventured to disobey my positive orders in this way.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAT TOP MOUNTAIN, July 25, 1862.

No. 9.]

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Army of Virginia, Washington:

I hear by telegraph that the small post at Summerville was attacked at daybreak this morning by the rebels, and most of the garrison, 200 in number, taken. I do not yet credit it, as such a surprise would look like neglect on the part of the officer in command-Lieutenant-Colonel Starr, Ninth Virginia. I sent a regiment to re-enforce the garrison at Gauley Bridge, where our chief depot is, and ordered parties forward at once to Summerville. I send also two companies to Guyandotte, where there is fear of guerrillas. Small parties of the rebels are active on all sides just now, and I am keeping detachments equally busy.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

