
WARRENTON, July 26, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia, Washington:

Six companies of the Sixth New York Cavalry arrived here this morning, under orders from General Sturgis to report to the commanding officer at this place. The two remaining companies are behind with the baggage and are expected to-night. General Tyler's brigade arrived here by rail this morning, under orders to report to General Banks. They will go forward as soon as transportation is provided. The full regiment of cavalry your ordered to me from Washington I hear is on the way.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 26, 1862-8.45 a.m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

General orders, of date July 23, directing arrest of all disloyal male citizens, has reached us through the newspapers, but not otherwise, and creates great excitement in Fredericksburg, where nearly the whole population is disloyal. I anticipate a pretty general stampede from there. Is it expected that I shall put the order in force at once in that town? I have not yet heard from you about sending a brigade of infantry across the river to cut off all communication south.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 26, 1862-9 p.m.

Major-General POPE, Washington:

I have heard from our expedition up to 4 p.m. They have got within 23 miles of here. The enemy pursued vigorously and in force for some miles, charging our rear guard twice, but being repulsed and driven back with loss in both cases. General Gibbon did not expect to be further molested. The only man hurt on our side was one of the Indiana cavalry, who was thrown his horse.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,July 26, 1862.

Brigadier General S. W. CRAWFORD:

DEAR SIR: Your dispatches received this morning at 5.30 a.m.* We wait anxiously to hear from General Hatch. Please forward all information you can obtain. Your dispatches will be more explicit if the hour is stated. I observe the time of leaving is noted, but envelopes are sometimes easily lost or mislaid. Remember we have an active and while enemy in our front, much encouraged by his success, which

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

