
are the result of his own freedom of action and our restraints as much or move than the river vigor activity of his troops. We can receive nothing with credit but that which we see and know for themselves, when it relates to the enemy in front of us. It is necessary therefore that the utmost caution and vigilance should be exercised to guard against unexpected attacks. The responsibility for a failure will be upon us, however much it may be beyond our power to guard fully against surprise. We must compensate by our activity and penetration for the impenetrability of the people among who we are thrown-half enemies, half friends, receiving injuries, hoping favors.

Major-General Pope suggests that I send a staff officer to the front, and Colonel Clark will leave this morning for your post. He has great aptitude for the acquisition of intelligence and the management of scouts, and I have charged him with this duty. You will please assist him as far as it may be in your power.

The uncertainty that rests upon our movements prevents my sending Best's battery to your command.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENTON, July 27, 1862.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

The officer whom I sent to Culpeper Court-House returned to-day, having left at 2 p.m. Everything was quiet when he left. From the best information he could gather the mass the enemy was at Pisgah Church, Orange Court-House, Liberty Mills, and Gordonsville, with a force at Standardsville, occupying in fact the right bank of the Rapidan, between Stanardsville and Raccoon Ford. What full regiment of cavalry is it that has been ordered to join me, as directed by General Pope? The last two companies of the Sixth New York Cavalry, making eight in all, and the baggage, got here to-day.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Opposite Fredericksburg, July 27, 1862.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK:

GENERAL: In order more effectually to carry out the orders from headquarters Army of Virginia, prohibiting all intercourse, except through the military authorities, between Fredericksburg and points farther south, I desire that you will move two of your regiments to the other side of the river, stationing them at the most eligible points outside the town, and placing the other two regiments of your brigade within convenient supporting distance on this side of the Rappahannock. You will yourself make your headquarters in Fredericksburg, and assume control and authority there as military governor of the town and vicinity.

Should you need one or more companies of cavalry for patrol or other duty they will be furnished at your request.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

