
Ashby), with two or three regiments of cavalry, was at Orange; Ewell with a force of all arms 3 miles beyond, and others of Jackon's troops strung along toward Madison Court-House for several miles, variously estimated at 30,000 and 20,000. General Hatch expresses the opinion if the enemy moves upon us it will be by a cavalry raid. He represents that they have some 4,000 cavalry near Gordonsville. This he gathered from report of people and contrabands.

The Signal Corps completed their communication with Culpeper last night. I am grateful that your supervision is so thorough and your reports so frequent. It is necessary that the utmost possible vigilance should be exercised to prevent a surprise by the enemy. Your measures seem to be well taken and executed. I await anxiously for explanation of the occasion of the signal gun.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, July 27, 1862.

General COX:

I have a communication from Buffalo I wish you to have, viz:

BUFFALO, July 27, -.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN:

The brothers Jenkins are now at home. Secessionists are much excited, and threat ening Lieutenant Watterson, commissioned by Governor Peirpoint. He states that threats are being made daily by the rebels that now is their time to do mischief; that the Yankees must go up. Jenkins was on his place and also his brother Jeff. Several of their men had not been seen since the beginning of the war are at home, threatening their neighborhood. Buffalo is threatened, so is Gallipolis and Point Pleasant. The rebels here are jubilant. Can you send a company, and we will raise what men can to help them? It now requires concert of action or all we have is lost. The leading rebels who have been leading should be arrested as hostages and their property taken as security.

Lieutenant Watterson says he can prove the above by proper witnesses. The picnic of which I informed Lieutenant Russell took place Tuesday.

Respectfully,

NARE.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN.

FLAT TOP, July 27, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Charleston:

Who are the Jenkinses Dr. Nare refers to? If they are at A. G. Jenkins' place, near Guyandotte, your two companies there ought to catch them; but I do not believe they are there at all.

I will order a company of cavalry down to you. Your detachments must all be kept busy, and not remain quiet in such posts as Chapmanville, Guyandotte, &amp;c., but keep so active that they will know everything going on within 30 miles of them. Send smaller detachments to Buffalo, Ripley, and other places to show that we are alive, and let it be everywhere understood distinctly that the secessionists of the neighborhood will be held responsible for mischief done by guerrillas, both in property and person. If persons are threatening, arrest them promptly and keep them confined at Charleston till they can give good security for their behavior; activity, energy, and, if need be, severity must be

33 R R-VOL XII, PT III

