
and pride upon my association with you in the defense of the Potomac, and both work and hope earnestly for the entire success of your long-matured and now daily developing plans.

With much respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

The death of Colonel Holiday was very sudden and very sad. He appeared greatly depressed when here about the condition of his regiment, which was then at Strasburg. He spoke upon no other subject while here. His officers say he had been nearly insane for three weeks, and attribute his depression of spirits to personal disappointments not connected with his profession. I do not know how this may be. His death occurred near Strasburg, while he was near the head of his column. He shot himself in the head, and died without a word. His body has been sent, with appropriate attentions, to his friends in New York.

N. P. BANKS.

WHEELING, April 6.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Milroy with his advance has occupied Fort Alleghany in person. No enemy in Huntersville or Monterey. Appears retreating to Shenandoah Mountain. Will you have detailed to me Lieutenant George L. Robinson, whose name I gave you as well acquainted with certain localities? His regiment may move.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

(Similar dispatch to General Banks.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 6, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

Your telegram received. I am gratified to hear that your forces are in motion. I hope soon to hear that the rebels are driven from your district or captured. McClellan has advanced on Yorktown. Banks is rapidly getting into position. Blenker's force is moving toward Harper's Ferry. McDowell will immediately move on the Rappahannock.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 6, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY,

Camp Alleghany:

Occupy Monterey or some point west of it, where you can maintain yourself against superior forces, and guard the roads, concentrating at Monterey. General Schenck has been ordered to advance from Romney and Moorefield to operate on the road leading by Elkhorn to Frank-

