
two corporals and four privates of the Ira Harris [Fifth New York] Cavalry brought in. They had given themselves up and sold their horses and arms for $170 apiece in Confederate money. They were then paroled. Our scout was taken prisoner, brought up before General Robertson, and released on parole. He reached Gordonsville yesterday noon. He does not think the enemy intend going in this direction or Warrenton.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Meadow Bluff, July 29, 1862.

General JACOB D. COX, Commanding:

Yours of 28th just received. I have the honor to report 3 deserters came from Union to-day; they left there Sunday; they corroborate the rumor that the forces there intend making a general move very soon, but did not know where; think they intend going to lower end of the county. I think they have given up idea of attacking me since the Ninth joined; I will not take it for granted, however. What I meant by permission, was to attack them their headquarters, since skirmishing around their outposts only makes them worse. I have only about 200 effective cavalry and they have 800, and their horses are so much superior to ours, or I could have overtaken their raid from Summerville. They keep constantly shifting their forces, so I have to move on sudden information. I don't think their force in my front is as great as it was. I learn that a band of guerrillas is forming in Wyoming County to go over to Parkersburg.

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

July 30, 1862-10 a.m.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM:

Major-General Pope desires to know at what time you will have the railroad in running order from Warrenton Junction to Culpeper. Please answer at once. Upon this answer depends his orders for a movement.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 31, 1862-8.40 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received from Governor F. Peirpoint at Wheeling the following, viz:

There is an actual necessity of three regiments from Grafton to Clarksburg at this time. There is danger in that direction, coming from Staunton.

I have no regiments to spare.

JOHN W. WOOL,

Major-General.

