HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,July 30, 1862-8.20 a.m.

General CRAWFORD:

Your dispatch of last night received. I fear our troops do not press their reconnaissance beyond the Rapidan. That should be done at once. The withdrawal of the rebels from Orange places us at a disadvantage in getting information which should be compensated by pushing our investigations toward them. Preceded by scouts a reconnaissance will be safe and should be pressed. Its results will be important. The scout you propose via Luray would do well. Its danger is that it is so long a trip that opportunity os offered to cut off the troops on return. This guarded against, it will do well. I am anxious to hear from the army of the enemy. There is no general news of importance. Our men are suffering here from typhoid fever very much.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

As the enemy fall back we should press on to them.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton, July 30, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Reports from several different sources represent the enemy to be leaving Richmond and crossing James River, with their heavy artillery. Enemy gradually withdrawing in front of me. I am pushing forward strong reconnaissance to Gordonsville to-day and will go forward to the front to-morrow, and advance whole force to line of Rapidan as fast as practicable. It seems to be understood that the enemy will draw back to Danville and Lynchburg.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 31, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Warrenton, Va.:

The evacuation may be only a trick; take care and not be caught in the trap. I have directed General McClellan to push forward a sufficient force to ascertain the facts.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,July 31, 1862-10 a.m.

Brigadier General S. W. CRAWFORD,

Commanding at Culpeper, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Thanks for your dispatches. I fear are holding off from the outposts of the enemy too much. Press him closely by our

