
with the Fifth New York and First Vermont Cavalry. We had quite a little affair with the enemy, in which we lost several mean killed and had other wounded. We killed some 13 to 15 of them, wounded a considerable number, and have over 50 prisoners.

Two regiments were at the town. I cut the telegraph and had some of the track destroyed. A regiment, the Sixth Virginia, were expected every moment, and before we left the cheering was heard announcing their arrival. They think you are in force. Jackson was on that side; he has withdrawn his forces to Mechanicsburg [?]. A. P. Hill arrived yesterday with 10,000 infantry. I intended to have gone through Orange and joined you, but the fear of leaving the fords on the river unprotected finally decided the question.

I am very tired and will write in the morning.

Very truly, yours,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

FALMOUTH, August 2, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

A scout whom I sent out on Thursday returned this morning. He went through Louisa Court-House and to within 2 or 3 miles of Gordonsville. There was but one regiment aft the Court-House, and Jackson's force in Gordonsville and vicinity does not, he thinks, exceed 15,000. The traffic on the Central Railroad is interrupted-the trains running very irregularly. No troops have passed over the road for several days.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 15. Near Sperryville, Va., August 2, 1862.

No officer of this army shall have any communication with the heads of the departments of the army, the commander-in-chief, or any other army official at Washington, except through the proper military channels.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Numbers 31. Near Washington, Va., August 2, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General buford will proceed at once to the front and assume command of all the cavalry of Major-General Banks' corps d'armee. This cavalry will be under his exclusive command, subject only to the orders of the officer commanding the Second Army corps and to those of the major-General commanding the Army of Virginia.

General Buford will take post at Madison Court-House with his command, throwing to the front, at least as far as Stanardsville and the line of the Rapidan, the necessary outposts and pickets, and keeping his pickets constantly in contact with those of the enemy. A brigade of infantry will be established from 3 to 5 miles in his rear on the Sper-

