
ryville road. He will keep the commander of that brigade constantly advised of what occurs in front of him. He will communicate at least once a day with the major-general commanding the army corps to which he belongs. The country which he is required to overlook will extend from the east side of Swift Run Gap, along the Rapidan River, to the point where the pike from Madison Court-house to Gordonsville crosses the river.

Brigadier-General Bayard will assemble the whole of the cavalry force of the Third Army Corps which he brought with him and will himself take immediate command of it, subject only to the orders of the general commanding his corps and of the major-general commanding the Army of Virginia, to both of whom he will report at least once each day. He will take post with the whole of his command at a point near the railroad and at least 5 miles south of Culpeper Court-house, throwing out his advanced posts and pickets as far as the line of the Rapidan, and keeping the country covered from the point where the pike from Madison court-House to Gordonsville crosses the Rapidan to a point at least 5 miles east of the railroad crossing of that river, being careful to establish strong pickets at every ford. He will keep up constant communication with Brigadier-General Buford at Madison Court-House, and advise him of everything of importance.

The brigade under brigadier-General Crawford will remain posted at Culpeper Court-House.

Brigadier-General Bayard, without being at all under the command of Brigadier-General Crawford, will keep him advised of all matters of interest in front.

Major-General Sigel, commanding the First Army Corps, will detail and post the brigade hereinbefore designated in some strong position between 2 and 5 miles north of Madison Court-House. The two brigades of infantry at Culpeper Court-House and north of Madison Court-House are posted merely as supports to the cavalry in their front, and their commanding officers will be responsible that they are not subjected to any unnecessary alarm whatever. The commanders of the cavalry in their front will keep the brigade commanders constantly advised of any movement of the enemy in sufficient time to make every necessary preparation of defense. Whenever it may be necessary to concentrate these forces, or any portion of them, the senior officer present will assume command thereof, in accordance with the Regulations of the Army and irrespective of the provisions of this order.

The wagons and supplies for the commands of General Bayard and Buford will be kept with the respective infantry brigades in their rear, and no grater amount of supplies for either infantry or cavalry than can be carried off with their transportation will be kept on hand.

The headquarters of the Army of Virginia are established, until further orders, with those of the Second Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 3, 1862-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The reconnoitering column, under General Crawford, crossed the Rapidan, and pushed forward to Orange Court-House yesterday and

