
took possession of the town, which was occupied by two regiments of the enemy's cavalry, under General Robertson. Eleven of the enemy were killed and 52 taken prisoners. Among the latter, 1 major, 2 captains, and 2 lieutenants. Our loss was 2 killed and 3 wounded.

The enemy retired in such haste as to leave their wounded in our hands. The railroad and the telegraph line between Orange Court-House and Gordonsville were destroyed.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 3, 1862-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy is in considerable force at and south of Gordonsville, though not so strong, I think, as was supposed. When will the railroad bridge across the Rappahannock, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, be completed? I shall move forward the whole of my command as soon as this is done to the line of the Rapidan.

It is reported by the prisoners captured that the bulk of Jackson's force, with 10,000 men under Hill, is at Mechanicsburg [?], southwest of Louisa Court-House. I shall know certainly in the course of the night, as there are scouts and reconnoitering parties out on both flanks.

Unless the enemy is heavily re-enforced from Richmond I shall be in possession of Gordonsville and Charlottesville within ten days.

Do you get further news of the enemy around Richmond? I go to Sperryville to-morrow morning. Sigel is still out in force toward Stanardsville.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, VA.,

August 3, 1862-9.45 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

How soon will you be able to start with your command from Warrenton and Sulphur Springs to pass the Rappahannock and march to Culpeper? I wish you to move as soon as possible, as the movements of the other army corps wait on yours. Have you heard further of the pontoon train that was coming from New York for you? Please answer.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Sulphur Springs, August 3, 1962-11.30 p. ml.

Major-General POPE, Little Washington:

Ricketts' division, at Waterloo, is ready to march at once. Carroll's brigade has not yet received its transportation for its ten days' rations, and has sufficient for only five days. The remainder can be here, the quartermaster says, by to-morrow night, or can be taken from the supply train of the depot quartermaster at Warrenton.

Batteries A and B, Virginia Artillery, and Clark's battery not fit

