
for service. Have given orders for the amalgamation of the Virginia batteries, but cannot count on them being ready. The bridge over the Rappahannock at this place is not built, the wire rope being three days on the way from Washington here. The bridge can be finished in two days after the wire is received. The stream, however, can at this time be passed, though the ford is deep and the water may come into the wagon-boxes. The pontoon train has arrived at Washington and is being discharged from shipboard.

To sum up, Ricketts can go at once with his ten days', Carroll at once with five days', leaving his other five under guard at this place; the batteries referred to not to be counted upon.

You speak of moving troops from Warrenton. Shall the regiment now there be moved before the railroad bridge is completed and the depot there is broken up?

IRVIN MCDOWELL.
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION,Fredericksburg, August 3, 1862-11 p. m.

Major-General POPE, Washington:

Your dispatch is just received. I will send out two cavalry expeditions to-morrow toward the Central Railroad and support them with infantry and artillery. I think that we can break up Hanover Junction with but little risk.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Sperryville, August 3, 1862.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

The following dispatch from General King has just been received, sent me by General McDowell:

William Bishop, who has been employed for more than a year past at the Tredegar Iron Works, left Richmond yesterday morning and arrived here to-day on his way to Baltimore, where he used to reside. He came along the railroad. He saw no troops except a few cavalry at Hanover Station. Re-enforcements keep coming into Richmond from the South, and large numbers have been sent to Jackson in the vicinity of Gordonsville and beyond.

He gave some interesting information about Richmond, the prices there, and the ordnance manufactured at the Tredegar Iron Works, of which a full report will be sent you by mail. He thinks Jackson is to attack Pope, and will have all the troops he wants for the purpose.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

AQUIA, August 4, 1862-7 a. m.

(Received 8.10 a. m.)

General HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

Arrived here last night with the advance of my command, and will commence landing at once and proceed to Falmouth. Whole command

