
will probably be the by to-morrow night. Will I need more definite instructions?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Fredericksburg, Va., August 4, 1862-1 p. m.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

I have made the arrangements for the expedition ordered by the general commanding. They start to-night and the supporting column in the morning. They will endeavor to strike at two points.

General burnside, with his advance, arrived at Aquia last night and is expected here to-day. The mechanic from the Tredegar Iron Works will go to Washington by first train.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Similar dispatch to McDowell.)

WARRENTON SPRINGS, August 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING, Falmouth:

The major-general commanding has seen your dispatch of 1 p. m. to-day, and he directs that as soon as General Burnside shall have arrived at Aquia you draw in all your command form that place to Falmouth.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON SPRINGS, August 4, 1862.

General RICKETTS,

Commanding Division, Waterloo, Va.:

GENERAL: March with the whole of your division, except the garrison at Warrenton, early to-morrow morning toward Culpeper Court-House, going for the first day to the best camping ground between the village of Jefferson and the crossing of Eastham River.

General Pope states that the troops which garrison Warrenton will be relieved at an early day and will join the corps to which they belong.

The headquarters of the corps will remain here all day to-morrow. As soon, therefore, as you get into camp report the fact to this place, stating the precise position you occupy with the different parts of your division. Carroll's brigade moves from this place to-morrow, and will go to the Eastham River, where it comes under your orders.

Major Houston, of the Engineers, states the distance between your camp and Jefferson as 11 miles, and that you can find good water at convenient distances between that place and Eastham River.

Start early and give stringent orders against straggling. Draw in all

34 R R-VOL XII, PT III

