
lin, in connection with the movement of General Banks up the valley of the Shenandoah.

J. C. FREMONT.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 6, 1862.

Brigadier General J. D. COX, Charleston:

Thirty or forty bushwhackers destroyed the wires at Bulltown yesterday and killed a courier. Order a detachment from Sutton to that place; arrest all persons in or about Sutton or Bulltown suspected of aiding the bushwhackers in any way and send them to Wheeling.

Have all letters in the post-offices at Sutton and Bulltown examined for proofs of participation.

J. C. FREMONT.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA, Charleston, April 6, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your telegraphic orders of yesterday to move part of my division forward, I have ordered Colonel Scammon to unite the Twenty-third and Thirtieth Ohio and McMullin's battery and a company of cavalry at Raleigh Court-House, and thence to take such force as may be necessary to Flat Top Mountain, endeavoring to control the whole of Mercer County this side of Princeton and the mouth of Blue Stone. I have ordered half of Bolles' Second Virginia Cavalry from Guyandotte to Raleigh to act under Colonel Scammon's orders. I have ordered the Thirty-fourth Ohio, Colonel Piatt, from Gauley Bridge to Fayette to take the place of the Thirtieth, advanced.

If it meets your approval, I design to leave the care of the lower part of this valley and the line of the Ohio to the three Virginia regiments, and to concentrate the Ohio troops of my command in the neighborhood of Gauley Bridge and Fayette Court-House as soon as the roads will give us the assurance of being able to supply them without fail. There is a new regiment (Colonel Trimble's) at Gallipolis, which might be divided so as to take the Point Pleasant post as well as Gallipolis, releasing the Eleventh Ohio, which might then move up to the front. Colonel Trimble has not as yet reported to me, and I have not been sure whether he was within my district or even in the old Department of Western Virginia.

A battalion of Colonel Crook's regiment has been ordered from Summerville to Sutton, in obedience to directions received from you yesterday by telegraph.

I would respectfully suggest the propriety of immediately extending the telegraph from Fayette to Raleigh.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[APRIL 6, 1862.-For Barton S. Alexander to John G. Barnard, in reference to fortification of Manassas, see Series I, Vol. V, p. 65.]

