
your estafettes. continue your march the second day for Culpeper, posting your troops outside of the town.

By order of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 4, 1862-4.45 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

The railroad bridge over the Rappahannock on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad will be completed on Friday. I desire you to commence your movements upon Culpeper Court-House with Ricketts' division and Carroll's brigade immediately. The movement of the other two corps cannot begin until you reach Culpeper. Notify me as soon as you approach within a dya's march of that place, and move forward as rapidly as possible. A regiment will be sent from here as railroad guard between Catlett's Station and Culpeper Court-House. As soon as it reaches Warrenton you will draw your regiment from that place and unite it with its proper brigade. You will halt at Culpeper Court-House until you receive further orders.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Sulphur Springs, Warrenton, August 4, 1862.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, near Washington, Va.:

Ricketts' division, and excepting the garrison of Warrenton, including Carroll's brigade, have been ordered to march early to-morrow morning, and will go to a point between Jefferson and Eastham River. They are directed to resume the march next morning for Culpeper Court-House, where they will arrive on Wednesday, the 6th instant.

My headquarters will be here all day to-morrow; next day at Culpeper Court-House.

A letter intercepted by General King from a Captain Mason, of the secession army, to his wife states as follows:

Our division [understood to be Field's] has just received orders to march to the valley of Virginia to join Jackson, and I write you this hurried letter with the hope that through some source it may reach you. General Pope has collected a large army up in that region, and we in all likelihood will give him battle soon after reaching our destination, and, if successful, will march in the direction of the Federal capital.*

I am informed by one of my staff that difficulties are made by the railroad agent in Alexandria about his passing from Washington this way without a pass from General Pope. I beg to suggest that orders be given to permit all officers and soldiers on their way to join their stations to pass without hinderance.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

---------------

*Copy sent General Halleck by General Pope.

---------------

