
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 4, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Aquia Creek, Va.:

I have directed General Pope to leave General King's cavalry and artillery with you for the present. General Meigs will send you wagons as rapidly as possible. Your present object will be to hold the Rappahannock between Fredericksburg and General Pope's command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEAR SPERRYVILLE, VA.,

August 4, 1862-8 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army:

There are several field batteries at Washington, and some 3,000 cavalry-some of the best cavalry we have. Enough batteries and cavalry might be sent from Washington to General burnside to relieve King's artillery and cavalry and allow it to accompany his division.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Washington, August 4, 1862-9 p. m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Care of General Halleck:

Was my dispatch to General Halleck in regard to the affair at Orange Court-House [received]? If it was, I think it well that, for several reasons, it be sent to the Associated Press.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 4, 1862-5 p. m.

General RUFUS KING:

What is the best and safest way for you to move with your whole command to the crossing of the Rapidan by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, so as to unite at that point with the other division of your army corps, which will be there within five days, in consequence of the presence of the enemy aft and around Gordonsville?

It may be prudent to cross to the north side of the Rapidan 10 or 15 miles east of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad crossing. You had best, therefore, get all information concerning the fords and crossing places in that neighborhood.

Keep your command in readiness to move at the shortest notice, as you will probably do so immediately after your expedition to Hanover has returned.

Brigadier-General Doubleday's brigade will be assigned to your division. You will notify him accordingly to be in readiness to move.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

