
The First Corps pushes forward a brigade and battery to the North Fork of Rapidan, near Stanardsville, occupying a strong position behind that stream.

The cavalry of the First Corps will be posted on the west side of the Blue Ridge, on the road (macadamized) from Madison Court-House to Columbia Bridge (Rockingham), on the Shenandoah, picketing the valley as far south as possible. The cavalry of the Second Corps (six regiments) will be massed at Stanardsville, pushing forward strong pickets to the front.

The cavalry of the Third corps will be massed in like manner at the point where the pike from Madison Court-House to Gordonsville crosses the Rapidan, with at least one regiment at the railroad crossing of that river, to patrol the country toward the south.

The position along Robertson's River is strong and easily defensible, n case the enemy assembles a superior force before he can be dealt with. The purpose is to make a considerable demonstration from Stanardsville upon the enemy's rear at Charlottesville, so as to make Gordonsville untenable and force him either to fall back upon Charlottesville and abandon the Central Railroad east, detach so large a force from Gordonsville as to make that place weak, or advance upon our position, where he would fight at great disadvantage and with a difficult river in his rear. I do not speak of the probability of his falling back along the Central Railroad, as I have dispatched several strong expeditions from Fredericksburg, which I hope will destroy that road at Hanover Junction and several points west. With the large force of cavalry at my disposition I can easily make the position at Gordonsville untenable, as the enemy cannot confront it with cavalry nor detach so large a force as will be necessary to protect his communications without dangerously weakening himself at Gordonsville.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Washington, Va., August 5, 1862.

General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed to communicate that the major-general commanding the Army of Virginia has ordered this command to move to-morrow to some point near Hazel River, on the pike between Sperryville and Culpeper, and there encamp until further orders.

The general commanding the corps directs that your division by put in motion at 4 a. m. to-morrow. The batteries will follow the brigades to which they belong. The train will follow in rear of the division.

General Augur's division will be directed to move as soon as yours shall have taken up the line of march.

The general commanding the corps leaves to your judgment the selection of a camp for your command, which must, however, leave sufficient room on your left to encamp General Augur's division.

If there be a sufficient amount of transportation the knapsacks may be carried in wagons, the men reserving their blankets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

