HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Washington, Va., August 5, 1862.

General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed to communicate that the major-general commanding the Army of virginia has ordered this command to move to-morrow to some point near Hazel River, on the pike between Sperryville and Culpeper, and the encamp until further orders.

General Williams has been ordered to march at a. m. to-morrow, and the general commanding the corps directs that you put your division in motion as soon as General Williams' command has taken up the line of march. The batteries will follow the brigades to which they belong. The train will follow in rear of the division.

If there be a sufficient amount of transportation the knapsacks may be carried in wagons, the men reserving their blankets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Sperryville, August 5, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have telegraphed General King, and wish you also to learn whether his (King's) command can cross at Germanna Mills, so as to unite with you at Culpeper. As soon, therefore, as you get to Culpeper ascertain whether that ford or any other east of Raccoon Ford and the road leading to the fords are practicable for the purpose.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Sulphur Springs, August 5, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Washington, Va.:

I have just examined a late employe in the Tredegar Iron Works at Richmond, whom I had sent up from Fredericksburg. He is an intelligent person. He reports, on the authority of his fellow-workmen who live on the Central road, that large re-enforcements all last week, and particularly about the middle of it, went up the railroad to join Jackson. Four or five trains here every night; that public attention in Richmond is now mostly turned upon Jackson and Pope.

On the subject of the evacuation of Richmond, you may recollect you heard this was taking place as early as July 31. He left August 2 and nothing of the kind was then going on; heard of no general sickness. The two bridges are repaired over the South Anna. He came in the cars to Hanover Junction.

I have just received full accounts through General King of the fords and roads of the Lower Rapidan and North Fork of the Rappahannock. Confirming my telegram of this morning, the commander of the cavalry at Rappahannock Station reports to me that the bridge at that place will be finished to-night.

