
the Mississippi, and will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Pope, in the Army of Virginia.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH COURT-HOUSE, August 5, 1862.

G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Captain Moritz returned yesterday evening with Company B, of the Thirty-seventh Regiment, from Richmond's Ferry, and reports the following:

From Raleigh a pretty good wagon road leads across Piney Creek, along the mouth of Glades Creek, and along the left bank of New River, to Richmond's Ferry. It is the same road on which Floyd (rebel general) last autumn had advanced and retreated. On his way Captain Moritz met with citizens from New River, who told him that the night before (August 1) rebel scouts had taken two Union men from their houses near Richmond's Ferry. In consequence of this he hastened to arrive at this place, where he arrived the evening of August 2. He found there a Home Guard, said to be about 48 men strong, and commanded by Mr. James Richmond, son of Samuel Richmond, but indifferently armed and badly provided with ammunition.

Scouting parties who the next day crossed New River could not detect any trace of the enemy, who is said to be commanded by William Thurman, of Fayette County, and who probably came from Monroe County over Keeney's Knob to Lick Creek, retreating on the same way. Richmond's Ferry is destroyed, but 2 1/2 miles below this place, opposite Thomas Wagner's farm, there is a good flat, fordable at low water.

Mr. Samuel Richmond was personally here to-day, commanding assistance, if necessary. He says that the Thirty-sixth Regiment Virginia (rebels) were at or near Red Sulphur, having orders to move toward the Meadows. This, however, is but a rumor. Distance from Raleigh to Richmond's Ferry, 22 miles.

E. SIBER,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

GENERAL POPE'S HEADQUARTERS,

Near Sperryville, August 6, 1862-8 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I desire to move General King's division from Fredericksburg to Culpeper to-morrow morning, by the plank road between those places, which crosses the Rapidan at Germanna Mills. The cavalry of that division is the very best I have; in fact the only good cavalry in this army. Cannot this cavalry at least be replaced by one of the regiments now in Washington doing police duty, so that King's cavalry can march with him?

I would be glad to know also when I may expect his batteries to join him. He has four. Are they all wanted by General Burnside? Please let me know to-day, if possible, that I may give the necessary instructions.

