
direction to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and belong properly to that line of defense. The brigade at Winchester I am very desirous to have join its division, and General Wool has a number of regiments at Harper's Ferry and other points on that line protected by Winchester. Cannot three regiments from General Wool's command be ordered to Winchester to hold it, and the brigade be relieved to join its division in this army?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Culpeper Court-House, August 6, 1862.

Colonel DUFFIE,

First Rhode Island Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will take a position with your regiment on the road leading hence to Raccoon Ford, at a point from 5 to 8 miles from this place. You will observe well all the roads which lead from that road out to the west, throwing your pickets well out on them, as well as down to Raccoon Ford, which you will occupy. Search the left of Bayard's line of pickets and join on to it. Establish a line of estafettes between Raccoon Ford and this place, and report daily to these headquarters whether anything of moment occurs or not. The general relies on your activity.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,August 6, 1862.

GENERAL: General Bayard is encamped on the Madison road, leading from Culpeper past Colvin's tavern to the forks of Robertson's and Crooked Rivers, 2 miles this side of the forks and about 10 miles from here. I had an interview with him here last night.

I beg to inform you that our immediate front is uncovered by cavalry, the fords unguarded, and but 12 vedettes in advance of the infantry pickets to-night. Raccoon, Somerville, and the Rapidan Fords, are within 10 miles of our position.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Flat Top Mountain, August 6, 1862.

Colonel A. MOOR,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: Colonel Scammon has a report that there is a demonstration being made by the enemy upon Major Comly's command at Pack's Ferry. This made by intended to cover an advance by the Princeton road, and it will be well to take the precaution of having the road carefully patrolled well to the front. Send some infantry and cavalry, with orders to keep you thoroughly informed of every movement on the road.

