
performing the duty designated in my letter to you of this morning, Colonel Allen, of the First Maine Cavalry, has been instructed to attend to it.

Colonel Duffie has through mistake gone to the Rapidan crossing, and will be on your left, but nearer than was intended. Join on to his line of pickets.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, August 7, 1862.

Colonel ALLEN,

Commanding First Maine Cavalry:

SIR: You will take a position with your regiment on the road leading hence to Raccoon Ford, at a point from 5 to 8 miles from this place. You will observe well all the toads which lead from that road out to the west, throwing your pickets well out on them as well as down to Raccoon Ford, which you will occupy.

Search the left of Colonel Duffie's line of pickets and join on to it. Establish a line of estafettes between Raccoon Ford and this place, and report daily to these headquarters whether anything of moment occurs or not.

Very respectfully,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Copy sent to General Ricketts.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp ten miles below Culpeper, August 7, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy are driving in my pickets. An expressman has just reported. The commanding officer has drawn in his pickets about 1 1/2 miles. They think a few of G company men are captured. It is needless again to report that it is impossible to hold the line I am ordered with my present effective force. I have picket-men on duty who have been on post for four days, and the horses are used up by frequent and almost constant scouting.

I rode along the whole line to-day, and was more than ever convinced that unless General Buford sent his pickets down to meet mine the line could not be held. I sent an officer and 6 men to Madison to-day to communicate with him, and will myself be in the saddle early to-morrow morning and be along the line, and, if possible, drive back the enemy.

Captain Gaston, commanding Company I, has not yet reported. I sent him out to patrol one of the many roads to Madison Court-House leading to Barnett's Ford.

I have received your order to establish estafettes along the road. That means couriers, does it not? Excuse my ignorance, but I have

