
no dictionary to see what it is. I hope you will remember that my horses are pretty well used up.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANAWHA,Flat Top Mountain, Va., August 7, 1862-1 p. m.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding has been looking hourly for a report from you of the condition of affairs at Pack's Ferry, but none has yet arrived.

If the movements of the enemy prove to have been a mere trifling demonstration, followed by their retreat, you will obtain the facts concerning it as far as possible, and return with one of the regiments to your position at Camp Jones.

If the condition of affairs found by you was such as to call for action on your part you will report fully the particulars of the affair; and if all has been done which seems called for and the enemy have been repulsed, you will carry out the order given above. If circumstances necessitate your further continuance with the increased force at Green Meadows, you will of course forward a detailed account of the same to these headquarters at once.

News from Colonel Siber shows a collision between a detachment of his troops at Wyoming Court-House and the rebels, but full particulars are not yet received.

It is no part of the present plan of the general commanding to increase permanently the force at Green Meadows and the river, and he directs that the expedition be managed as a temporary one, of which the object is to be accomplished as soon as possible and the detachment returned to this post.

As it is not desirable to draw in the pickets around Camp Jones, the guard duty of the force here is made very burdensome, and activity of detachments in other directions is more or less crippled.

The general hopes no accident has occurred to your messengers on the road.

By command of J. D. Cox, brigadier-general:

G. M. BASCOM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Flat Top Tannery, August 7, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 4th day of August, 1862, I sent two companies of the Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under Major Rathbone, to scout the Princeton road to Richland Creek. They captured two rebel scouts. Major Bohlender's detachment, Captain Schache, with the mill's furniture, and Captain Scham-

35 R R-VOL XII, PT III

