
beck's cavalry, after patrolling to Princeton road to Blue Stone, I had ordered them to return by the old road and bivouac at Camp Creek, under command of Major Bohlender. The whole command returned this morning and report nothing unusual going on in front of my position.

Inclosed find names of prisoners and nature of charges preferred against them.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Commanding Second Provisional Brigade.

MOUTH OF ELKHORN FORK,

McDowell County, Va., August 8, 1862.

[Cox:?]

GENERAL: When I left camp it was with the intention of going into Abb's Valley, but on reaching the forks of Tug, at the Jump Mountain, I heard of Witcher, with about 175 men, going toward Wyoming Court-House, on Monday, and also heard of fighting at that place. On reaching the Tug road I found that a small party of the enemy's cavalry had passed up the road with 8 prisoners of the Thirty-seventh Regiment, captured at Wyoming, one a lieutenant. I placed the force in ambush and posted a picket to watch the road. In half an hour the picket bagged a cavalry messenger, with dispatches to Colonel Hounshell, in Abb's Valley, to send a re-enforcement of 100 men. I also learned that companies are forming in Logan and Boone, and that men are being recruited even in Kanawha County for the rebel service. In the course of the evening we captured several citizens.

During the night I determined to march down Tug for Wyoming, with a view to cut off the return of Captain Witcher. We left our bivouac at 3 a. m. this morning and marched rapidly down Tug Fork to Shannon's, 5 miles, where we seized Captain Witcher's wagons (two), considerable flour, pack-saddles, guns, and several boxes of muskets and rifle cartridges, all of which were destroyed by fire. One of the wagons and many blankets had been captured from us. We seized Shannon and carried him with us.

Leaving Shannon's we crossed over Elkhorn Ridge in quest of rations, and thence down Elkhorn River to this place. This afternoon I hope to reach a point north of Indian Ridge, on Guyandotte, 9 miles from Wyoming Court-House. If Witcher is still in that place we will try him; if gone on to Logan, I shall pursue him if there is any promise of success. My force is 80 regular troops and 40 mountaineers, formation of persons who have seen it, about 400 men, under Colonel Hounshell. Marshall's forces, about 2,500, were at Liberty Hill, but it is nearly certain that a part, if not all, of his force is now marching down Louisa Fork, but for what purpose I do not know.

I hope to do some good toward Wyoming Court-House and reach camp on Monday.

This is a country of "magnificent distances."

With great respect,

J. D. HINES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

