
mand to-night to Hazel River and to march to this point to-morrow morning. Steinwehr's division should be ordered to join you, if this has not already been done.

The enemy has crossed but one division over the Rapidan, and if your corps reaches here by to-morrow noon the concentration of troops at this point will be made in ample time. It is believed that this movement on the part of the enemy is a reconnaissance in force; it is possible that it is an advance of his army. King's division has been ordered up; should the enemy advance it will attack him on the flank. It is the intention of the major-general commanding to concentrate his troops at this point.

The Second Army Corps, under Major-General Banks, arrived this evening, and will move to the front early to-morrow morning. General Buford has been ordered to move four regiments of cavalry from Madison Court-House toward Barnett's Ford, on the road to Orange Court-House, to make a dash on the enemy's flank and rear, should it be possible to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, Va., August 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Commanding, Madison, Va.:

GENERAL: The following instructions are given to me by the major-general commanding to be transmitted to you for your guidance:

The enemy advanced on our left this morning in force, crossing the Rapidan at Barnett's Ford or Liberty Mills, I do not know which. They drove back our pickets and are now posed this side of Robertson's River, on the direct road to this place. They have a train of about 100 wagons, and are probably the advance of Jackson's force.

I wish you to feel down cautiously with four regiments of cavalry on the road from Madison Court-House to Barnett's Ford, and see if you cannot make a dash on their rear and flank. Be very cautious in your advance, but if you have the opportunity dash in vigorously. Send word back to Colonel Cluseret of your intentions. Leave two regiments of cavalry to keep the country well picketed in front of Madison and in the direction of Stanardsville. This order is to be delivered by daylight.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton, August 8, 1862.

General RUFUS KING:

As soon as your expedition returns march with your whole division, including Doubleday's, by the best route to Culpeper and report to General McDowell. Bring with you the Harris Cavalry, but replace it at Fredericksburg by the regiment of cavalry now doing duty under

