HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE CAVALRY,Locust Valley, Va., August 8, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Culpeper Court-House:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I reported to General Bayard as soon as practicable after the receipt of the order directing me to do so this p. m.

By the general's order I went into camp here. This place is 5 miles from Culpeper Court-House, on the direct road to Orange Court-House. My position is on the left and a little in rear of General Crawford's brigade. Shall we not soon be joined by the three companies left at Warrenton and on the road from Culpeper to that place?

With much respect, I am, your obedient servant,

S. H. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Per STEVENS,

Adjutant.

BARNETT'S FORD, August 8, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a negro has just come within my lines and reports that Ewell has crossed the river. He says he passed the train parked on this side when coming out. He say that he crossed the bridge at Liberty Mills.

I have, sir, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Colonel Karge has gone with 165 men of his regiment on a Madison road to get around the enemy's pickets, whilst Major Beaumont, with the remainder of the regiment (125 men), is feeling the enemy in my front beyond Barnett's Ford.

Major Beaumont reports that he has come on their camp of infantry, protected by numerous pickets.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 8, 1862-11 p. m.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, Falmouth:

The enemy to-day advanced in force on our left, crossing the Rapidan at Barnett's Ford about 5 miles west of the railroad crossing. Their advance rests to-night at Robertson's River, on the direct road to this place. It is likely that this is only a strong reconnaissance, but it may be that it is the advance of the enemy's whole force. General Ricketts' division and General Banks' corps are here to-night. General Sigel's will be here to-morrow, and an advance will be made by us immediately to the Rapidan. You will therefore see the necessity of immediate movement with your division to this place. Don't break down your men, but endeavor at the earliest practicable moment to make a junction with McDowell here. Say to General Burnside that I have sent

