
him three batteries, and I hope he will let you bring as many of yours with you as he can possibly spare.

Bring the Harris Cavalry and replace them by the regiment hitherto under your order on the Lower Rapidan. That regiment was ordered to Fredericksburg to-day for this purpose.

Acknowledge the receipt of this immediately and let me now when you march.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper Court-House, August 8, 1862.

(Received August 9, 1862, 12.30 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The expedition sent out from Fredericksburg has returned completely successful. General King reports as follows:

The column which marched by way of Spotsylvania Court-House made a descent upon the Virginia Central Railroad at a place called Frederick's Hall, destroyed two or three miles of the track, blew up several culverts, destroyed the water tanks, and have made the road impassable for a number of days. Out loss, 1 killed and 3 wounded.

The column which pursued the Telegraph road toward Hanover Junction met the enemy in some force, who retired before them after a trifling skirmish. A small body of the enemy's cavalry got into the rear of this column and captured three wagons on their way back to Fredericksburg with sick.

The expedition accomplished the object for which it was sent out.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, Va., August 8, 1862-11 p. m.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX, Flat Top:

Detach 2,500 of your force and direct them to intrench themselves at the best point to cover the Kanawha Valley and keep up their supplies. Leave enough cavalry with them for scouting and picketing. With the remainder of you force, with all the supplies you can carry, march forward rapidly to Covington, on Jackson's or James Rivers, and thence by Warm Springs and Augusta Springs to the neighborhood of Harrisonburg, in the Shenandoah Valley. From that place join this command by the safest and most practicable route, remembering that at this time Jackson is in heavy force near Gordonsville.

If any change in the relative position of this army and that of the enemy shall occur in the mean time which will prevent you junction by the route specified, endeavor to make Winchester or Romney, and effect a junction as rapidly as you can.

Bring only sugar, coffee, flour, and double rations of salt, driving beef on the hoof. Lay the country under contribution wherever you pass for whatever supplies you need, giving vouchers in conformity with orders hitherto issued from these headquarters. Celerity of movement and the preservation of your men for effective service are of all things desirable. Further details are not necessary, beyond a caution to be very careful and vigilant in your advance.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

