HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Falmouth, Va., August 9, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my command is now in position in this place and the vicinity of Frederick, and consists of nineteen regiments of infantry, twelve of them from the Department of North Carolina and seven from General Hunter's division, in all about 12,000 effective men. But one regiment of Wright's division has arrived from Hilton Head; the others, after having embarked at that place, were disembarked, as I understand. You will remember that it was expected that the whole of his division would be at Old Point when I arrived there the last time.

The expedition sent out by General King returned yesterday, and he is now getting his command in readiness to move, in accordance with his orders from General Pope. The artillery and cavalry, as directed by you, will be retained here. I hope this will be found for the interest of the public service, as they have become very familiar with this section of the country, thus adding very much to our strength in our future operations. The Harris Light Cavalry are Particularly needed here. You have doubtless received from General Pope full accounts of General King's operations here during the last few days. I shall in future send you daily reports by telegraph and mail.

I am inclined to believe, from information received here, that the enemy are withdrawing in considerable numbers from Richmond and concentrating at or near Gordonsville. I shall endeavor to send you more definite information to-morrow or next day.

I have the honor to be, general,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 9, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

I fear the enemy may attack Pope in large force. Be ready at a moment's notice to co-operative with him. General McClellan's reconnaissances give no satisfactory information.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA.,

August 9, 1862-2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Your telegram received. Will get ready to co-operate at the earliest possible moment. Our wagons have not yet arrived from Washington. We learn that a portion of them are near here. General King commences moving to-day. Have written you by mail this morning. Will telegraph more fully this afternoon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

