
THOROUGHFARE MOUNTAIN,

August 10, 1862-12.40 p. m.

General POPE or BANKS:

The enemy have moved their train back about 2 miles on the Orange Court-House road, with a guard of three regiments of infantry. They have a large park of wagons about 6 miles this side of Orange Court-House. Their forces are now advancing slowly on our right.

SPENCER,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

Received at signal station, Fairfax [Culpeper], Va., 12.40 p. m.

PIERCE,

Lieutenant.

FLAT TOP, August 10, 1862.

Numbers 11.]

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of Virginia:

After sending answer to the general's dispatch last night I received reports from my detachments in McDowell and Wyoming Counties that 2,500 rebel troops are reported on Louisia Fork of Big Sandy, going down; that the rebels along the Kentucky line have been repairing roads under orders to prepare an expedition to occupy the two valleys of Sandy and Guyandotte.

Rebel bands in those border counties are active, and the expectation of a large rebel force there soon is very strong. A party of 150 rebel cavalry entered Logan County, and was there defeated by my detachment of Fourth Virginia near Chapmanville. My detachment at Wyoming is after the remainder of same party.

If above reports are confirmed 2,500 men will not be enough to hold this valley.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

FLAT TOP, August 10, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, Meadow Bluff:

Dispatch from General Pope indicates movement for us very shortly. Keep things snug, and drive the reconnoitering parties of the rebels so far back that you may make a quick movement without being watched. Will give you particulars on receipt of dispatch expected to-day. Rebels very active along Kentucky line. Some skirmishing near Logan Court-House, in which a squadron of rebel cavalry were badly defeated.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

GAULEY, August 10, 1862.

Captain BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered the troops from Chapmanville, which I re-enforced with two companies, to make a stand at Peytona, and if compelled to retreat to fall back on Camp Piatt, which point they are to hold at all hazards.

J. A. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth.

