
field and operate on the road leading by Elkhorn to Franklin, so far as he can provide himself with forage and supplies, watching carefully the advance of General Banks up the valley of the Shenandoah and regulating his movements accordingly. As this advance will remove General Schenck from the vicinity of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, you will make immediate preparations to extend your command over that portion of the railroad lying in the District of Cumberland. The Potomac Home Brigade, now under the command of General Schenck, will be placed subject to your command, while General Schenck will retain the troops recently sent to him from the Railroad District. The Third Virginia Batery, Captain Buell, will, until further orders, remain at Wheeling. Captain Hyman's battery, First Ohio Artillery, will be placed under yuor command as soon s Johnson's Ohio battery is supplied with horses. Your call for facilities to make your command effective and your protection of the railroad and telegraph sufficient will be promptly responded to. Your knowledge of the country and of the interests and feelings of the people along the line of railroad render you eminently fitted for the important position assigned you, and it is expected that with your own qualifications and the means which will be placed at your disposal the important interests confided to your care will suffer no detriment. You will extend your command in accordance with this order as soon as General Schenck shall have commenced operation in pursuance of the orders given him.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 7, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. SCHENCK, Cumberland:

Lieutenant-Colonel Downey, with his command, you can order with you, but under all the circumstances it is thought best that the Second Regiment, Colonel Bruce, shall remain to guard the railroad, for which service along our extended line our troops will be barely sufficient. I hear nothing of any further movements of General Banks. Endeavor to place yourself in communication with him, and do not move beyond Moorefield until further orders. Report the condition of your troops in regard to arms.

J. C. FREMONT.

CUMBERLAND, April 7, 1862.

(Received Wheeling, Va., April 7, 1862.)

Captain ALBERT TRACY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Order to advance just received, 1 o'clock a. m. Will get troops in motion as soon as possible and as I can get sufficient transportation. My first movement will be to concentrate what I can at Romney for a start from there up the valley of the South Branch to join the forces I have at Moorefield.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

