
CEDAR MOUNTAIN, August 11, 1862-11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Everything remains as reported this morning. The enemy is massed on the summit and sides of Cedar Mountain, in front of me, about 3 miles. King's division is within 8 miles, and will be in this afternoon. I will maneuver by the right to intercept the enemy's communications. We have taken many prisoners, and the enemy's loss, as well as our own, is very heavy. Captured officers speak freely of General McClellan's move back from Malvern Hill the other day. They say that their skirmishers drove in our pickets in the afternoon, and next morning at daylight they fount to their surprise that our forces were gone. From everything I can learn I am satisfied that one-third of the enemy's whole force is here, and more will be arriving unless McClellan will at least keep them busy and uneasy at Richmond.

Of the force left there nearly one-half in on the south side of James River. Deserters, escaped prisoners, and spies all concur in the statement that not more than 40,000 troops are on the north side of James River. Please make McClellan do something to prevent re-enforcements being sent here. I am able to get along with those that are here now.

General Stuart himself, with his whole cavalry force, is here. Our officers have seen and talked with him.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

STEVENSBURG, August 11, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Our advance (Gibbon's brigade) arrived here at 12 m. to-day. It will start at 5 o'clock p. m., and probably reach you at 7 or 8, if nothing happens to prevent. The heat is excessive, but the men are doing well. The whole division, I hope, will be up with you to-night.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 11, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Cedar Mountain, Va.:

Yours of this morning is received. Your main object should be to keep the enemy in check till we can get re-enforcements to your army. I have seen General Cox's telegrams. Five thousand men should be left in Western Virginia and the remainder sent here by river and rail road. Perhaps General Cox himself had better remain. He will telegraph to the War Department the day his troops will reach Parkersburg, in order that the trains may be prepared to bring them on here.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 11, 1862.

General JACOB D. COX:

Five thousand men will remain in Western Virginia under your command; the remainder will be sent here by river and railroad. You will

