
I have sent the New Jersey cavalry to see what they can from the mountains.

G. D. B.

Answered: General Pope says return to camp.

August 11, 1862.

E. S.

AUGUST 11, 1862.

Major MEYSENBERG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Bayard and myself have agreed upon a truce, to get our wounded and dead, with General Stuart, of the Confederates, which is to last until 2 o'clock p. m., unless otherwise ordered by General Pope, upon which one-half hour's notice is to be given, in order to gather up the stragglers. If General Pope should order the truce to end before 2 o'clock the one-half hour's notice is to be given.

Very respectfully,

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

FLAT TOP, August 11, 1862.

Numbers 12.]

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, General Pope's Hdqrs., Culpeper Court-House:

Report of rebel force on Louisa Fork of Sandy is confirmed. The rebel raid into Logan County was under Captain Witcher, of White's cavalry, numbering between 200 and 300. They were completely scattered by the different detachments from this command, losing considerably in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Many of them left their horses and took to the mountains to avoid capture. Their jaded horses were killed by our men, besides keeping the stronger ones; their stores and ammunition captured and destroyed. Witcher is badly wounded; his next in command was abandoned mortally wounded. Major Hall, of Fourth Virginia, on our side, badly wounded. I cannot now give reliable figures. The raid which was intended to reach to the Ohio was completely broken up. My parties are not yet in, as they are seeking to get further information from the Kentucky line.

It will necessarily take some days to scour that country, so that a movement here would not appear a retreat and encourage the enemy to push into the lower valley at once. Some activity is reported in front of Colonel Crook's command. Everything shows a serious effort of the rebels to push toward the Ohio by Sandy and Guyandotte Rivers.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAT TOP, August 11, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Gauley:

Lieutenant-Colonel Hines, of the Twelfth Ohio, is in. Witcher's command is reported entirely scattered, most of them losing their horses and arms. Some bushwhackers may still be in the vicinity of Logan. Your men are reported as having been surprised, having no proper pre-

