
cautions taken, although a long distance from their camp. Investigate this severely. I think it would be safe to send a party, with a judicious and brave officer, to Chapmanville, and hunt up all your stragglers and scout that vicinity thoroughly. The result will, I think, be to discourage the rebels for a time from such attempts, and the opportunity should not be lost to clinch this result. I think the Eleventh can safely return to Gauley.

Let me know if you have any report further that is reliable.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

FOOT OF GUYANDOTTE MOUNTAIN,

August 11, 1862 - a. m.

G. M. BASCOM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your two last telegrams reached me this morning on the march to Raleigh. The danger on the Guyandotte has disappeared. The companies of the Fourth Virginia have safely retreated, not to Chapmanville direct, but from Beech Creek, on the Guyandotte, to Peter's Creek, in Kentucky, because the enemy's force, immediately after the fight at Beech Creek, received the report of the march of my detachment from Raleigh to Wyoming, and in consequence of this retreated in the greatest haste along the Guyandotte to the Tazewell road, on which my cavalry detachment could not even overtake their stragglers. At Horsepen Creek are two bushwhacker companies, under Chambers, but they are opposed now by Union companies of newly formed militia. Yesterday afternoon a meeting of Union men, with armed companies from Huff's Creek, Laurel, and Rock Castle, was held at the court-house in Wyoming. Great number of Union men are in Wyoming County, but none in the town. They fear that Floyd will march from Tazewell County along the Guyandotte either to Logan or to Sandy, but at present I think there is no danger, his force being still too small, some say 500, others 1,500. I have not been able to communicate with Colonel Hines, because the dispatches could never reach me in time.

E. SIBER,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 12, 1862-7.30 a. m.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy has retreated under cover of the night. His rear is now crossing the Rapidan toward Orange Court-House. Our cavalry and artillery are in pursuit. I shall follow with the infantry as far as the Rapidan. Will keep you advised.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

Beware of a snare. Feigned retreats are secesh tactics.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

