
terday, and captured 2 captains on provost-marshal duty. They surprised our pickets and guards. Our cavalry pursued and captured 1 prisoner.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

FLAT TOP, August 12, 1862.

Numbers 13.]

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Culpeper:

Your dispatch of this date, with order to send part of my command by river and rail, is received, and I will take immediate steps to obey. I trust it will be possible for the general commanding to reconsider the determination to leave me here, as by long service in these mountains I feel I have some claim to serve with a larger column. Will telegraph to-morrow as to the time troops can move.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAT TOP, August 12, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, Meadow Bluff:

Ordered to send part of my command to Culpeper by Parkersburg. Send your sick to Gauley and such stores as your train could not carry at one trip. Make no other changes till further orders. Give me fullest and latest information you can get of the enemy and his purposes. If you would need any other transportation to move everything let me know. I now think it will be necessary to send the Ninth Virginia to Summerville, and let the Eleventh and Forty-seventh hold Mountain Cove. I shall send out three regiments from this line. Let me know if you think those two regiments could successfully hold a more advanced position than the Cove. If the enemy threaten an immediate attack, no move will be made till some change of their position.

Keep this entirely secret, and clear your vicinity of all persons who would be likely to convey information to the rebels. I will send another dispatch to-night. Send your reply by swift messenger. Don't leave arms with country people unless you know they will organize and use them right.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,[Meadow Bluff], August 12, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I don't think there is any doubt but that the rebels intend moving in a day or so, and scouts and citizens say it is in the direction of Richmond.

The name of the man who deserted to the enemy is Frederick Granvogle. There was but the one. Have you any idea when the paymaster will be around?

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

