
Creek to-day. Let me hear from you this morning. Keep scouts in your front and toward Culpeper.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General Reno's command of twelve regiments and four batteries left here at the designated time, and the head of the column must now be near Rappahannock Station. I sent General Stevens, second in command, to him and have General Parke with me. Your telegram is this moment received. I had just telegraphed you of the arrival of the troops at Aquia Creek. I have doubled all my pickets and am scouting the country in every direction. All quiet in front, and I think there is nothing nearer than Bowling Green, except in small parties. A superabundance of artillery for the force here has arrived. Had I not better place some of it in position near Aquia Creek? For the present I will throw a small force farther out in direction of Culpeper this afternoon. The word "intelligent" should not have been in the contraband's statement this morning. He seems to be stupid, but truthful.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 1, 1862-9.50 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We have detailed for the marching columns so many surgeons from our command that we are in absolute need. Many of their sick were left behind and added to our own. Will you be kind enough to direct the Surgeon-General to send us some at once?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Culpeper, Va.:

Do not advance your force across the Rapidan. Burnside's re-enforcements will reach you to-night or to-morrow morning by the Rappahannock. General Burnside will remain at Falmouth. You will retain the supreme command. Guard well against a flank movement by the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMP BEVERLY,

Randolph County, Va., August 13, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL:

I have the honor to report that I have ascertained to a certainty no troops of any consequence in Staunton or Charlottesville. Jackson's headquarters few miles from Gordonsville, with 35,000 men. Thirty thousand men at Gordonsville. Jackson's men concealed. Left our

