HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 7, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Woodstock:

General Schenck has been ordered to advance from Romney and Moorefield and operate on the road leading by Elkhorn to Franklin, watching carefully your advance and regulating his movement accordingly.

J. C. FREMONT.

CHARLESTON, April 7, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT,Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling:

The accompanying telegram, received by me from Colonel Crook at Summerville, contains what I regard as the true condition of things in Greenbrier. I think his suggestion is the most feasible plan of operating on Lewisburg. My only objection is that for subsequent operations I should dislike to have my division divided upon diverging lines.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]

From the numerous corroboratory statements of all the refugees from Greenbrier and from other sources I am satisfied that the rebel force there does not amount to over 300 to 400 men; also that their commanding officer has issued an order to move their stock across Greenbrier River and burn their forage, which would be great damage to our forces. The citizens, however, are opposed to the order, but the military intend carrying it out. I feel satisfied that were a large force to start from Gauley Bridge that ere it could reach Lewisburg the rebels would destroy the greater part of the forage. I could leave this place with my regiment and by making rapid marches get to Lewisburg, drive the rebels east of the Greenbrier River, and hold the place until re-enforced from Gauley, and thereby prevent the destruction of the forage.

CAMP ALLEGHANY, April 7, 1862.

(Received Wheeling, Va., April 10, 1862.)

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

After dispatching courier yesterday learned that scouting party, under Captain Latham, of Second Virginia, sent out from Cheat Mountain last week, 90 strong, had taken possession of Monterey, going by way of Circleville and Crab Bottom. I sent to-day a portion of Second Virginia to support him. To-morrow the Seventy-fifth Ohio and Hyman's battery go on. Think that Twenty-fifth Ohio is there or in vicinity. They left Beverly, in the direction of Franklin, via the mouth of Seneca, one week ago. Third will go on from here in few days. None of the regiments are full. Have 300 of Thirty-second Ohio to Huntersville to-day. To-morrow will scour country in that vicinity and 10 miles down the Greenbrier with a company of cavalry. Will throw all the force I can into Monterey. We must have more transportation immediately; quartermaster's present supplies too limited to furnish us

