
horses at Alleghany Mountain and went on foot. Had a great deal of difficulty. Could not report sooner. My companion badly wounded. Have succeeded in getting him here. Could have reported sooner only on his account. Fired into by 60 guerrillas. Ewell abut making arrangements to furnish all his guerrillas with pack mules.

C. W. D. SMILEY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Camp near Cedar Mountain, August 13, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Army Corps, near Cedar Mountain:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of this morning,* I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you will move one brigade of your corps to Crooked River, but no farther. Should you think it well to do so, you can also move your whole corps forward in the same direction some 4 miles. You are authorized to make such reconnaissances as may be necessary. Major-General McDowell remains to-day in his present position.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, August 13, 1862-3.55 p. m.

Brigadier General, JACOB D. COX:

You can come yourself with your troops. Select the best troops to come with you and come speedily.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff.

FLAT TOP, August 13, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, Meadow Bluff:

Am ordered from headquarters to make the movement as soon as practicable. You will move half of the Ninth Virginia to Summerville direct; with the remainder of your command move down the valley. Leave the Forty-fourth, the Forty-seventh, two cavalry troops, and the artillery at Camp Lookout, or such post between that and Hawk's Nest as you judge most easily held. The remainder of the Ninth Virginia and the cavalry will stop at Gauley Bridge. You will take your own regiment to Camp Piatt, where further orders will be given you. Begin this movement in the night of the 14th or early on the 15th, unless extraordinary reasons should delay it. In that case you would report the delay. Conduct it carefully and leave the two regiments as strongly posted as you can. A similar force will be posted at Fayette and two regiments will protect the lower valley. The remainder of the division goes to General Pope. Of course the purpose of the movement will be concealed as far as possible. The regiments will immediately arrange to draw supplies from Gauley on taking their position, and if they need stores sent in advance you will make it known at once.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

