HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 14, 1862-8.30 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The enemy has retreated beyond Gordonsville; he can be plainly seen by Sigel's advance. Sigel is on Robertson's River, at the mouth of Crooked River, where the road from Culpeper to Orange Court-House crosses it, with his advance thrown forward to the Rapidan. His cavalry will be thrown well to his front and right. McDowell moves immediately, and will take post at the railroad crossing of the Rapidan, on the left of Sigel. Burnside will be posted on the road from Culpeper to Louisa Court-House, between Somerville and Raccoon Fords.

Banks will form the reserve at Culpeper.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

CEDAR MOUNTAIN, VA.,

August 14, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The management of the railroad from Washington to Culpeper is most wretched and inefficient. I ask that the whole administration of railroads in this department may be changed. It is impossible to rely upon receiving either stores or mails till this shall have been gone. I trust you will take immediate action in this matter. I request that Colonel Herman Haupt may be telegraphed to at Cambridge, Mass., to come here at once to take charge of all railroad matters in this department.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Mountain, August 14, 1862-11 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The order from Washington City to employ the cars on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad without my knowledge for the transportation of General Reno's command has seriously embarrassed me in the meter of procuring forage and subsistence for my army. The distance traveled by these troops from the point where they struck the railroad was but 10 miles, so short that they might have marched the whole distance in half the time, getting on and off the cars and performing the journey. I request that the orders for transportation and for regulating the trains within my command may be confined exclusively to me.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 14, 1862.

(Received 1.45 a. m.)

Major General JOHN POPE,

Headquarters Army of Virginia:

There is a force at and about Middletown, some 13 miles from here. Accounts vary as to their number-from 3,000 to 6,000-probably does

