
not yet exceed 4,000. I have not sufficient force to advance against them without hazarding this post. The force at Front Royal may be taken by them at any time. I respectfully suggest that if a moderate force can be spared from your vicinity to proceed to Front Royal to cooperate with me, I would like to attack the force at Middletown in front and rear.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Mountain, August 14, 1862.

Major-General RENO, Culpeper, Va.:

GENERAL: Major-General Pope directs me to say that as soon as the troops under your command shall have concentrated at Culpeper you will move them on the Raccoon Ford road and establish them in position about 2 1/2 miles from the Rapidan, somewhere between the Raccoon Ford and Somerville Ford roads, with your right or center, as may appear preferable, resting on Cedar Creek. You will immediately open or repair the roads leading from your camp to Mitchell's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, which will be your depot.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 14, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Turn over all your instructions to the officer next in rank and report in person at these headquarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA.,

August 14, 1862-2.30 p. m.

General HALLECK, Commanding:

Your orders just received, and I will be off for your headquarters at once. Reports just in from the pickets that were pushed out yesterday and last night represent all quiet and no enemy this side of Bowling Green or Spotsylvania. Magilton's brigade of Pennsylvania Reserves, 1,800 strong, are here in camp; also First New York Cavalry, 800. The Third Indiana Cavalry are tired, and I have ordered them relieved by the First New York. Have no reports of arrival of troops at Aquia Creek to-day. Have heard of General Reno's arrival at Rappahannock Station. The Sixth New York Cavalry are doing active service on Upper Rappahannock.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 190. Washington, August 14, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty

