HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Mountain, August 15, 1862.

Major General J. L. RENO,

Commanding troops from Burnside's Corps, Culpeper, Va.:

GENERAL: McDowell's corps will be on the right of the position you have been directed to occupy and 2 1/2 miles distant from you. The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will open immediate and regular communication with that corps. General Pope desires to see you at these headquarters as soon as you may be able to visit them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 15, 1862.

(Received 8.30 a. m.)

Major General JOHN POPE,

Headquarters Army of Virginia:

Last night First Lieutenant Ulysses Westbrook, of the Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, while in command of a picket, allowed three men of his own command to pass the pickets beyond the line. They were subsequently ambushed and fired upon by a party of the enemy, and one man believed to have been killed; he is missing. If consistent with military laws, I am of the opinion that the immediate dismissal of this officer from the service, without formal trial, would have a salutary effect upon this command. There is a great lack of discipline among our officers, and an example is needed.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Received at Signal Station at Headquarters,

August 15, 1862-10.30 a. m.)

Major-General MCDOWELL:

Jackson, with his army, is 5 miles beyond Orange Court-House, on the road to Gordonsville. Information from a negro who left Orange Court-House with his family.

DUFFIE,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 20. Near Cedar Mountain, Va., August 15, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 18, current series, from these headquarters is so modified as to require 40 rounds of ammunition only to be habitually carried by the men when on the march. These will be carried in the cartridge boxes.

Surplus ammunition will be carried in the ammunition wagons.

When troops go into action 100 rounds of ammunition per man will be carried by them-40 rounds in their cartridge boxes and 60 rounds upon their persons.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

