
arriving at Aquia Creek had not best be pushed at least to the forks of the Rappahannock? I will keep the country closely watched.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 16, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

I think it would be very unsafe for your army to cross the Rapidan. It would be far better if you were in rear of the Rappahannock. We must run no risks just now, but must concentrate, so as to secure full co-operation. As soon as force reaches Aquia Creek to sufficiently sustain itself it will be sent to the fork of the rivers. Look out well for the crossing at Germanna, and do not let your left flank be turned. If threatened too strongly, fall behind the Rappahannock. Every possible exertion is being made to increase our forces on that line. Keep me fully advised of affairs in your front.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Cedar Mountain, August 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I understand that General H. G. Wright is in Washington and desirous of a command. I have the honor to request that he be sent here to command a division. I have lost several general officers in the late action, and need his services.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CEDAR MOUNTAIN, VA.,

August 16, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Will you send me an efficient chief quartermaster? Colonel Clary is too old and too easy. My animals are suffering for forage just as I most need their services, and the whole management of that department is inefficient. You know how essential such an officer is with so large a command.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I respectfully recommend that Lieutenant Ulysses Westbrook, of Thirty-second Ohio, in the command of General Julius White, at Winchester, be dismissed the service of the United States for gross neglect of duty. General White reports him as having, while in command of a picket,

