
allowed 3 men of his own command to pass the pickets beyond the lines, in consequence of which they were ambuscaded, and 1 man was missing, believed to be killed. General White thinks an immediate dismissal would have a salutary effect on his command.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington:

By command of Major-General Pope I notify you that I shall be at Parkersburg on the evening of the 20th, with 5,000 infantry, two batteries of six guns each, 300 cavalry, and the camp equipage and regimental trains complete, going to join General Pope. Railroad transportation will be needed for, say, 1,100 animals-including everything, 270 wagons. Please inform me what arrangements will be made and how far I go by rail.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division of the Kanawha.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Mountain, August 16, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Army Corps, Robertson's River:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say that he is informed that, by direction on Brigadier-General Steinwehr's provost-marshal, marauding parties are sent out from his command to plunder and pillage the inhabitants of this country, and that in violation of General Orders, Numbers 5, current series, from these headquarters, these parties have taken property without giving receipt for it. Such conduct is not authorized by any order from these headquarters and must cease. Property must be seized only as prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 5, from these headquarters. Parties caught plundering the country will be treated as common robbers and shot upon the spot, whenever and wherever found by the patrols from any army corps or any detachment sent out for that purpose. Commanders will be held responsible that they exercise proper restraint upon their men. General Pope directs you at once to investigate the conduct of General Steinwehr's provost-marshal, to place him in arrest, and send him to these headquarters, with the evidence taken in his case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NEAR CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

August 16, 1862-9 p. m.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

There has been the grossest possible carelessness somewhere in the Quartermaster's Department in the matter of furnishing forage to my army. Although only 70 or 80 miles from Alexandria, I cannot get forage for my cavalry; and now at the moment I most need it this arm of service is paralyzed by the neglect of some quartermaster. I de-

37 R R - VOL XII, PT III

