
sire that the quartermaster at Alexandria may be called to account and made to explain who is culpable in the matter.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BERKELEY, VA., August 16, 1862-1.30 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

The advance corps and the trains are fairly started. I have nothing more in relation to reported advance of rebels via Jones' Bridge. Shall push the movement as rapidly as possible.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 16, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of the 10th instant in regard to wharves and ferry-boats. This note acknowledges mine of 4th in which I explained what I had endeavored to do to supply your requisition for ferry-boats, which, as I received it, was to send as many as I could-not the definite number (8 or 10) which I now learn you directed General Van Vliet to endeavor to procure. My later letters will have explained to you what I have endeavored to do in providing more water transportation and what are its difficulties.

The order of Colonel Ingalls to the quartermaster at Fort Monroe to construct more wharves was countermanded, because when referred to this city it was known that time would not permit the construction of wharves to be used in your present operations, and to have endeavored to collect the material at Forth Monroe would have resulted only in still more embarrassing any operations by the presence of useless vessels loaded with timber and lumber. Indeed I do not believe these materials could then have reached Fort Monroe before the need for their use would have ceased.

I have given directions to return the steamers which transport the sick to Northern ports with more speed. They do not always report to and place themselves under orders of the quartermasters.

Permit me to suggest that a shorter voyage would at this time expedite the work. They could go to Baltimore or to this city much sooner than to Philadelphia or New York, and if their hospital tents went with them, Point Lookout, still nearer, would, I think, accommodate a large number.

You have all the steamers we have been able to procure without breaking up the great lines and ferries, as I have already explained.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I parted with General McClellan yesterday at 3 o'clock p. m. the movement was progressing finely and will be successful. The army

