
is in fine spirits and splendid fighting order, and only wish they may be attacked. No one could have made the movement more skillfully or in less time.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

August 16, 1862-4 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General Porter crossed the Chickahominy yesterday with his corps d'armee and is at Williamsburg. General Kearny reached Providence Forge, on Jones' Bridge, this morning. No appearance of an enemy anywhere at the Chickahominy at 12 to-day. From all accounts the movement is progressing rapidly and successfully.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WILLIAMSBURG, VA., August 16, 1862-6 p. m.

General MCCLELLAN:

I sent your letters from people in Richmond taken from negroes. They say troops are moving north against General Pope; the negroes confirm them, and another who left there on Thursday says it is true. Colonel Campbell reports there is no enemy between us and Richmond. Unless you forbid I shall at daybreak send everything to Fort Monroe and embark for Aquia Creek. I have asked that transports be in readiness.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WILLIAMSBURG, VA., August 16, 1862.

(Received August 17, 4.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Two negroes, who left Richmond on Wednesday, say Jackson's wounded arrived there on Tuesday. All admitted he had been badly whipped. He had asked for large re-enforcements and they had gone, and they comprised all cavalry and artillery which could be dispensed with about Richmond. All guns in Manchester and one or two from those about Richmond, and 18,000 men, 12,000 of which were from about Fort Randolph, had gone up, the cavalry in cars. He says this movement was known on Sunday. I send this direct, not having immediate communication with General McClellan.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 16, 1862.

Major-General PARKE, Falmouth, Va.:

Keep me daily advised of the arrival of troops, &amp;c., at Aquia Creek, and send all that cannot be promptly landed to Alexandria, without separating brigades or regiments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

