
with subsistence. Think supplies can go to Monterey at half the cost and labor from New Creek via Franklin. I will move my headquarters to Monterey to-morrow. Terrible snow-storm here to-day.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

WOODSTOCK, April 8, 1862-7.12 a. m.

(Sent 9.25 a. m. from War Department.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe:

There is no material change in affairs here to-night. Jackson is near New Market, not yet re-enforced. The rebels occupying Fort Alleghany, Huntersville, and Monterey are retreating toward Shenandoah Mountain, and those places are occupied by our troops. General Schenck is moving down from Romney and Moorefield upon their route. It is reported that a band of Union men have taken to the mountains near Elk Run, Rockingham County, with arms, and determined to resist impressment by Jackson's forces. It is said [they] number near a thousand.

It is still stated that Johnston is at Gordonsville. No rebel forces except cavalry scouts are between our position and that of General Sumner. These scouts altogether number about 300, and are active. I should be glad to know the progress of events east.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WHEELING, April 8, 1862.

(Received 4.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The animals for which requisition was made in February by Major Clary are indispensably needed. The troops in advance are suffering, and necessary movements are embarrassed and checked for want of transportation. Will you not order them to be supplied at once?

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, Fayetteville, April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX,

Commanding Military District:

GENERAL: I inclose two papers, throwing some light upon the state of things in Greenbrier and Monroe Counties. I have no doubt, beyond a proper distrust of everybody in a country where we expect to find treason at all points, that the doctor is all that he seems. Indeed, I have heard from others that he is all that he pretends to be. I would like to employ him as a guide for those counties, and one or two others for Mercer, Tazewell, Giles, &amp;c. Can it not be done, say, at prices of from $1 to $2 per diem?

