SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 193. Washington, August 16, 1862.

The city of Alexandria and the troops garrisoning that place are placed under the immediate command of Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Numbers 45. Near Cedar Mountain, August 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. Hereafter the cavalry of each army corps of this army will be massed and placed under command of the chief of cavalry of that corps.

Commanders of army corps will be allowed to detach for duty at their own headquarters such cavalry as may be necessary for their personal escorts.

Companies or detachments of cavalry now on duty at division or brigade headquarters will be sent at once to report to the chief of cavalry of their respective corps.

Ten mounted men only will be allowed to each division headquarters, and five only to each brigade headquarters as orderlies. These will be obtained by requisition on the commander of the army corps to which such divisions or brigades belong.

When divisions or brigades are temporarily detached, the cavalry required for service with them will be furnished for that temporary purpose only by the commander of the army corps.

Whenever divisions or brigades thus detached return to their corps the cavalry with them will at once rejoin their proper command.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the Army of Virginia and the Army of the Potomac and other co-operating force (under Major General John Pope) during the operations from the Rapidan to Centreville, Va., August 16-13, 1862.

[Compiled from the records of the Adjutant-General's Office.]

ARMY OF VIRGINIA.

Headquarters Escort.

1st Ohio Cavalry, Companies A and C.

Detachment of infantry.

FIRST ARMY CORPS.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL.

Escort.

1st Indiana Cavalry, Companies I and K.

