
CAMP NEAR CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

August 17, 1862-8.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The main body of the enemy has fallen back to Mechanicsburg [?] and lies between Louisa Court-House and Charlottesville. Reports from various sources represent large force to be moving from Richmond to join Jackson. I think it very likely to be true. Our position is strong, and it will be very difficult to drive us from it. A strong reconnaissance was pushed yesterday into Stanardsville and some short distance beyond it, finding only vedettes of the enemy. I need cavalry horses immediately, as I telegraphed this morning.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 17, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Cedar Mountain, Va.:

I have approved your requisition for horses and sent it to General Meigs; also for a quartermaster. Cannot you seize some horses in your vicinity? If so, take them, giving receipts. I hope in a few days to have the line of the Rappahannock strongly re-enforced.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL POPE'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 17, 1862-7.30 p. m. (Received 7.55 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

It is desirable for the prosecution of the cavalry operations in this country that pack-mules be provided to carry surplus ammunition. I ask, therefore, that 230 mules, with packs complete, be sent immediately to these headquarters. The necessary papers will be forwarded.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 17, 1862.

Major-General RENO,

Commanding near Mitchell's Station:

GENERAL: Major-General Pope directs me to say that he has placed the cavalry of Brigadier-General Buford under your command temporarily. He desires you to push this cavalry well forward on the other side of the Rapidan, and to watch well the approaches from Louisa Court-House and Hanover Junction toward the Rapidan. The danger to be apprehended is that the enemy, finding that McClellan has retired from before Richmond, may throw the mass of his forces to Hanover Junction, whilst Jackson retires from Gordonsville to Louisa Court-House; then, by a combined movement, form a junction on or near the Rapidan, in the neighborhood of Germanna Mills or Ely's Ford, so as to interpose between us and the forces now landing at Aquia Creek by turning our left. It behooves you, therefore, to use your cavalry far to the front and to the best advantage in the directions specified, and also to use spies and scouts, without regard to expense, to keep yourself

