
It is well that we did not march to-day; we should have been crippled for weeks to come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel Twenty-third Ohio Vols., Commanding Third Prov. Brigadier

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MEADOW BLUFF, GREENBRIER COUNTY, April 1 [1862].

Dr. W. B. HARRISON:

BELOVED FRIEND: Your kind letter, brought by Mr. J. Simmons, came in the midst of us like a dew-drop from heaven. We had mourned you as lost. Those cavalry that were sent in pursuit of you came back and reported that you had been shot by the Yankee scouts, who had taken you for a Southern scout; but the cat poked her head out of the wallet when we saw an order from General A. A. Chapman to detail men to watch your house and to patrol the roads night and day ever since you left, for fear that Harrison would come down like an avalanche and sweep the dirty brutes from amongst us.

Thus it was that we knew that our old lion-hearted would again shake his mane and roar amongst us; and Oh! how anxiously are we listening for that roar. We see daily our friends and neighbors dragged off at the point of the bayonet to try and make them fight those men that they so much desire to see.

Oh, for Heaven's sake, do come, or we shall despair. I was arrested and thrown into prison for trying to convey the letter you left with me, and could not keep from going to Richmond only by volunteering to work on the Brushy Ridge breastworks, and had just returned for a few days when your letter reached us.

The works are at the Brushy Ridge Church. I will give you a description of them as near as it lays in my power, and then bid you farewell at present, and may God speed you on is the prayer of your friends here.

JOHN MASSEY.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

JOHN SANNER'S STATEMENT.

When I got into Greenbrier I found the people in great excitement and distress. I could see and hear of the regulars every day, hunting up the inhabitants; that is, those that belong to the militia; and even those that were exempted last year from afflictions, as incapable of military duty, are now being forced into service.

I was informed that the banks of deposit of Lewisburg and Union had been removed to Richmond a few days ago.

I spoke to some of the militia that I dare trust, and they told me it was their intention not to fight, unless it would be "to shoot some of their d-n-d officers," who had dragged them from home.

I was informed they had received a small re-enforcements at Lewisburg besides what militia they could gather up, and expected more; but the people generally doubted it. They had but four small cannon. Their breastworks were said to be good at Brushy Ridge, and they were going on to Little Sewell to throw up slight ones there to give the army a round or two and then fall back.

