
constantly advised of everything in your front as far as possible.

Your front will be covered by McDowell west of Somerville Ford.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Barrett's Ferry, August 17, 1862-10 a. m.

(Received 8.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I have seen Burnside. Now that we are committed to the movement, you may be sure that it will be carried out without the delay of a moment. Not an hour has been lost thus far. Count on my full co-operation.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

PONTOON BRIDGE AT NORTH CHICKAHOMINY,

August 17, 1862-4 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army:

Heintzelman, Franklin, Porter, and Keyes have crossed the Chickahominy. Sumner is rear guard and will cross the Chickahominy to-night. All will have crossed and the bridge will be taken up by daylight. Nearly all the wagons are already across. Not a shot has been fired thus far. General McClellan will remain at the pontoon bridge till the rear has crossed over. Three boats are here to tow the pontoon bridge down the river and four gunboats to guard the bridge. All reports agree that the enemy is pushing all their troops to re-enforce Jackson. All right. Will leave for your headquarters this afternoon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA.,

August 17, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK and Major-General POPE:

From information brought in to-day by contrabands there is a large force of the enemy at Hanover Court-House, and a force of probably a division moving up the Bowling Green road, their advanced pickets being but 10 miles distant from ours. The infantry from James River is arriving slowly. Six regiments have arrived, numbering about 3,000 men.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 18, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Cedar Mountain, Va.:

All accounts from the vicinity of Richmond concur in representing that large re-enforcements are being sent to Jackson, with the intention

