HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 18, 1862.

General RENO:

GENERAL: You will have your wagons that are now loaded with provisions driven to Mitchell's Station and unloaded as rapidly as possible; these wagons will be used for transporting your baggage. I will send cars down for the provisions, but if they should not arrive I will have the provisions destroyed before we march. Hurry off your train as soon as you can. I will designate the hour for marching your troops in time.

By order of General Pope:

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 18, 1862.

Major-General RENO, near Mitchell's Station:

GENERAL: You will direct General Buford to concentrate his cavalry about 3 miles north of Raccoon Ford, keeping his pickets on the Rapidan. He will draw in his pickets just before daylight to-morrow morning, and with his whole cavalry force will follow your column and cover the rear. He is not to move until the gray dawn begins to appear. It is very desirable that you pass the Rappahannock with your command as early in the day to-morrow as possible. The only thing that may delay you is your train, and you must send energetic and experienced officers to urge it forward.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1862-10 a. m.

General BUFORD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The enemy are in strong force about 2 miles back of Clark's Mountain, extending from thence toward Raccoon Ford. I wish you to send a squadron of cavalry near Raccoon Ford, and to scout from thence on the north side of the Rapidan as far as Germanna Ford. Let me hear as soon as your cavalry returns.

Instruct the force you send beyond the Rapidan not to return by the same road they leave, but lower down the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Major-General, Commanding Detachment Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Cedar Mountain, August 18, 1862-5 p. m.

General RENO:

I will send over to you two officers who know the way to Barnett's Ford; one can go with your train, one with yourself. You will be

