
largely re-enforced at Barnett's Ford by to-morrow night. I wish you to stand firm and cover that ford with your force. McDowell's corps will be on your right, and near enough to support you in case you need it.

Communicate with me as soon as you cross the Rappahannock. I shall be above you, at the railroad crossing.

The whole command at Fredericksburg is now marching to meet you at Barnett's. Hurry up your train as much as you can, so as to get it across by daylight.

Have you received Orders, Numbers 23, as to order of march?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SIGNAL STATION, CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

August 18, 1862. (Received August 18, 12 m.)

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

Have been communicating with signal station on Thoroughfare Mountain in relation to the forces of the enemy at Orange Court-House and when they came there. That station can see the country 12 miles in the direction of Gordonsville; can see the town of Orange Court-House distinctly. They report no indications of the enemy in force in that direction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

General BURNSIDE or PARKE, Falmouth, Va.:

Telegraph me your present strength. Occupy Richards' and Barnett's Fords, on the Rappahannock, with all the forces you can spare. It is important that the line of the Rappahannock be well secured as rapidly as possible. Intrenchments should be thrown up to cover the fords. The telegraph should also be extended immediately to those fords.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 18, 1862.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have here twelve regiments of infantry, about 6,000; two regiments of cavalry, about 1,200; four batteries of light artillery and four batteries of heavy artillery. I have one regiment of cavalry at Barnett's Ford. With my present force I do not think it advisable to detach any force to hold the fords. General King took with him the intrenching tools. There is no telegraph wire here nor parties to put it up. No troops have arrived at Aquia Creek to-day.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

38 R R - VOL XII, PT III

