
ing aided to stir up ill feeling toward those who had been friendly to our cause, the latter for having concealed arms in possession and having run bullets in large quantity within a few days, with teh avowed purpose of using them against the "damned Yankees," and aiding the guerrillas, who they pretended were expected soon to attack the town.

The arrest of these parties produced the salutary effect of checking alarm and attempts to create it. I directed these two persons to be sent to Yorktown, but through misunderstanding were brought here. I design turning them over to General Van Alen, with the request that they be retained in custody till Williamsburg should be abandoned, by which time the Union sympathizers would be removed. As these men reside within the limits of your command, I deem it proper and just that I should lay before you and submit for your consideration my act by sending the prisoners to you for disposition.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 18, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Army of the United States:

GENERAL: There are some points connected with the supply of the Army of Virginia which require attention to enforce economy and prevent great losses of material. The colonel of a New York cavalry regiment, attached to the Army of Virginia, Colonel Davies, informed me a day or two since that his horses were in fine condition, efficient, and always had been so. This officer was engaged in the two expeditions to cut the railroad starting from Fredericksburg; once he cut it at Beaver Dam, and just before the battle of Slaughter Mountain he cut it at Frederick's Hall. His has done as much hard service probably as any other regiment under General Pope.

General Pope reports to you that the horses of his cavalry are much broken down, and never had been good for anything. In this latter I doubt not he is mistaken. Great care has been taken in purchase of horses, and this stock is I doubt not better than is generally found in armies. But the men are inexperienced as soldiers, and they destroy their horses by hard and unnecessary riding. The strictest rules should ba adopted to prevent all riding faster than a walk, except when actual service makes it necessary. In this hot season a cavalry regiment may be broken down by a few days' improper use of their horses.

General Pope cools for more than 25,000 forage rations, 20 car loads of grain per day, and I am informed that his army refuses to use corn. The oat crop is light, and prices, which ruled last year at this time at about 40 cents per bushel, have now gone up to 70 cents. In view both of the great cost of oats and of the difficulty of transporting daily so large a supply (and the re-enforcements of this army are about to increase the difficulty), it is very desirable that the horses and mules be compelled to use to some degree the forage of the country in which they are operating. Residents of Culpeper report to you that there are large quantities of uncut timothy hay and of anthracite wheat in the county. Properly fed to the animals this fodder would certainly keep them in condition.

The transportation required by the regiments seems to me unneces-

