
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 22. Cedar Mountain, Va., August 18, 1862.

All railroads, and especially the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, within the limits of the Army of Virginia, are placed under the exclusive charge of Colonel Herman Haupt. No officer, whatever be his rank, shall give any orders to any employe of the road, whether conductor, engineer, or other agent. No orders regulating the running of trains, construction or repair of the roads, or transportation of supplies or troops shall be given except by authority of these headquarters, through Colonel Haupt. All persons now employed in any way on these railroads will immediately report to him and will hereafter receive instructions from him only. All requisitions for transportation and all applications for construction or repair of roads will be made direct to him at Alexandria, Va. All passes given by him to employes will be respected as if issued from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 23. Cedar Mountain, August 18, 1862.

The following movement of troops will be immediately made. The trains belonging to the different corps will take up the march as follows, viz:

Sigel's will pursue the road to Sulphur Sprigs, endeavoring to reach that place by daylight to-morrow morning. An officer will be sent to guide it.

Banks' train, now at Culpeper, will move immediately by the road along the railroad, and will cross the Rappahannock certainly before daylight, in order to make room for McDowell's train.

McDowell's train will follow Banks' as soon as possible.

Reno's train will march by way of Stevensburg; thence to Barnett's Ford, where it will cross as soon as possible.

The corps of Banks, McDowell, Sigel, and Reno will march at 1 o'clock to-night, and follow the routes pursued by their respective trains. Very heavy rear guards of reliable troops, well supplied with artillery and commanded by discreet and prudent officers, will cover the march of the columns at a distance of at least 3 miles in the rear.

The cavalry of each army corps will follow its march in rear of the rear guard.

When the troops have crossed the Rappahannock they will halt, cover the fords with their artillery, and immediately report to these headquarters, which will be with McDowell's corps at the point where the railroad crosses the Rappahannock. The rear guards of the different columns will see that no stragglers fall to the rear, and if any wagons are broken down or abandoned will have them destroyed.

Strict order and discipline are necessary in such a movement, and all officers will be prompt and careful to enforce them.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

