
Some persons are saving what they can for the Federal troops, but the Southerners were taking what they wanted and trying to bind the people to keep the rest, that they could not carry off at the time, for them.

Mr. William T. Mann, who promised Dr. Harrison, if he would remain at Smith's Ridge, to bring his family to him, I found out when I got to Greenbrier was unable to see or have any communication with them whatever, as there had been a guard to watch the roads and his house for fear the doctor would raise an armed force and come down upon them unawares. But before I left the guard was ordered to Lewisburg, and W. T. Mann was determined to get them and bring them to their farther.

I heard some say that they would send a company after Dr. Harrison, if they could get him, any distance.

It is supposed that when they get all the militia their force will amount to 2,500 or 2,600.

CHARLESTON, April 8, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Wheeling:

The severe rains of the past two days will delay Colonel Scammon a little. Meanwhile preparations are being carefully made. No further news from the front.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am called upon to supply a large number of horses to the Army of the Potomac and to those of the Rappahannock and of the Shenandoah, all of which are now operating in Virginia.

General Shields calls upon me for 135 horses for his batteries, which have suffered in the late marches and actions.

Colonel Mix, of the Van Alen Cavalry, calls for 155 horses, having 158 men dismounted. He has just returned from a march through the Shenandoah Valley, in which his mounted men charged and drove a portion of Ashby's cavalry several miles. He informs me that there are many good horses in the valley of the Shenandoah, and thus, had he been permitted, he could not only have mounted his own dismounted men, but could have collected from rebel sympathizers horses enough to supply a full regiment in addition. This was not permitted, and this cavalry regiment, leaving this disloyal people in possession of horses fit for military service, returns, part of its soldiers marching on foot, to be supplied with horses to be drawn from the loyal people of loyal States and to be paid for in promises to pay. A horse fit for military service is as much a military supply as a barrel of gunpowder, or a shotgun, or rifle.

The 491st paragraph of the Regulations authorizes the general commanding the army to levy military contributions in money or kind on the enemy's country occupied by the troops "when the wants of the

