
FORT MONROE, VA., August 19, 1862-10 p. m.

(Received August 20, 10 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General McCall's division left here this morning, consisting of about 8,000 men. General Morell, with about 7,500 men and five batteries, goes to-day, and should be at Aquia Creek early to-morrow morning. The remainder of Porter's command will leave to-morrow. These are all the troops now here. We have a large surplus of transportation, and if all are promptly unloaded and return the army can be moved with great rapidity.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,August 19, 1862-12.40 p. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: We have seen or heard nothing of the enemy. General Sigel says he only wants me to guard his right flank, as he has three regiments in his rear.

I have the Maine on picket to the rear and left of Cedar Mountain, and the Jersey patrolling the Raccoon Ford road. General Sigel has moved off nearly all his corps.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 19, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Harrisburg, Pa.:

From information received here it is feared that an attempt may be made in Maryland to destroy railroad bridges, so as to interrupt the transportation of troops. It is hoped that you will give the matter your usually prompt attention.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

August 19, 1862-12.5 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have received your dispatch of to-day. I had previously attended to the subject alluded to; will, however, repeat my orders. I will leave to-day for Philadelphia, to hurry on volunteers from that city. Brigadier-General Ketchum will attend vigilantly to the duties here. All we want are cars. These we will leave, and will send forward troops more rapidly from this place. Ten regiments have been forwarded. Governor Curtin will loan me what muskets we require, I promising to return the same number. This, I presume, will be approved. The want of clothing and other articles in Ohio is much felt.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

