HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, August 19, 1862 - 11.10 a. m.

(Received 11.45 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

My whole train is between here and the Rappahannock, in three columns, and will cross to-night. My command is now passing through the town, and will also cross to-night. Lee is in command near Raccoon Ford. The whole secesh army is between there and Orange Court-House. Our trains marched all night. The enemy has as yet made no move against us.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 19, 1862 - 7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The corps of McDowell and Banks, with their trains, have crossed the Rappahannock. I encamped on this side and have not yet heard from Sigel or Reno, but doubt not that both will be in position by morning. My command is greatly fatigued, but in good spirits. The line of the Rappahannock above its junction with the Rapidan is very weak, as it is fordable almost everywhere and runs through a flat country. I must keep possession of the railroad, and cannot therefore draw farther down stream than I am now.

An engagement with the enemy here will be simply a pitched battle in the open field, the river presenting scarcely any impediment, while the country is very open. I will report further as soon as I hear from the other corps.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near crossing of the Rappahannock, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Second Army Corps, Army of Virginia:

GENERAL: As soon as you shall have crossed the bridge at Rappahannock you will turn to the right downstream and allow your troops to bivouac near the water. You will unpack nothing from your trains, but will have them hitched up immediately after daylight in the morning, and have your men ready to move at that time into the position which will be assigned them. You will receive further instructions in the morning. General Buford, with his cavalry, will be at Brandy Station to-night, covering your front. General McDowell's corps will be on your right. There is a telegraph operator on the left side of the river, about 200 or 300 yards from the bridge. Telegraph me everything of importance.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

