
from Bealeton (up the railroad) to opposite your camp. Look out for it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General BAYARD:

GENERAL: On account of the condition of your command, as represented by yourself, the order for service to Sulphur Springs is countermanded.

The general commanding directs that you report the reasons why the cavalry brigade has had no rations and is otherwise unfit for service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

AQUIA, VA., August 20, 1862 - 11.35 a. m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

Griffin's brigade all here; Porter's gone up to Falmouth; balance on the way up here in transports. Tyler's heavy batteries in the stream waiting to land after Griffin passes. Large numbers of troops this a. m. coming up on transports. Balance of our division ought to be here to-night.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] FORT MONROE, VA., August 20, 1862.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

MY DEAR BURN.: You will have learned ere this that our movement in retreat was most successfully accomplished, without loss and without abandoning any property.

Since my arrival here I have received a couple of telegrams from Halleck, indicating that Pope was in danger, and urging that re-enforcements be sent on as rapidly as possible.

I am pushing everything; not a moment is being lost, and it shall not be my fault if the troops do not arrive in time.

Yesterday and to-day I have received intelligence from confidential sources leading me to think it probable that Halleck either will not or cannot carry out his intentions in regard to my position, as expressed to you. This shall make no difference with me. I shall push on everything just as if I were to remain in command. Please keep me posted as to all you know.

I shall remain here until the whole or the mass of this army is embarked, unless I receive orders to the contrary in the mean time.

I send this by a special messenger.

Ever your friend,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

