
FORT MONROE, August 20, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegram of 6.30 p. m. yesterday received. I have been pushing everything since I arrived here, and shall continue to give it my personal attention. I understand that you want the artillery and infantry first, wagons, &amp; c., to come afterward. Rely upon me to push everything forward. Shall they go to Aquia or Alexandria?

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

AUGUST 20, 1862 - 11 a. m.

General PORTER:

Please push off your troops without one moment's delay. The necessity is very pressing - a matter of life and death. What progress is made and when will you be through? See me before you sail.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 20, 1862 - 11 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

In addition to embarking the remainder of General Porter's command at Newport News to-day we shall begin to send General Heintzelman's corps from Yorktown on steamers of heavy draught of water, which I respectfully suggest can be unloaded much more rapidly at Alexandria than at Aquia Creek.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, August 20, 1862 - 12 m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A telegram will reach you with this from the superintendent of the Eastern Virginia Lunatic Asylum, which seems to require explanation from me.* Williamsburg is not evacuated by our forces, but will be held by a strong force of cavalry for several days. When applied to to furnish medical attendance and surgeons to enable the present employes to runaway, I took the ground that the superintendent must make the arrangements himself. I recommend that they be required to provide employes who can and will remain. There is time enough to do this.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Monroe, August 20, 1862.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Yorktown:

It is of vital importance that you should get men and guns off as rapidly as possible, leaving the material which is not absolutely necessary to follow more leisurely.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* To appear in Series III.

---------------

