
graphed to New York and published. Others have been divulged in the same way. I don't know where the leak is, but we must find it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 21, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

The money telegraphed for has been ordered. No previous requisition was ever received at the War Department. General McClellan's forces will be pushed up the Rappahannock as fast as they land. Keep scouts well out on your right.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 21, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Major-General RENO,

Commanding Detachment Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to instruct you to send General Buford immediately, with two or three regiments of cavalry and two pieces of artillery, to make a strong reconnaissance toward Stevensburg, and that you advance three regiments of infantry and a battery 3 miles south of the Rappahannock to support him.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST AND SECOND DIVS., NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 21, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

GENERAL: General Buford is still about 2 miles on the south side of the river, with three regiments of infantry and all his cavalry and a battery of artillery. The enemy, apparently, has fallen back. General Buford had a lively little skirmish. His loss is small. I cannot get any very reliable account of their numbers from the contraband we have here. I sent the most intelligent one to you. The contraband says that General Longstreet's division arrived within 4 miles of this place yesterday morning. I presume he is waiting for re-enforcements. General Whiting is said to be in rear of Longstreet, but very little reliance can be placed upon what he says with regard to numbers. I think that if there are not more than 15,000 we can hold our own.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

J. L. RENO,

Major-General.

P. S. - I will send you a more correct report as soon as General Buford arrives.

39 R R - VOL XII, PT III

