
Army absolutely require it," and in other cases under special instructions from the War Department.

I submit that the wants of the Army do absolutely require that a portion of its supplies should be drawn from those who, having caused the war, are now waging it against us.

I respectfully advise that the general commanding the Army of the Shenandoah be authorized to levy a contribution upon that territory of not less than 1,500 horses, 500 of them to be used as recruits for the cavalry and artillery and to replace unserviceable horses in the wagon trains of his army, 1,000 to be sent to the depot at Washington for the use of the Armies of the Rappahannock and of the Potomac.

If a still larger number can be raised without too much interfering with agriculture they will be useful, and should, in my opinion, be taken.

Colonel Mix and the quartermaster of his regiment inform me that there would have been no difficulty in collecting 1,000 horses well adapted to military service in Clarke County alone before they reached Berryville; that the horses are generally of a kind not suited for agriculture, and that there are few, if any, young men left in the country, the farms and the stock being generally in charge of slaves. When Jackson retired he is reported to have impressed and taken with him the last 100 young men in the country.

I do not think that good military policy would permit a single cavalry horse to be left in the hands of the disaffected in that department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Numbers 1. Near Alexandria Seminary, Va., April 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCall will to-morrow move with his division to Manassas, the artillery and cavalry (Bayard's regiment) via Fairfax Court-House and Centreville, and the infantry by rail, at such hour as shall be communicated hereafter.

The artillery and cavalry will take at least two days' forage and subsistence, and three days' if they can, and the infantry one day's cooked rations, with as much in bulk in the train as may be on hand. If the artillery should have more on hand than is specified herein the surplus will be taken by rail.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 9, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Shenandoah:

GENERAL: You are authorized and instructed to levy upon the territory occupied by the army under your command a military contribution of not less than 1,500 horses for the use of the army.

You will receive instructions as to the disposition to be made of these horses, which should be duly receipted for by the quartermasters and accounted for as other public property.

