
ston's forces do not exceed 12,000 or 15,000. You had best take three days' rations out of your wagons and send them at once to Catlett's Station, on the railroad, where all our trains are. Keep nothing except shelter-tents, cooking utensils, and rations for three days, and enough wagons to carry these off. If Jackson goes lower down we must leave him to the forces of Burnside and Porter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

August 21, 1862 - 5.45 p. m.

General POPE:

General Hartsuff reports the following:

Long lines of enemy's infantry, with batteries, passing on road to the right.

MCDOWELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 21, 1862 - 7.20 p. m. (Received 7.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Since telegraphing you the enemy has been more fully developed, and I think he is about equally disposed from my right, a little above Rappahannock Station, to my left, at Kelly's Ford. I have moved Banks' corps to a point half way between here and Reno, so as to be in easy supporting distance of either McDowell's corps, occupying front of the railroad crossing, with Sigel's, massed on his right and rear, against any attack from the front. There need be no apprehension, as I think no impression can be made on me for some days. Below Kelly's Ford both fords and roads are bad. Jackson's movement to the east, which is reported, is not definitely ascertained.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 21, 1862 - 7.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Reynolds, with 8,000 men, will join you early to-morrow, and other forces will follow as rapidly as they can be got forward without blocking the roads. General Reynolds is now on the march.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 21, 1862 - 8.30 p. m.

Major-General RENO,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that the enemy are massing heavily on the center and right of our

