
position here, and the indications point to an assault upon us early to-morrow morning. He directs me to instruct you that if you hear the sounds of an actual engagement here in the morning you will leave 4,000 men to hold your present position and will march with the other 4,000 immediately to this point, and you will send word to General Reynolds to-night to hurry on his command with all possible dispatch, and you will give orders that immediately upon the head of General Reynolds' column reaching the point at which you now are, the remaining 4,000 of your command will march to join you at this place as rapidly as possible.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, Va., August 21, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The enemy are massing heavily upon our front and right, and everything indicates an assault upon our position to-morrow morning. We are all ready, and shall make the best fight we can.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 21, 1862 - 11 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

There has been constant skirmishing and heavy artillery firing all day, the enemy shelling points in our position, attempting, but unsuccessfully, to dislodge us. Early this morning I advanced a heavy column of cavalry, artillery, and infantry beyond the Rappahannock, at Kelly's Ford, toward Stevensburg. They encountered Longstreet's and Hill's divisions, and some handsome skirmishing was had, with considerable loss on both sides, compelling the enemy to deploy and seek cover. This column is to-night 2 miles beyond Kelly's Ford.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 21, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Everything sent should be directed first to Aquia Creek. If necessary they will there be ordered to proceed to Alexandria. The enemy is crossing the Rapidan.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, August 21, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The last of Heintzelman's corps will have left by 4 p. m. to-day, Kearny's division having already sailed. Franklin's corps has arrived

