
here and at Newport News. Sumner will arrive to-morrow. What are your views as to the troops to be left here? Cannot some new regiments be sent to compose at least portions of the garrisons of Yorktown, Fort Monroe, &amp; c., so that the largest possible number of old troops may be available for active operations. I propose holding Yorktown and Gloucester, Suffolk, Norfolk, Fort Monroe, and perhaps Williamsburg. Does this meet your views?

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, August 21, 1862 - 10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have forwarded ample supplies of subsistence to Aquia Creek, and think I shall have plenty of ammunition. Can tell you in a few minutes. Forage must be provided from Washington. We have none here to send. Please send ample supplies of forage at once to Aquia.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

AQUIA, VA., August 21, 1862.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER, Fort Monroe:

Louisiana aground in harbor; Knickerbockers aground 10 miles down; troops all off both; baggage off Louisiana. Lighter sent for teams, & ., on Knickerbockers. I start now with Seventeenth and Forty-fourth. Montreal and several others in harbor. Good quartermaster here, and everything goes along as rapidly as possible.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 21, 1862 - 7.55 a. m.

To the President, ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

Telegram received. Two brigades of Porter's corps arrived, with Tyler's heavy artillery, of over forty pieces. A large number of steamers in sight below Aquia. Will telegraph what troops are on board as soon as I learn. Over 6,000 troops were landed yesterday, and I hope double that will be landed to-day. All that I can't land here at once I will send to Alexandria.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 21, 1862 - 12 m.

(Received 1.10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have sent Colonel Tyler's batteries of 4 1/2-inch Rodman's, 8-inch siege guns, 30-pounder Parrotts, and 8-inch mortars to Alexandria. They rely on the Quartermaster's Department for transportation, and we have not the means here. Colonel Tyler's regiment is skillful in the use of the guns, and may be of service in Washington or with General Pope. Your telegram in reference to Heintzelman's corps is just received, and I shall send them to Alexandria. The Rhode Island bat

