
The Maine, Rhode Island, and Harris Light Cavalry did not get the order for three days' rations until their trains had left, which accounts for the absence of rations in these regiments, and they were not then under my command at the time.

I regret exceedingly that the manner in which I have performed my duty does not meet with the approval of the general commanding the corps. I have ever done my best, and yesterday for the first time I was told that I did not perform it.

The Harris Light Cavalry was not in a condition to move last night anywhere, but I should have gone with the Pennsylvania, Maine, and Rhode Island cavalry. I did not make the report I did to be relieved from that order. I am ready at all times to execute any orders given me. I complain not for myself, but my men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

[AUGUST 21, 1862] - 12.25 p. m.

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT, Railroad Agent:

I cannot obtain any reliable information in regard to what my be the permanent demand for transportation on the Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad. More rolling stock should be sent there from Alexandria to meet the present emergency. What is your opinion? What do you advise?

D. C. MCCALLUM.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

August 21, 1862 - 4.30 p. m. (Received 4.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General Pope has this day informed me that he expects re-enforcements from the West and from other sources. Will you please inform me as early in advance as possible what will be the probable demand for transportation, and at what time, as it will be necessary to return power from the south, and from the line where it is held in reserve, to meet the demand when it arrives?

H. HAUPT.

BALTIMORE, MD., August 21, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

Have received the following, which explains itself:

CUMBERLAND, August 21, 1862.

W. P. SMITH, Esq.:

I received a telegram last night at 11 o'clock advising me that there was a rumor of a guerrilla force approaching Rowlesburg, with the evident intention of destroying Cheat River Bridge and Viaduct. I am happy to inform you that through the prompt and energetic action of Mr. Boehm, your agent at this place, I was enabled to move 500 men and a section of a battery from New Creek to the threatened point before 12 to-day. All safe now.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Sent to Washington to-day 3,400 soldiers and expect to send 1,000 more to-night. Had cars at Parkersburg this a. m. for 4,000 men and all artillery horses. Troops to begin loading this p. m. Hope to get off entire command during to-morrow night and Saturday a. m.

W. P. SMITH.

