
The major-general commanding directs you to place your command in a position quickly to re-enforce Griffin if pressed, and at the same time, if found necessary, to be able to move to the support of Generals Reno ad Reynolds. You will therefore keep up frequent communication with these commands, and report here everything of importance received from them or that direction and from your vicinity. You are desired to notify Major-General Reno and Brigadier-General Reynolds of your position and strength and readiness to send or take re-enforcements or co-operate with them, as circumstances require.

You will leave such force as may be necessary to hold Richards' Ferry.

The commanding general relies upon your individual exertions and energy to impress upon your command the necessity of the utmost vigilance and activity, and to require of them prompt execution of all orders and compliance with instructions. You will draw supplies from this point if you cannot get them easier from other sources. If you take supplies from the country, you will see that the orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac are complied with. Be certain your supplies reach you before those on hand are exhausted.

A map will be furnished you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fort Monroe, August 22, 1862 - 11.30 p. m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

The cavalry will be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. Not a moment's time will be lost.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

If you are satisfied that the enemy's main force is moving on Warrenton, mass your troops on the railroad and prepare to attack him in flank. If this should prove to be his move, we will take the offensive against his flank movement. You will readily understand my views.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 22, 1862.

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT, Warrenton Junction, Va.:

Troops will be arriving to-day or to-morrow at Alexandria for the line of the Rappahannock; probably in the next forty-eight hours from 10,000 to 15,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

