
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 22, 1862.

Colonel HAUPT:

If you cannot move the trains beyond Catlett's Station, land all the troops at that place and keep your rolling stock this side and out of danger. Expect large arrivals at Alexandria to-morrow, and make preparations to take them forward to General Pope.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MANASSAS, VA., August 22, 1862.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I cannot believe that the firing at Catlett's could possibly be by the rebels. My theory is that a panic occurred among our teamsters, which communicated to the cavalry, and they commenced firing. An officer on the train confirms the fact of numerous shots, and from his report I am inclined to think that this is the true version. Shall the trains proceed or shall they be held here until morning?

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock, August 22, 1862.

Colonel HAUPT:

Say to Generals Heintzelman, Cox, and Sturgis, as they come forward with their troops, to halt them at Warrenton Junction or on Cedar Creek, and take up a position there against any force of the enemy advancing to the direction of Warrenton.

The enemy has succeeded, in greatly superior numbers, in turning our right in the direction of Sulphur Springs and Warrenton. Ask General Heintzelman to endeavor to keep open the railroad communication between Cedar Creek and Rappahannock Station. I have ordered a force back to Catlett's Station.

Send forward the provision train to-morrow to this point.

JNO. POPE,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Crossing, August 22, 1862.

Major-General RENO,

Commanding Detachment Ninth Army Corps, Kelly's Ford:

GENERAL: Keep 2,000 men and a battery of artillery to hold Kelly's Ford. Put yourself in motion with the rest of your command immediately. It is essential you should be here by daylight or as soon thereafter as possible. Make no delay; the emergency is pressing.

Put your train immediately in motion for Weaversville, on Cedar Creek, a few miles from Catlett's Station. Leave only a battalion or so of cavalry. Bring Buford and the rest of your cavalry with you.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

