
Heintzelman's and Cox's troops are detained for want of cars. You have all the rolling stock and power at and near the Rappahannock.

You can use the cars for either warehouses or for transportation, but not for both.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA.,

August 22, 1862 - 1.50 p. m. (Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Cars will be ready to transport 6,000 men by 3 o'clock. Pope has over 200 cars at his end of the line, or transportation for more than 10,000 men.

JNO. J. KEY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

All troops landing at Aquia Creek will immediately move up the Rappahannock. Those arriving at Alexandria will move out by railroad. Heintzelman's and Cox's troops will go by railroad. Kearny's division has already landed. Would it not be well to disembark these last-named troops at Warrenton Junction, or somewhere in that vicinity, so as to act as a reserve and at the same time to threaten any movement of the enemy by the Springs? They will probably begin to leave Alexandria by 3 p. m. to-day. Cars from your end of the road should be sent to Alexandria forthwith to take out the re-enforcements. Keep me well advised of the enemy's movements, so that, if necessary, I can bring Franklin's corps to Alexandria instead of Aquia.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General POPE, via Falmouth Va.:

The enemy is concentrating, it seems, near Manassas and Bull Run. You must look out for this and immediately break it up, for your supplies must come from Washington and you must fall back in this direction if compelled to retreat. Do not let him separate you from Alexandria. We will send some troops to meet you, but we are very short of transportation. Keep me advised, if possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 22, 1862.

Major-General KEARNY or

OFFICER COMMANDING HEINTZELMAN'S CORPS,

Alexandria, Va.:

As fast as the troops of your corps arrive they will be pushed for

40 R R - VOL XII, PT III

