
LEE'S FORD, August 22, 1862 - 1.15 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Army of Virginia:

COLONEL: My corps is in position at Freeman's Ford, occupying the several fords between Fox's Ford and Beverly Ford. Two companies sent to Fox's Ford were relieved by General Bayard's cavalry. No troops of the enemy are in sight except one battery, some cavalry, and some infantry. Two regiments of infantry, four mountain howitzers, and one company of cavalry of our troops have crossed the Rappahannock to the left of Freeman's Ford to reconnoiter.

There was evidently no strong force of the enemy on this side of the river.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Skirmishing took place yesterday on the line of the Rappahannock, with considerable loss on both sides. Cannonading this morning, with probability of a general attack. Porter's corps is moving up the river to re-enforce Reno at Kelly's Ford. Heintzelman's corps is ordered to Alexandria, and will be sent by railroad to the Rappahannock as rapidly as possible. Forage ordered to Aquia and schooners to you. I have heard no complaint about ammunition.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The great object now is to hold the line of the Rappahannock till we can get together sufficient forces to take the offensive. If forced to fall back, we must fight in retreat and dispute every inch of ground till we reach Manassas and the Occoquan. The new levies will be put into the forts as a reserve. Of course no definite plan of offensive operations can be formed till we are strong enough to make the attack.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SUFFOLK, VA., August 22, 1862.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

On Friday, Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday last troops left Richmond for Gordonsville by marching. Most of the rebel troops have left Richmond.

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

