
The general will probably leave early to-morrow, and he desires that you superintend the embarkation of your corps and join him with it at Aquia Creek at the earliest possible moment. Bring with you as many wagons as the means of transportation will admit, together with all your reserve ammunition and six days' rations.

Your corps should be in condition to fight immediately upon landing, as you ever are.

Endeavor to reach Aquia Creek in advance of your command, so that you can communicate with the general by telegraph if he is not there.

It is possible that you may have to land at Alexandria.

----------

.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT, General 'S OFFICE, Washington, August 22, 1862.

Numbers 202.

I. Brigadier General John Cook, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty with Brigadier General S. Casey, U. S. Volunteers, and will report in person accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKERSBURG, August 22, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES, Chief of Staff:

Most of my command shipped; wagons and animals go to-morrow unless disappointed in railway transportation.

On marching from Flat Top to the steamboats we made 90 miles in three and a half days.

Colonel J. A. J. Lightburn, Fourth Virginia, is in command on the Kanawha.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE DEPOT,

Washington, August 22, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Two full regiments, with baggage, left Parkersburg in thirty cars, of four trains, last night, and passed Cumberland at 4.30 p. m. to day in good order. We hope to get them to Washington by to-morrow (Saturday) from 9 to 12 a. m. Three more regiments loaded to-day and left Parkersburg, due in Washington Sunday. We have cars ready all day for most of the horses, for half of the wagons, and for all the cannon. If remainder of the troops have reached Parkersburg they will be loaded to-morrow a. m. and started promptly. Ample cars will be ready then and there for the entire movement.

W. P. SMITH.

