HEADQUARTERS, Monterey, April 9, 1862.

General FREMONT:

For last three days the weather has been terrible; constant blinding storm of snow, mixed with rain, which freezes to trees and limbs to extent as to bend and break them, greatly obstructing roads. This, with the high waters, renders our supplies precarious. I learn from refugees that supplies are abundant over in the valley of Virginia, and I think we should hasten there as speedily as possible. The main body of Johnson's forces have stopped beyond the top of the Shenandoah, about 21 miles from here. His cavalry, about 300 strong, are at McDowell, 10 miles from here, and as soon as weather permits, if they remain there, I will bag them. Sent a squad of cavalry to-day to open communication with General Schenck. A foraging party sent to-day returned with plenty of hay, and some corn and rye can be had. I am greatly in need of an efficient quartermaster.

R. H. MILROY,Brigadier-General.

FAYETTEVILLE,

------

--, 1862. (Received April 9, 1862.)

General COX, Commanding:

Captain Havens, Twenty-third, has reached Piney River, on return from Monroe County. Has several horses and about 15 prisoners. All militia and other soldiers in Monroe required to meet at Lewisburg. Ten good citizens from Monroe confirm previous report as to enemy's force and feelings of people.

Respectfully,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Manassas, April 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch concerning Colonel McCallum's report of his abilities to finish, the road to the Shenandoah by Saturday week if he is protected, and asking if I can protect him, is just received. I can protect him, but at the expense of my operations on the other road, and I doubt if he can repair, as he says, without serious detriment to his work on the road to the Rappahannock. The working of the road, its stock, and, it seems to me, the road itself, is in a bad condition in every respect from Alexandria even no farther than out to this place. Yesterday I ordered a brigade of men forward. It commenced leaving Alexandria about noon. Only three-fourths of it has arrived up to this time-thirty hours. The head train was eight hours making 24 miles. It is true the storm was pitiless, but anything of a road would have done better than this. Nothing has come over the road to-day-neither men, food, nor forage. I think the service would be benefitted could Colonel McCallum be out here. There is no way of producing harmony of action between the command and the railroad department. My supplies for the force in front, and which I am bringing and sending forward, must come by this road, except such as I may be able to collect from the country, and it

