
WASHINGTON, August 22, 1862.

General CASEY, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: Troops from Western Virginia will arrive here to-day and to-morrow. They will be immediately sent to Alexandria to the railroad and join General Pope on the Rappahannock.

See that they are pushed forward with all possible dispatch.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Rappahannock:

Your Numbers 50 is all right.* We shall expect to hear from you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Rappahannock Station, August 23, 1862 - 8.45 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just learned by one of my staff direct from Catlett's that the damage done by the enemy is trifling; nothing but some officers' baggage destroyed. The train is secure and our railroad communication as far as I know perfect.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Rappahannock, Va.:

Reynolds' corps and Porter's advance must be at or near Kelly's Ford, and consequently nearer to you than to Burnside. Send your orders there also. It seems to me that to move them as far south as Stevensburg scatters your forces too much. Cannot they move up along the Rappahannock so as to cover the fords in your rear, and also serve as a reserve to your main body? Of course in all this, these matters of detail, you, from your local knowledge, are the best judge, and what I say is only in the way of suggestion. By no means expose your railroad connection with Alexandria. It is of the utmost importance in sending your supplies and re-enforcements. Cox has not arrived. Heintzelman will be pushed forward rapidly, but do not expect him too soon.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

The stream has risen rapidly and will undoubtedly fall as quickly. I hardly think we can count on the ford being impassable longer than late

---------------

* See dispatch of 8.30 a. m., Pope's report, Part II, p. 62.

---------------

