
this p. m. Whilst I have not thought it right to risk the whole of Hartsuff's brigade with the bridge and stream in its present condition, I have ordered the position on the advance hill to be held by two pieces of rifle guns and two infantry companies, and think artillery can be planted on this side so as to prevent the enemy from occupying the hills on the other side.

IRVIN MCDOWELL.

CAVALRY FORCES,

August 23, 1862 - 8 a. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

GENERAL: The enemy have crossed in force at the Springs and are moving down the river. Major Davies reports a brigade across at Fox's Mill also. I have fallen back with artillery and Maine cavalry behind that road.

The Pennsylvania regiment I hold as a support to General Buford.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOWER:

(By Lieutenant Williams, aide-de-camp).

The major-general commanding intrusts to you the entire destruction of the railroad bridge, so that it cannot possibly be used, and so that its repair will be very difficult, and can only be effected by time. With this latter view destroy all the buildings, timber, &amp; c., near it, the materials of which could be applied to its restoration.

(Verbal.) There is on your right a regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery, which you will withdraw and attach to the rear guard when you leave.

ED. SCHRIVER,Colonel, & c.

MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL TOWER. - General Reynolds, commanding a division, is on the march from Kelly's Ford to this place, to follow the Third Corps. General Pope will instruct him to pass General Tower's command and follow immediately after Third Corps. General Tower will follow 3 miles in rear of General Reynolds.

By order:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,
 Rappahannock Station, August 23, 1862.

Numbers 7.

The Third Army Corps will immediately take up the line of march in the following order:

1st. King's division.

2nd. Rickett's division.

The ammunition train will follow each division. The other wagons will follow the ammunition wagons.

