
3rd. Rear guard to consist of Tower's brigade and Hall's battery, which will follow at a distance of 1 1/2 miles in rear of the column.

Duffie's cavalry and a brigade of King's division will constitute the advance guard, who will take up the line of march immediately on the road toward Fayetteville and Warrenton.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MANASSAS, August 23, 1862.

General STURGIS:

From all I can learn there will be an effort made to-night to burn the commissary stores at this place, as also to capture large trains sent back to this place by General Pope. Colonel Holabird, of General Banks' staff, has just come in, and he informs me that the enemy at Catlett's are not guerrillas, but are from the main body of the enemy. He also states that they are crossing the Rapidan somewhere above in considerable force, both infantry and cavalry, and design coming down through Thoroughfare Gap and Warrenton, for the purpose of either flanking Pope or making a raid of some kind. All the military roads are open to these points, and nothing to prevent such a disaster.

I think it absolutely necessary that we have a heavy force of infantry here at this point immediately. In view of what may be coming, General Baks has ordered his trains as far back as Centreville. Please answer immediately, with directions.

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

MANASSAS, August 23, 1862 - 10.15 a. m.

General CULLUM:

I am at Manassas with three trains of troops and stopped because they have not heard from trains that went up this a. m. What are General Halleck's instructions?

D. B. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 23, 1862.

Major General PHILIP KEARNY, Commanding, &amp; c.:

You will oblige me by sending forward a strong force to guard the bridge across Licking Run. I am moving my whole force here on Sulphur Springs, Waterloo Bridge, and Warrenton. Expect to be there to-night.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 23, 1862 - 12.20 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

GENERAL: I arrived at Warrenton Junction with about 3,000 of my command. I have received yours and General Pope's telegraphic

