
possible; but just now we have no time to make the exchange. We are momentarily expecting a battle near Warrenton, and every discharged vessel must be immediately sent back for your troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

RAILROAD DEPOT,

Alexandria, Va., August 23, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

We have forwarded up to this time since yesterday afternoon 6,600 men to Catlett's. This throws our power at the other end. Until it can be returned our capacity is very limited. We will send an engine over to bring troops of Cox's division to Alexandria and make up train in readiness to send forward when engine returns. Devereux is active and efficient. Being compelled to hold rolling stock in readiness to remove supplies in case of an attack in front, this flank movement puts us in bad shape. I have not been able as yet to hear from Catlett's this morning. The confusion there last night must have been awful. Nearly all our wagons are there. Your offer to send cars will expedite matters some. I will keep you advised of everything of importance.

HAUPT.

WASHINGTON, August 23, 1862 - 8.47 a. m.

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT:

Two regiments of Cox's division will reach here within an hour or two. Can they be sent forward to Manassas, or such other point as they are required, in the same cars in which they come here?

Do you find any difficulty in managing the railroad? If quartermasters or other officers refuse or neglect to obey your orders report them immediately, and a prompt and effectual remedy will be applied.

Answer immediately.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 23, 1862 - 8.53 a. m.

W. P. SMITH, Camden Station:

It is deemed important to send to Manassas, without changing cars at Washington, the two regiments of Cox's division to arrive here this morning. Will you instruct your agent here accordingly?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WOOL'S HEADQUARTERS, August 23, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

In our anxiety to meet your wishes we have instructed our agent at Washington already, at the request of Colonel McCallum, to let our cars with the troops from Parkersburg go direct to the Government

