
RAILROAD DEPOT,

Alexandria, August 23, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

I am waiting in intense anxiety to know what has become of returned trains. I ordered some time ago a reconnoitering engine to go forward. No report as yet. If power is returned we can forward large numbers - 10,000 per day. Until I can get answer I can give no information. Not an engine has yet returned of all that went up the road. I learn that some reached Warrenton Junction, which is very favorable intelligence thus far; but why they are not sent back I am yet unable to ascertain.

HAUPT,

Superintendent.

WASHINGTON, August 23, 1862 - 12 o'clock.

Colonel HAUPT:

Have you concluded to send a locomotive here for the train containing Cox's troops or shall they be shipped from Sixth-street wharf to Alexandria?

P. H. WATSON.

ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD DEPOT,

August 23, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

As soon as your telegram was received we asked Colonel McCallum to allow the Baltimore and Ohio engines to run the troops to Alexandria, and we understood that he would do so. If he cannot, we will be unable to send for them under two or three hours, and it would be much better to send them by boat. I propose to go forward again to-night, and see if my personal presence will not expedite the return of cars. Devereux will keep matters straight here. The return of cars promptly is now the all-important consideration.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD DEPOT,

August 23, 1862 - 12.40 p. m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

I have just sent the following to General Pope:

General POPE:

The number of troops now sent forward is 6,600. Fifteen hundred more now marching up, and transportation ready for them. After repeated attempts for hours to get answer I learn that the track is clear, the bridges safe, and that six engines and trains are now ready to return to Alexandria. There must have been great delay somewhere. Please order some competent officer to see that the cars are unloaded and returned. There will be no relaxation of effort on our part so long as we can hold out. Shall the place of unloading be Warrenton or Catlett's for the remainder? Nine trains will be returned in three hours if no accident occurs.

H. HAUPT.

HAUPT.

