
ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 23, 1862.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

As I receive no answer to telegrams from General Pope, I wish to ask if all the troops are to be sent to Warrenton Junction. Is not Catlett's preferable? The shorter the distance the less will be the time required to unload and return cars. The number of trains is so large that Manassas is the only place at which they can be passed. We have advices of ten trains now returning, but none are in yet. As soon as they are in we can return 10,000 men. We are just starting 1,000, Thirty-sixth Ohio, in Baltimore and Ohio cars. I suppose it is your wish that commands should go as much as possible together. Have you directed that Sturgis' command should take precedence of all others? It is so stated, but the orders should be sent to me. The agent at Manassas reports that it is expected an attack will be made on that place to-night by a strong cavalry force. I report the statement, but attach no importance to it. I do not learn that it rests on any good foundation. A note from General Sturgis has just been read. He says you gave peremptory orders that he should be sent after Kearny and before Hooker. Parts of Hooker's division have gone. Shall I send Sturgis ahead of the balance of Hooker's and ahead of Kearny's batteries? Whatever you direct will be carried out. In the absence of instructions we will furnish Hooker and Kearny before commencing on Sturgis. We can get all away by to-morrow morning, if no accident occurs.

H. HAUPT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 23, 1862.

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT,

Superintendent of Railroads:

It is impossible for me to direct the details of running the cars. General Pope must give the general directions, and General Heintzelman, or the officer highest in rank present of his corps, the particular directions for his troops. I believe General Kearny is at present in command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT,

August 23, 1862 - 8.15 p. m.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I fear that I may be compelled to-night to do that which may appear inhuman - turn out the sick in the street. Doctors will persist in sending sick, often without any papers, to get them off their hands, and we cannot send forward the troops if we must run our trains to Washington with sick, to stand for hours unloaded. My first care is to send forward troops, next forage and subsistence. I hope to start forage to-morrow noon. Have you any suggestions?

H. HAUPT.

