
ALEXANDRIA, August 23, 1862 - 10.15 a. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Colonel D. H. RUCKER, Quartermaster:

The Thirty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers are here awaiting railroad transportation. All the railroad forces are busy sending forward the troops of General Heintzelman's corps. General Hooker's division has just arrived, and General Sturgis has made application for transportation for 10,000 more men.

C. B. FERGUSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 23, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Assistant Quartermaster, at or near Manassas, Va.:

I have ordered the horses and mules for General Pope's army to return to this city, fearing they might not be able to reach their destination.

I have directed the ambulances to remain where they are until a necessity arises for their being sent back or an opportunity occurs to send them forward. Please give such instructions to the ambulances as will insure their reaching General Pope's army. There are 75 of them.

D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster and Colonel, &amp; c.

FORT MONROE, August 23, 1862 - 10.50 a. m.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

General McClellan and staff will leave to-day for the Potomac. Captain Sawtelle, with several volunteer quartermasters, will be left to ship up the remaining troops and means of transportation. There will be all possible dispatch. I suspect that more horses will be required at Aquia to fill up the artillery, cavalry, and wagons. Can horses and mules be supplied on short notice? This army should be well supplied now, though there have been losses by hot weather, flies, & c.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel. Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1862. (Received 10.30 a. m.)

General MORELL:

Dispatch received. Move on at once to Kelly's Ford and occupy and hold it. Relieve Griffin when Sykes gets up to him. If you are called upon to go to Rappahannock Station move up to the support of the army there. Your artillery is on the road to you. Sykes will move up this morning and relieve Griffin.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

