
should be in an efficient condition. I am anxious to get the road done to the Rappahannock, so as to commence the building of the bridge over that stream, and unless there are interests I am not aware of I think the work on the Orange and Alexandria should be pushed at the expense of the other. I go to Bristoe to-night.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 10, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have just returned from Alexandria, where I have been all day, and have witnessed with regret the difficulties to which you refer. The causes which have mainly contributed to the present state of things are: First, the want of turn-outs. Second, the difficulty of procuring water for engines. We have been compelled to carry water in buckets from the streams to fill engine-tanks. This not only causes great delay to the train obliged to do so, but has the effect of retarding trains in both directions. Third, our engines are mostly run by men who are not only ignorant of the line of road, but in many cases have had but little experience with the particular engine placed in their charge. Fourth, there is great want of promptness in loading troops; this sometimes is exceedingly embarrassing. We are using the greatest exertions to remedy the matter referred to, and must beg your indulgence for a few days. I can assure you it is quite as annoying to us as it must be inconvenient to your command.

I will be able to answer your question in regard to the Rappahannock bridge to-morrow morning or as soon as I can obtain some facts in regard to it.

D. C. McCALLUM.

HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 10, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Monterey:

As General Banks has not moved forward from Edenburg, General Schenck remains still at Moorefield. Transportation will be ordered forward immediately. Ascertain by spies whether Franklin is still held by the enemy.

J. C. FREMONT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 10, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

We have nothing new to-day. The storm has prevented any operations at Yorktown.

General Fremont telegraphs that General Milroy is in possession of Monterey and Crab Bottom. They are reported to have retired toward the Shenandoah, and to be fortifying themselves east of the Shenandoah Mountain. The great success at Island Numbers 10 and victory over

