
and Rappahannock, so as to get up his supplies, though I do not think it at all possible. I have sent spies and scouts to ascertain whether he is making any movement in the direction of the valley of the Shenandoah.

Please let me know to-night, if possible, whether my order fixing the disposition of the troops is approved.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton, August 24, 18662 - 10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

The following general order will be issued to-morrow, and, unless you have some objections to it, will be carried out.* The reasons for making this disposition of the troops will be given to you fully by letter.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,
 Warrenton, August 25, 1862.

Numbers --.

I. The corps of General McDowell, to which the division of Brigadier-General Reynolds is attached, for the present will occupy Warrenton, with an advance of at least a brigade thrown out toward Waterloo and Sulphur Springs. The cavalry of the corps will be kept along the line of the river.

II. The First Army Corps, under Major-General Sigel, will occupy Fayetteville, and will there be joined by Brigadier-General Cox, whose advance has reached Warrenton Junction. Major-General Sigel will occupy some position in the vicinity of Fayetteville, throwing out an advance of at least a brigade toward the fords in front of his position, and keeping his cavalry along the line of the river.

III. The corps of Major-General Banks, to which will be added 10,000, under General Sturgis, will take post with its right resting on Bealeton Station and its left extended along north side of Marsh Creek; from this corps at least one division will be pushed forward as near as practicable to the railroad crossing of the Rappahannock. If there be any difficulty about water for this corps, wells will be dug immediately.

IV. The detachment of the Ninth Army Corps, under General Reno, will resume its station at Kelly's Ford, putting itself in communication immediately with the forces below it on the river.

V. The troops of Major-General Heintzelman's corps will take post with the corps at Germantown and extended along the Licking River.

VI. General Cox, with the troops under his command, will move forward as soon as possible to Fayetteville and report to Major-General Sigel. Those under General Sturgis will report to Major-General Banks at Bealeton Station.

VII. The headquarters of the Army of Virginia will be established at a point near Warrenton Junction to be hereafter designated.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For the order as issued, see Part I, p. 174.

---------------

41 R R - VOL XII, PT III

