
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 24, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

Your order is all well enough, but you may expect orders to recross the Rappahannock and resume the offensive in a few days. Do not neglect to guard all the fords.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton, August 24, 1862.

Major General PHILIP KEARNY:

The enemy has crossed in considerable force at Sulphur Springs. I am advancing to assault his position.

General Sigel, with his own corps, Banks' and Reno's, numbering about 26,000, is on my left, with his right resting in the road from Fayetteville to Sulphur Springs. McDowell, with his corps, is between Fayetteville and Warrenton, with the head of his leading division 1 1/2 miles beyond Warrenton, on the Sulphur Springs road; his second division is about 2 miles southeast of Warrenton, on the road to Fayetteville, with its head on a cross-road to Sulphur Springs. I shall advance at once to the attack and endeavor to drive back the force which has crossed.

I desire you, after posting a pretty strong force at Licking Bridge and leaving strong guards for trains at Catlett's, to move forward immediately with all the rest of your available force to Warrenton, so as to arrive as early in the day as possible.

Bring forward with you 100,000 rations of bread, coffee, salt, and sugar, by rail, if possible, otherwise by train, the wagons to be drawn from Catlett's Station.

I have instructed Colonel Beckwith with regard to these supplies.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Warrenton, August 24, 1862 - 1.10 p. m.

Major-General KEARNY:

The enemy is retreating from Sulphur Springs, pursued by the First and Second Corps, toward Waterloo Bridge. I have had the bridge destroyed.

The movement of your troops in this direction will therefore be needless. I desire, as the forces accumulate at or near Warrenton Junction, to have them pushed forward to Rappahannock Station; I should think that Licking Creek would be the best point to unload the troops hereafter arriving.

Please examine the position for that purpose. I shall probably be at Warrenton Junction to-morrow myself.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

