HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 24, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: It is the order of Major-General McDowell that you move your cavalry force over between Fayetteville and Rappahannock Station, there to dispose of it in such a way as to prevent molestation by the enemy from the direction of Rappahannock Station by covering the rear and left of our army. Keep the water bank between these points under observation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Rappahannock Station, August 24, 1862.

General MCDOWELL:

I am here since 10 this morning. Nothing but the departure of the army has transpired. No appearance of the enemy on the other side of the river that I can see. My men and horses have nothing to eat, the three days' rations being gone. I have sent for my wagons, but don't know where to find them, and in consequence do not know whether I shall have any rations. If you can do anything you will much oblige me in this essential point.

My quartermaster-general is near Mr. Bowen. After the information the enemy brought his forces against our right. I have no orders, and desire them sent me. I have with me a battalion and a company. I know that the balance of my regiment is at Warrenton town.

My horses are nearly worn-out. The enemy is 2 miles from the bridge.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Colonel.

DEAR COLONEL: Please will you mention to General McDowell it is necessary for my command to go into camp, my horses and men being utterly worn-out by the hard duties performed last night and this morning, and it is necessary for me to have some new horses to mount my men, and some sabers and pistols, and a forge to shoe my horses.

A. N. DUFFIE.

AUGUST 24, 1862.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report the location of my division about 3 miles from the hill where I met the general commanding this afternoon. Duryea's brigade on the right of the road in the woods; Thompson's battery in advance of him; Hartsuff's brigade on the left, and Matthews' battery in advance; Carroll in rear, and when Tower comes up I will place him in rear of Duryea, and the two batteries now with Tower in reserve; My headquarters at the house of Mr. Kemper, on the left of the road to the Springs, and 3 miles from Warrenton.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

