HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Aquia Creek, August 24, 1862 - 12 m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you at 6 a. m. this day that I had arrived here and respectfully reported for orders.* I have heretofore received none, except to transfer my command to Aquia, and subsequently a telegraphic dispatch to come on in person as soon as I could.

I took it for granted that I was to come here to receive orders and am ready to move in any direction, having my staff, &amp; c., still on the steamers. The mass of Franklin's corps has passed here for Alexandria. A portion at least of Sumner's will embark to-day; the whole, if transports are ready for it. As soon as transportation is available Couch's division might embark at Yorktown.

I regret to learn that General Pope last night abandoned Rappahannock Station without giving the slightest information to Morell and Sykes, who were within 6 miles of him. They discovered the fact accidentally this morning by means of a patrol they sent out. No certain direction can be given to those divisions until the position and intentions of Pope are ascertained, which can only be done through you.

Williams' regiment of cavalry, from Port Royal, should be here in a few hours. I think they had better disembark here, as Porter and Burnside are very weak in cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

AQUIA, August 24, 1862.

General PORTER:

Have you had anything new from Washington since I saw you which causes you to say you shall push on to Rappahannock Station?

Please inform me at once. I am waiting an answer from Washington.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 24, 1962 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

Porter and Reno should hold the line of the Rappahannock below Pope, subject for the present to his orders. I hope by to-morrow to be able to give some more definite directions. You know my main object, and will act accordingly.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 24, 1862 - 1.44 p. m.

Major-General MCCLELLAN, Aquia Creek, Va.:

I think Sumner's corps had better land at Aquia. We will then endeavor to get the forces together. A part of Heintzelman's corps

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XI, Part I, p. 93.

---------------

