
pursuit. What we intend is to hold the line of the Rappahannock until all our forces can get together. Your operations are to be directed to this object. Kearny is at Warrenton Junction, but Pope is near Waterloo Bridge. There is no telegraph line to him.

H. W. HALLECK.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 24, 1862 - 12.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Burnside directs me to send you the following telegraph and ask if you have any instructions for him:

CRITTENDEN MILLS, August 24.

General PARKE:

GENERAL: The patrol has just returned (sunrise) from Rappahannock Station; reports everything burned, quiet, and deserted; could not see or hear anything of Generals Reno or Reynolds. They are undoubtedly gone with the army. Heavy firing was heard in the direction of Warrenton last evening and the latter part of the afternoon.

GEO. W. MORELL,

Major-General.

Another from the advance, 7.30 a. m., to General Porter:

A courier, just arrived, informs me that the Pennsylvania Reserve and all General Pope's army have fallen back to Warrenton. All the fords above Barnett's have been abandoned by our troops. The railroad bridge at Rappahannock burned, stores, &amp; c.

This courier reports that the enemy can cross anywhere between Rappahannock, which they shelled up to last night. I shall camp near Morrisville post-office and await instructions. If the enemy cross lower down than Rappahannock, Morell and I are all that is between him and Fredericksburg. Might he not take a turn this way? If I stay here I ought to have some cavalry for patrols and some artillery. There is no communication between me and Reynolds or General Pope; it is evidently cut off. Send me instructions at once. I hear incidentally that Morell returns to Fredericksburg.

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General.

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, August 24, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I know nothing of General Pope's whereabouts, as he has failed to communicate with Porter's advance, which was but a short distance from him when he left Rappahannock Station. Our scouts discovered that the position was evacuated. I still hold the lower fords. I am at a loss to know whether Pope has continued his retreat behind the Occoquan. If consistent, please inform me of Pope's situation and send me any instructions you may have for myself or General Porter. General McClellan is at Aquia Creek, awaiting orders.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

WASHINGTON, August 24, 1862 - 1.40 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

General Pope attacked last night a portion of the enemy's forces which had crossed the Rappahannock at Sulphur Springs and drove them back. It is expected that the fight will be renewed to-day in that vicinity. I think we shall soon be strong enough to attack the main force of the enemy beyond the Rappahannock, but the present

