
WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 25, 1862-10.20 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I suggest that hereafter troops march to this point instead of being sent by rail. It will only take about three days to march from Alexandria, and the accommodation on the railroad is so poor that the delay is about equal to that time.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,Near Waterloo Bridge, August 25, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff, Army of Virginia:

General Buford has not destroyed the bridge, and we found the enemy with his infantry on the other side yesterday. I therefore cannot leave before General McDowell has arrived. When will he be here?

The enemy is advancing with one brigade, six regiments of infantry, one cavalry, and one battery against the bridge, and probably will try to cross a cavalry force at Sulphur Springs. I saw them marching off from Jefferson in that direction.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 25, 1862-11.25 a.m.

Colonel RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will please find reports by Colonel Clark, aide-de-camp, from the signal-corps station, of the movements of the enemy on the south side of Hedgeman's or Rappahannock River. The facts are reported as having been observed by himself, and can be relied upon as being as near the truth as the distance will permit.

It seems to be apparent that the enemy is treating or moving upon the valley of the Shenandoah via Front Royal, with designs upon the Potomac, possibly beyond.

Not knowing whether you have received this information, I forward it for the consideration of the commanding general.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

ON THE MARCH, August 25, 1862-8.45 a.m.

Major-General BANKS:

GENERAL: The column of rebel infantry and artillery still passing; are evidently on the road between Jefferson and Amissville, and going

