
WATERY MOUNT, August 25, 1862-9.15 a.m.

Colonel SCHRIVER:

About 40 wagons and a force of cavalry in woods southwest from this point about 3 miles distant. Are they our troops? A strong force of cavalry moving toward the wagons from opposite direction.

TAYLOR,

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, August 25, 1862.

General McDOWELL:

GENERAL: I am about a mile from the creek, which is just this side of the Springs. Colonel Sackett is here, and reports that in endeavoring to rejoin his corps the enemy opened on him with artillery, firing five shells at him, that being preceded by the fire of small-arms. I have withdrawn the picket from Fox's Mill. Colonel Sackett has the Ninth New York Cavalry, and I have with me two mountain howitzers, the Harris Cavalry, the Jersey regiment. The Pennsylvania regiment and Maine are at the forks of the Warrenton and Warrenton Junction roads.

A man has just come in from Ricketts' division, and he says they are going to the Springs.

I have sent down four companies of the Harris Cavalry to find out if Colonel Sackett had made a correct report, and, if not, to push in at once. I pushed on here at once after sending Colonel Jones to look out for my rear, and I am thinking that the colonel was a little stampeded. But I will know in a few moments. Send me some writing paper and envelopes, if you please, as this is about the last I have.

GEO. D. BAYARD,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, August 25, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Colonel Kilpatrick reports at least two companies of rebel infantry in the woods this side of the Springs. Colonel Sackett insists that the battery is on this side of the river. The enemy must therefore be able to cross the river. Colonel Kilpatrick's skirmishers are retiring before the advancing rebels.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA, August 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,Commanding, &amp;c.:

I send the following, received from General Bayard in front of you:

The enemy has crossed at the Springs with artillery, cavalry, and infantry. I have fallen back to forks of Warrenton and Warrenton Junction roads.

