
II. Reynolds' division will be posted on the road to Sulphur Springs, with one brigade thrown forward to within about 4 miles from the Springs.

III. Ricketts' division on the Waterloo road, with one brigade thrown forward to within 4 miles of Waterloo.

IV. The cavalry brigade (General Bayard's) will, as soon as relieved by the cavalry of Sigel's corps, draw over on the Sulphur Springs road, in advance of the infantry brigade there.

General Buford, commanding brigade, will take post on the Waterloo road, in advance of the brigade on that road.

Division and brigade commanders will report frequently to these headquarters, at or near Warrenton.

Officers of all grades must keep with their commands.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

S. F. BARSTOWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VA.,

No. 9. Warrenton, August 25, 1862.

All the divisions of the corps, Bayard's and Buford's cavalry brigades, and the signal corps will hold themselves prepared to march at an early hour to-morrow morning. Full supplies of ammunition and subsistence must accompany the several commands.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 25, 1862-3.30.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Falmouth, Va.:

Push forward a reconnaissance across the Rappahannock and ascertain, if possible, where the enemy has his main body.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 25-3.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

There is a great deal of drunkenness and disorder here; hundreds of soldiers loitering around. Brigade and regimental commanders seem to take no notice of it. The force at my disposal is insufficient.

H. L. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 25, 1862-4 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Shall the artillery of my corps be sent to Warrenton Junction by rail or shall it march there? Captain Livingston's battery is here, and has sufficient transportation to march at once.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

