
ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, August 25, 1862. (Received 1.10 p.m.)

Colonel KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army:

I have just received the following telegram from General McClellan. The troops referred to have not arrived here. As I am about leaving I deem it proper to send it to headquarters.

AQUIA, 25th.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Alexandria:

I have just learned that some steamers with troops passed here last night going up the river. Should these troops belong to General Sumner's corps or Colonel Williams' regiment of cavalry, I will thank you to direct the officers in command to return to this place, unless they have different orders from Washington or from General Sumners.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR MORRISVILLE, August 25, 1862-11.45 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

I find that last night Pope's cavalry was withdrawn by order and Kelly's Ford abandoned, without any notice to my command or the cavalry picketing the river. No enemy seen on opposite side of river, except what was moving up toward Sulphur Springs. A good ford about 3 miles above railroad bridge. Kearny is at Warrenton Station, picketing to Bealeton. No pickets extending from Pope's this way and no efforts made to keep up communication. The removal of his cavalry diminishes the means. Morell is near Morrisville, with Griffin at Barnett's. Sykes 2 miles to the rear, with Warren at Barnett's, to take Griffin's place when he goes to Kelly's. I shall go to Barnett's, then Kelly's, and on return give such intelligence as I can gain. Water is very scarce on the road, insufficient for large commands. Regiments have 40 rounds, two wagons each; brigade headquarters one; division headquarters two. Will give full report on return. Four companies of Rhode Island cavalry at Rappahannock Station last night. Telegraph advance very slowly-too slowly. More poles are said to be wanted and wire.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

DEEP CREEK. (Received August 25, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

The report to me that all Pope's cavalry at Kelly's Ford was withdrawn is an error. He left a small company at the ford.

I find, or think, the enemy is merely watching us at Barnett's, and was within striking distance of Kelly's. Sufficient force to resist crossing. The enemy has shown himself in small parties. I have decided to leave Griffin at Barnett's for a day longer, the remainder of Morell to Kelly's, and to-morrow, depending on information I get from a party I have sent to Rappahannock Station, to push Sykes there or halt him

