
in supporting distance of Morell, ready to push on the Rappahannock Station. I find the river can be crossed almost anywhere by cavalry and infantry; so that, with the exception of the prominent fords, watching is all I can do. The special fords I can hold easily. At Rappahannock Station are four companies of Rhode Island cavalry, and Kearny's pickets are at Bealeton. Reno and Reynolds I can hear nothing of. Reno's batteries have been withdrawn from Kelly's and Barnett's. The country is miserable, scarcely producing good telegraph poles, and needs must less furnish subsistence for man or beast for this army.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

ADVANCE. (Received August 25, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

Have you received my dispatches indicating my movements to-morrow? You know that Rappahannock Station is under fire from the opposite hills and the houses were destroyed by Pope. I do not like to direct movement on such uncertain data as that furnished by General Halleck. I know he is misinformed of the location of some of the corps mentioned in his dispatches. Reno has not been at Kelly's for three days, and there is only a picket at Rappahannock Station, and Kearny, not Banks, is at Bealeton. Reno and Reynolds are beyond my reach. I have directed Sykes to go to Rappahannock Station at 5 to-morrow, and shall go there myself via Kelly's Ford. Does General McClellan approve? About daybreak my aide and scout will be in from below. Have you any orders? I want cavalry to remain with me for a few days. For want of grain and provisions I have had to send home some who came up.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 25, 1862-9.10 p.m.

Captain H. C. RANSOM,

Assistant Quartermaster, Warrenton Junction:

Your telegraph received. One thousand five hundred horses and 230 mules will leave this city for you to-morrow by the pike.

D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster and Colonel, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 25, 1862-12.45 a.m.

Colonel HAUPT,

Alexandria:

General Hooker was in Alexandria last night, but I will send to Willard's and see if he is there. I do not know of any other place that he frequent here. Be patient as possible with the generals. Some of them will trouble you more than they will the enemy. You are accomplishing more than I expected you could under the adverse circumstances against which you have had to work.

If Hooker is not heard from within an hour, give directions to the next officer under him, or to the colonels of the regiments, when or

