
where they must have their men ready to embark. If they refuse to go, report the fact, and load up the trains with other troops and send them forward. There must be no stop to the movement of the troops outward except to send supplies.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

We find great difficulty and delay in sending off troops, each commander requiring transportation more than can be furnished them. If an officer of your staff was appointed, who would be authorized to designate what troops should first be forwarded, we could always report to him the amount of transportation on hand and the time when it could be ready. The officers in command of the troops arriving could report to him at this office, and necessary directions could then be given. I would suggest Major Key, as he understands the difficulties existing here and the causes of delay.

H. HAUPT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 25, 1862.

Colonel HAUPT,

Superintendent of Railroads, Alexandria, Va.:

When you cannot get orders from General Pope, land the troops where you deem most convenient, but as near to General Pope's army as you can.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., August 25, 1862-10.10 a.m.

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Alexandria:

General Halleck approves of all that we have done and now understands the position of affairs. All officers on arrival must report to me for directions. After Hooker's command goes off there must be no more trains loaded on the main track. All the regiments that come in must lie along the Washington Branch road, where they can be loaded without encumbering the main track. Trains go forward in the following order, as nearly as possible: Subsistence for men, forage, ammunition, hospital stores, veteran troops, raw troops. I will be back soon.

H. HAUPT.

AQUIA CREEK, August 25, 1862-5 p.m.

General M. C. MEIGS:

General McClellan and staff arrived here night before last, with the escorts and trains belonging to headquarters. We are still on board transports waiting orders. I have examined the site for the proposed

