
wharf; it is a good one, and a wharf should be built if we contemplate using this point for extensive military operations. To gather the material and make a strong wharf of proper size with piles and lumber will require considerable time, as I know from experience; but a temporary one can be made without delay by mooring barges in the proper depth of water, have them fastened to strong piles, so that vessels can lay along side securely, and connect the barges with shore by pontoons. Such a wharf can be built quickly and can be used by troops of all arms. A permanent what can then be constructed at leisure if found desirable. Most of our barges are now in use as landings at Yorktown, Fort Monroe, and Newpoort News. There will soon be enough however for any purpose.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Chief Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, August 25, 1862-8.30 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Falmouth:

It has been dangerous to send any small steamers or schooners with horses up the bay to-day. General Sumner would not consent to any of the large steamers, on which his command embarked, starting until all the corps was embarked. He now sends me word he will start with all his infantry at 10 o'clock to-night. All Franklin's batteries and three of Sumner's are afloat; the others are loading. Norris' cavalry is embarking to-night. All the headquarters baggage train is embarked. The trains of Porter's corps, of the reserve artillery of Franling's corps, and of the Engineer Brigade are being embarked here as rapidly as possible. I have to-day sent a considerable number of light schooners to Yorktown. The gale is now abating, and I think by daylight to-morrow morning I can safely send the large number of schooners and small steamers now lying in this harbor loaded with horses, wagons, and batteries on board. I will push the embarkation with all the dispatch possible. If none of Keyes' corps are to embark at once, I can now send the cavalry and teams very rapidly by using both steamers and schooners.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No. 206. Washington, August 25, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier General John P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as military governor of Alexandria, and will immediately assume command of the troops in and in the vicinity of Alexandria not connected with the fortifications.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

