
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 25, 1862.

General JULIUS WHITE,

Winchester, Va.:

The enemy has been driven back behind the Rappahannock, near Sulphur Springs, but a part of his forces may be moving into the Shenandoah Valley. Keep me advised of any information you may received of his movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 25, 1862-11.15 a.m.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your order received. I have infantry and artillery to hold this post, but none to spare.

Want of cavalry prevents me from obtaining information that might be important. There is a regiment in my rear at Martinsburg, I am told.

Union men in this region constantly inform me that the demonstration of General Pope's right is to keep the valley clear for their real attack on Maryland. I respectfully submit the information without vouching for its reliability.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 25, 1862-8 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK:

Cavalry reconnaissance in the direction of Ashby's and Manassas Gaps are out from here. From the latter, at 2 p.m. to-day, I hear there is no movement of the enemy in my direction. From the former, no report yet. Suspicious fires beyond the mountains, to the west of this, are observed this p.m. If troops are moving in that direction it is toward Romney and Cumberland. I have spies and scouts up the valley toward Luray and Woodstock, but no report from them yet. The train from Harper's Ferry arrived safely this evening. No Government property was destroyed on the train burned Saturday evening.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy furnished General Pope by General Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, August 25, 1862-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHITE,Commanding, Winchester:

I have good reason to believe that the enemy is moving toward Front Royal in some force. Keep a good lookout, and by all means keep your men in their camps and your stock of provisions always on hand.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

