
WINCHESTER, VA., August 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, and

Major General JOHN POPE,

Headquarters Army of Virginia:

I know that parties, ranging from 50 to 100 each, of Ashby's cavalry are in this vicinity. They have lately come. From citizens in all directions come statements that their secession neighbors are expecting the enemy down the valley immediately. These rumors you will judge of. The tone of the people confirm this theory; yet my information from above, though not positive, indicates no movement yet down the valley. I have two weeks' subsistence in the fort, including water. Ammunition plenty, but no artillerists fit to work the heavy guns. You may rely, however, on our holding the position as long as possible. My greatest fear is that they would not stop here if they come at all.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 26, 1862-11.45 a.m.

Major-General POPE,

Warrenton, Va.:

Not the slightest dissatisfaction has been felt in regard to your operations on the Rappahannock.* The main object has been accomplished in getting up troops from the Peninsula, although they have been greatly delayed by storms. Moreover the telegraph has been interrupted, leaving us for a time ignorant of the progress of the evacuation. Just think of the immense amount of telegraphing I have to do, and then say whether I can be expected to give you any details as to movements of others, even when I know them. Franklin's corps is at Alexandria, and will march as soon as the wagons arrive. Sumner's is somewhere on the way, and Keyes' still behind. A change in the organization of corps will be made when we get the troops into position, and we may then arrange about Sigel. If possible to attack the enemy in flank do so, but the main object now is to ascertain his position. Make cavalry excursions for that purpose, especially toward Front Royal. If possible to get in his rear, pursue with vigor.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WARRENTON, Tuesday, August 26, 1862-1.45 a.m.

Major-General POPE,

Warrenton Junction:

I went on top of Watery Mountain yesterday afternoon, after you left, to see if anything could be seen of the enemy. The only indications I saw were his camp-smokes. These extended from Sulphur Springs back beyond Jefferson and from Sulphur Springs up the river beyond Waterloo. I will direct Rickett's division upon the river at Sulphur Springs; but as the ground opposite the ford at this place is a low

---------------

*This in reply to dispatch of 9 a.m., August 25. See Pope's report, Part II, p. 65.

---------------

