
of bad weather and bud roads. Where is General Shields? Please state the position of your force.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WOODSTOCK, April 11-7 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Blenker left Warrenton the 6th instant for Strasburg. He was to join General Fremont, but to report to me for temporary duty on his arrival here; that finished, to go to Winchester and report to you for orders. He is now en route for this line, but at what point I don't know. General McClellan gave me this information. General Shields arrived here last evening from Strasburg. His arm is doing well. My advance brigade is in Edenburg, Colonel Gordon commanding; General Shields' division on the right, in the rear of Edenburg about 3 miles; two brigades of General Williams' division between Edenburg and Woodstock, on the left; artillery and cavalry in similar positions. They include about 12,000. General Abercrombie's brigade is at Warrenton. Colonel Geary is ordered to the line of the road to protect General McCallum's bridge-builders. Large detachments are protecting railroad bridges, towns, &amp;c., in our rear. I reported by letter exact position of all my forces, detached and otherwise, some days since.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., April 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: You will proceed forthwith to Strasburg by the quickest route and thence to Brigadier-General Blenker's division, and cause the force to move as speedily as possible by way of Winchester to Harper's Ferry, there to report to Major-General Fremont for orders.

This division has been detached from the Army of the Potomac to join General Fremont's command. You will also see and confer with Major-General Banks, ascertain the position of his force, and also the state of the force at Winchester. You are authorized to give such orders as may in your judgment be required for the service in respect to Blenker's division, and may exercise whatever discretionary authority may be necessary to place Blenker's division in its proper position and within the orders of General Fremont.

You will report to the Department at every telegraphic station, and ask for such other and further instructions as may be required.

Yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WHEELING, VA., April 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you inform me what is the strength of Blenker's division and

