
west of Fayetteville. The road from this point to Foxville Ford, on the Rappahannock, is for the most part of good width and quite practicable for the army and train. We have often passed over worse roads. The last mile toward the river is narrow, rocky bottom, and in some places muddy-a light, thin mud. Foxville is on the river. The ford is about 8 or in width. On the right bank, about half way, the water is not much over shoes; on the left, about up to the hips of a good sized man. The average depth on the west side is about the same for 8 or 10 rods up and down the river. The bottom is stony and sandy; the deepest part is sandy, and just below the ford there are light rapids. The bank on the east side is abut 4 or 5 feet high; on the west side not so high, being a very gentle slope to the water. The soil is clay; dry now, but troublesome in wet weather; distance, about 5 miles. On the opposite page is a diagram representing the river, two mill-courses, and one water-course.* The mill-course unite below the bridge. The bridge over the waste on the first course remains; that over the mill-courses is destroyed. This must be rebuilt to pass horses or teams, as the course is deep and banks high and very steep. Both sides of the river are lightly fringed with willows. The enemy has no pickets on the opposite side of the river. I have four companies on this side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD AMY CORPS, ARMY OR VIRGINIA,August 26, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: We hear from negroes and scouts that the advance of the enemy's column reached White Plains at noon yesterday; that it consisted of two batteries of artillery, two regiments of cavalry, and four regiments of infantry, and that they marched in the direction of Thoroughfare Gap.

General Pope wishes all the troops in hand ready to march, with three days' rations (cooked), at a moment's notice.

General Pope telegraphs me that as soon as Reno gets near Warrenton to direct his march upon Greenwich, at which place he will take post, throwing forward four regiments and a battery to Gainesville.

Kearny will take post 1 mile in his rear, on the road from Weaversville to Greenwich, to support him.

Fitz John Porter will be near Warrenton to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 26, 1862-2.30 p. m.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Please inform me when you can send, say 5,000, new troops to Yorktown. If they can be supplied within three days, can order forward

---------------

*Diagram not found.

---------------

