
hand being expended) they may not move as rapidly as you may wish, but they will be there in time for effective service. No troops are in my rear that I know of. Sumner is to land at Aquia, but I know nothing of him. I shall leave at the fords the cavalry force which has been guarding there. I have no cavalry. I will thank you to direct grain for 800 animals for three days to be sent to Bealeton early in the morning. I am out entirely, and there is none to be had in this country. I have very few wagons now to carry subsistence or ammunition, and have only 40 rounds of the latter. The wagons have not come up, and we have been hastened forward to occupy positions and depend on the small transportation which General Burnside could provide. I have no ambulances and no medical supplies. I mention these facts in the hope you may provide deficiencies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 26, 1862.

Major-General FRANKLIN, Alexandria, Va.:

You will march your corps by Centreville toward Warrenton, reporting to General Pope in the absence of General McClellan from the immediate field of operations.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 26, 1862-5.35 p. m.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

General Franklin's Headquarters, near Alexandria:

Issue orders, preparing the command to start to-morrow for Centreville. Let the men take two days' rations in haversacks, hauling them from Alexandria in quarter's wagons if necessary. Let Slocum's division start first at 6 o'clock a. m.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862-6.15 p. m.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY:

The orders for movement to-morrow are hereby countermanded.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 26, 1862-5.50 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Thirty-sixth Ohio, Manassas, &amp;c.:

Telegraphed you day before yesterday, but no answer. Report where you are and your condition. Railway overcrowded and great delays

