
WASHINGTON, August 26, 1862-6.20 p. m.

Colonel HAUPT, Alexandria Depot:

Am sorry the trains cannot be had sooner. The regiments at Alexandria can load as early as you please in the morning. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad have disappointed me in not running the baggage train down to Alexandria this morning, as they promised.*

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 26, 1862-6.20 p. m.

Captain C. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Alexandria, Va.:

Maryland avenue is crowded with cars loaded with grain. See Colonel Haupt and try and have and engine sent over to remove the cars; they say the engines on this side are too heavy to run over the bridge.

D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster and Colonel.

ALEXANDRIA, August 26, 1862-6.45 p. m.

Colonel D. H. RUCKER:

All the cars that could be obtained have been loaded and sent out to-day. Six car loads of oats went by the 11 o'clock train; eleven will go this evening. I am looking meanwhile for arrivals of grain, and will push forward as rapidly as in my power.

C. B. FERGUSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, August 26 [1862].

(Received 7 p. m.)

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX:

Troops as they come in scatter over the country, and I cannot ascertain the location of any particular regiment, as no report is made to me on their arrival. I requested General Halleck to detail Major Key to assist and decide claims of priority, but he has not made his appearance to-day. We are still without cars, but the returned power of this night will be at your service in the morning. I am just informed that the regiments you inquire after are on Henry street, near Alexandria.

H. HAUPT.

RAILROAD DEPOT,

Alexandria, Va., August 26, 1862.

(Received 7.50 p. m.)

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

It is important that Colonel Key should be detailed to settle questions of priority of transportation; determine what commands should go forward, notify the officers of the fact, and have everything in

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

