
readiness, so there may be no delay. The colonels of all regiments should immediately report their arrival and receive instructions where to place their commands. I neither know what regiments have arrived, where they are located, nor which are first to be transported.

H. HAUPT.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT,

Alexandria, August 26 [1862]. (Received 7.55 p. m.)

Colonel D. H. RUCKER:

We give forage and subsistence preference over everything else, and send, when notified of arrival of cars, at the earliest moment possible. Mr. Devereux informs me that he has had an engine on the Avenue nearly all day. The gain shall be sent for, if not already dispatched to Alexandria. I have asked Baley to inform us at 2 p. m. The only cars left on the Avenue were four of pork and four or five of grain, and an engine went immediately back to bring them.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, August 26, [1862].

(Received 7.55 p. m.)

General JACOB D. COX:

The power returned last night will be placed at your disposal on the Washington track near Alexandria. All the cars loaded at 5 a. m. will be dispatched at 6. If any remain until 10 they will be sent forward at 11. We allow 50 men to each car. Please give such orders as will prevent delay.

H. HAUPT,

Chief of Transportation.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA., August 26, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following telegram has just been received from Manassas:

Numbers 6 train, engine Secretary, was fired into at Bristoe by a party of cavalry-some say 500 strong. They had piled ties on the track, but engine threw them off. Secretary is completely riddled by bullets. Conductor says he thinks the enemy are coming this way.

MCCRICKETT,

Dispatcher.

The engine Secretary was being followed by four other trains, which are in great danger, as there is no communication. The wire is cut between Manassas and Warrenton. We have transportation for 1,200 men. This number might be sent to Manassas to protect the road while we repair it. I suppose the bridge at Bristoe will be destroyed.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 26, 1862.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

In addition to the transportation for 1,200 men some other trains are coming and are this side of Manassas. We may have in a few hours

