
transportation for 3,000 or 4,000 men. They can be advance as far as possible and then march forward. I am just informed that the four trains following the Secretary are captured and that the reels are approaching Manassas with artillery. These may be exaggerations, but the operator and agent are leaving, and prompt action is required. It is unfortunate that a portion of our forces did not march. I await instructions.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 26, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Operator at Manassas just says: "I am off now, sure." I directed the agent to run the two engines at Manassas forward, wait until the last moment, and then escape on the engine, if a real necessity existed. Operator had just commenced message to headquarters of General Pope when wire was cut. It is clear now that the railroad can be relied upon only for supplies. No more troops can be forwarded. By marching they will protect communication; in cars they are helpless. Our capacity by this raid will be much reduced.

H. HAUPT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 26, 1862. (Received 9.25 p. m.)

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT:

General Smith, General Slocum, General Sturgis, or any other general officers you can find, will immediately send all the men you can transport to Bristoe Bridge or Manassas Junction. Show this order.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 26, 1862-11 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have been in search of some general officers, but can find none. Cox is in Washington; Sturgis in the field; Smith I can learn nothing of. I have found Colonels Scammon and White, of Cox's command, who will be ready in an hour. I will no go to other camps and endeavor to drum up more. The engine Secretary 2 miles this side of Bull Run Bridge, ran into rear end of another train, doing serious damage. The track is blocked. I will send out 3,000 or 4,000 troops, but they can do no move to-night than hold Bull Run Bridge. Damage at Manassas cannot now be helped, whatever it is. It has been already done. It is probable that when our troops get there no enemy will be found. I will forward wrecking and construction train to repair damages as rapidly as possible. If Bull Run Bridge is destroyed it will prove a serious matter. General Cox is at Kirkwood House. It may be well to send him by boat, or hack, or horseback to Alexandria to take command. He can come in this way sooner than we can clear the track to send and engine.

H. HAUPT.

