
FORT MONROE, August 26, 1862-6 a. m.

Colonel R. INGALLS, Aquia:

The gale is over, and I this morning start the fleet of small steamers, schooners, and barges which has accumulated in the past two days. I am now loading teams and batteries as rapidly as possible. A large number of ships and light schooners reported yesterday. I have divided them between Yorktown and this place. Is Keyes' corps or any portion of it to embark soon? If not, I think the large steamships might be discharged after Sumner has disembarked. I sent the City of Norwich to Newport News last night to load with General Porter's wagons and General sumner took possession of her. I will report progress again in a few hours.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

AQUIA CREEK, August 26, 1862.

(Received 3.5 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS:

The Planter has not arrived; the McClellan and Ericsson are not quite discharged. It will be necessary to send them up to Alexandria to coal. They report enough to reach Fort Monroe. There are some 700 sick to be sent up, and the delay will not be great. Dispatches just received from Captain Sawtelle state that there has been a heavy gale off the fort since Saturday; that a large fleet left there this morning. Sumner's corps will arrive to-day. i think Sawtelle has plenty of transports, assistance, and workmen. The wagons and balance of the army will soon come forward. I go to Alexandria to-day.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, August 26, 1862.

General J. G. PARKE, Falmouth:

General Sumner started with all the transports, having on board his infantry, early this morning-about 5 o'clock; he should be at Aquia Creek by 6 or 7 to-night.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, August 26, 1862.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

I am almost out of forage. On the 18th instant you informed me by telegraph that Colonel Belger had been ordered to send a few cargoes of hay and oats to Yorktown and this place. He has sent three small steamer loads to this point, but none to Yorktown. Captain Thomas has my letter on hand here. On the 6th instant you informed me that a contract based upon my call for bids would not be approved, for the reason that Colonel Belger had a very large supply on hand in Baltimore.

