
It was supposed that a quantity of this would at once be sent here. Can I depend on having a supply from Baltimore at once? I am shipping cavalry artillery, and wagon trains rapidly both from this point and Yorktown. All the infantry of Heintzelman's, Porter's, Franklin's, and Sumner's corps have been shipped, and all the artillery of Porter's and Franklin's. Three batteries of Heintzelman's and three of Sumner's have gone; the remainder are loading.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain and Quartermaster.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 26, 1862-6.50 p. m.

Colonel DANIEL D. TOMPKINS,

Assistant Quartermaster-General, New York:

There is some blunder about forage and danger of starvation to horses at Fort Monroe and Yorktown. Hurry off a large steamer with hay and grain, to report to Captain Sawtelle, at Fort Monroe for orders. Forage for use these or on the Potomac, as may be most needed on her arrival.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

FORT MONROE, August 26, [1862].

(Received 11 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

I have telegraphed to Colonel Tompkins not to charter any more transports to be sent here. We have as many as can be promptly loaded and unloaded in transportation between here and Aquia, and there is no use in having more. I have given directions to send several large ocean steamships to Colonel Tompkins to be discharged if he has no other service for them, as they are no longer wanted here.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 26, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Headquarters Army of Virginia:

A detached of cavalry returned from Front Royal at 11 last night Left there at 7. No movement of the enemy up to that time visible in that region. As you direct, I renew to-day my watch over that section.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 26, 1862.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

Major-General POPE, Warrenton, Va.:

If I find the enemy approaching and the telegraph line should be cut I will fire four signal guns at intervals of two minutes. Will you please have Colonel Miles, commanding at Harper's Ferry, and the

