
CUMBERLAND, April 11, 1862. (Received Wheeling, Va., April 11, 1862.)

Captain ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I learn by dispatches from both Romney and Moorefield that the melting of snow yesterday and to-day keeps the streams and roads impassable. General Milroy sends from Moorefield dispatches dated at Monterey, which are telegraphed me from Romney, the contents of which I will forward by mail. The more pressing items this:

The late rains have raised the Greenbrier past fording and stopped my supply trains, and I shall soon be in want.

The state of roads and river make it impossible for me to help General Milroy with a train from this direction. My troops at Moorefield are themselves without supplies.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 11, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Monterey:

Do not go beyond Monterey until further orders. Concentrate your troops as much as possible. Employ yourself actively in exterminating such guerrillas as may show themselves in the rear of your position, and keep me fully informed of the movements of the enemy.

J. C. FREMONT.

FAYETTEVILLE,

------

--, 1862. (Received Charleston, April 11, 1862.)

General COX:

Captain Havens, with Company G, and Lieutenant Bacon, Company K, returned from scout. Were detained by high waters. Were very successful. Crossed New River and Greenbrier. West 9 miles to Monroe. Found many friends, and the enemy in great panic. Prisoners as before reported.

Very respectfully,E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel Brigade.

CHARLESTON, April 11, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Wheeling:

The storm which began on Sunday last is only just over. Colonel Crook's detachment did not succeed in getting to Bulltown; were stopped by flooded streams. They, however, learned that the party of bushwhackers was only about 30 and had scattered. Can half of Colonel Trimble's regiment at Gallipolis be ordered to Point Pleasant, so that I may send the Eleventh Ohio to the head of navigation? I wish to do this so as not to crowd transportation of troops on the boats later.

The news from Greenbrier and Mercer is encouraging, and makes me strongly desirous of occupying both Lewisburg and Newbern at the earliest moment possible.

Is it intended that the cipher shall be in the hands of the telegraph

