HEADQUARTERS STURGIS'S DIVISION,Alexandria, Va., August 27, 1862-6.45 p.m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Halleck's Staff:

COLONEL: Colonel Pierce, commanding Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, has just reported to me that all the Government horses, mules, cattle, sheep, and heavy trains have been brought from Manassas in safety. He reports the rebels in considerable force at Manassas. Their attack was made in pitch dark, and while the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry was away from the post, in conformity with orders from Headquarters Army of Virginia, the colonel himself being sick in the hospital.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY R. MIGHELS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 27, 1862-1.15 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I found General Hancock in his camp. He will send 1,500 men, and 1,500 will go forward immediately. I have recommended that 500 men be left at Bull Run and the balance go forward to Manassas and await orders. A wrecking and construction train will proceed at same time to clear track and repair damage. Should not orders be given to move forward forces to Manassas to-morrow?

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA., August 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have been using every increased exertion all night to get the 3,000 troops off, but the last did not leave until daylight. There appeared to be a disposition to use up the night before getting to the scene of action. Three thousand men, with abundance of ammunition, have gone forward. Information from Fairfax during the night stated that two pieces of one of our batteries were taken at Manassas; our men cut up; number not stated. I know of no troops there. They were surrounded, one man escaping (wounded) to Fairfax. The enemy had scouts out in every direction. A party appeared to be moving toward Union Mils, where our track is blockaded. If so, Bull Run Bridge may be destroyed. I give the information as I received it. As intelligence comes in I will transmit it to you.

H. HAUPT.

RAILROAD DEPOT, ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 27, 1862-9.17 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following telegrams received at 9.15 a.m.:

FAIRFAX, VA.-8.50 a.m.

Colonel HAUPT:

Heavy cannonading commenced, probably at Manassas, about 15 minutes since.

BRAYTON.

