
I desire also to know whether it will be safe and proper to move a less force than my whole command direct to Warrenton by the Centreville turnpike. Having no positive information of the situation at the front, I will be obliged to you for instructions on this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Kanawha Division.

FAIRFAX, VA., August 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX,

Kirkwood House:

We arrived here early in the forenoon of to-day. General Taylor was reported gone to the front to reconnoiter. While awaiting the debarkation of troops heard cannon. We had none. Very soon the cannonade was sharp and frequent. When I heard that the general was wounded and that his troops were in retreat sent Colonel White, with the Twelfth Ohio, to the bridge, but they were driven back after a sharp contest of an hour, retreating slowly and in good condition. We could not get their artillery, because the ground is so broken that sudden dashes cannot be made by wearied men. Colonel Coleman, of the Eleventh, reached me just in time to lead his regiment against the enemy's right. He drove them handsomely. We have taken position about 3 miles from the bridge, on the north side of the railroad, and shall do our best. If we had more men, and cannon with them, we might still make this a success, instead of a repulse by a superior force. We have some 50 or 60 killed and wounded, as now reported. There is heavy firing at a distance in front. Re-enforcements should be sent at once.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WARRENTON, 27th-p.m.

To General BURNSIDE:

Morell left his medicine, ammunition, and baggage at Kelly's Ford. Can you have it hauled to Fredericksburg and stored? His wagons were all sent to your for grain and ammunition. I have sent back to you every man of the First and Sixth New York Cavalry, except what has been sent to Gainesville. I will get them to your after a while. Everything here is at sixes and sevens, and I find I am to take care of myself in every respect. Our line of communication has taken care of itself, in compliance with orders. The army has not three days' provisions. The enemy captured all Pope's and other clothing, and from McDowell the same, including liquors. No guard accompanying the trains, and small ones guard bridges. The wagons are rolling on, and I shall be here to-morrow. Good night.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 27-4 p.m.

General BURNSIDE,

Falmouth:

I send you the last order from General Pope, which indicates the future as well as the present.* Wagons are rolling along rapidly to the

---------------

*See General Orders, No.-, August 27, Pope's report, Part II, p.70.

---------------

