
BEVERLY, VA., March 19, 1862.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Forty-six refugees have come in under flag of truce within last four days from Pocahontas and Highland. Report general consternation in these two counties, occasioned by forcible into rebel army under penalty of death for refusal. They beg and pray for protection; say hundreds will assist in driving out traitors if we come over. I think we ought to move over promptly, but if a permanent movement is intended I ought by all means have Hyman's battery and one or two other regiments. Roads bad between Webster and Huttonsville; other side good. Regiments ordered on now would have time to rest.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., March 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that troops in considerable numbers are arriving from the North. As I consider the force now here amply sufficient for the protection of the capital and as they can be much more economically subsisted at depots in the interior, I beg leave respectfully to suggest that no more troops be ordered here for the present.

There are sanitary objections to the accumulation of a large force at this point, which may be removed when your orders to the Surgeon-General and to myself as to the medical police of the city are carried out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General, Military Governor District of Columbia.

WINCHESTER, March 21, 1862-3.30 p.m.

General MARCY:

The Shenandoah bridge is completed and the First Division moves to-morrow. Heavy rains to-day and river swollen.

General Shields has driven the enemy to Mount Jackson, 20 miles south of Strasburg. He fled before our troops, burning the bridges in his march. Scouting parties of cavalry are observed on the line of the Manassas road, but not in strength.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

[MARCH 22, 1862.-For statement of Dix's command, see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p. 30.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 22, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I have seen your plan of operations submitted to the Adjutant-General,* and after careful consideration feel it proper to say that

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. V, pp. 744, 765.

---------------

