
operators and not in those of commanding officers? This is the present arrangement here. The cipher has never been furnished to me.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Catlett's, April 12, 1862.

(Received Washington, April 12, 1862, 7.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Two of the brigades of infantry and the cavalry of Franklin's division, which were in advance of this place, left last night and this morning for Alexandria. The other brigades and the artillery marched back from Bristoe. The position of the troops is now as follows:

Brigadier-General Abercrombie, as heretofore, is at Warrenton Junction. Bayard's regiment of cavalry and one regiment of King's infantry at Catlett's Station. Guarding the railroad hence to Bristoe one regiment of King's infantry. The remainder of King's division is at Bristoe. McCall's division is at Manassas.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 12, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Woodstock:

Blenker's division is reported to be at Salem, between Front Royal and Manassas Junction.* General Rosecrans is on the road between Winchester and Harper's Ferry to take temporary command of the division to bring it into position.

Blenker is said to be disabled by a fall from his horse. Please take means to ascertain his condition and report to me immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 12, 1862.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM:

The following telegram just received:

WOODSTOCK, April 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Winchester Railway has become utterly unserviceable. The road-bed spreads so that a heavy train cannot pass. It becomes of the highest possible necessity that the completion of the Manassas road and bridges should be pressed with vigor. We are now 70 miles in advance of our supplies, with only wagon trains for transportation. Until relieved we cannot advance permanently.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Push the work on Manassas road to completion with the utmost dispatch.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*For correspondence between Fremont and Rosecrans in reference to this division, see Part I, pp. 27, 28.

---------------

