
WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Unless the enemy appears in your front in force there is no haste in leaving Falmouth. The character of the enemy's movement on Pope's right is not yet proved to be in large force. Probably to-night will determine its character.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

I am anxiously awaiting the result of your reconnaissance south of the Rappahannock. I can get no satisfactory information of the enemy's position of movements. His cavalry go all ground our army, destroying baggage and trains, while ours does nothing at all. This must be changed; and if the cavalry officers continue so inefficient report them for discharge.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 27, 1862 - midnight.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch received. You may be sure I will hold this place as long as possible. There is nothing yet in our front to drive us out. We will gladly await your instructions.

The following are the instructions of General Pope to his army this morning,* which would rather indicate the necessity of giving up the Rappahannock unless it can be held by a larger force than is now on it. One brigade of Sumner's corps has arrived, but is ordered to return to Aquia and there re-embark.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 27, 1862.

Major-General MORELL, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you hurry up with your command. Pass through Bealeton and Fayetteville and join the commanding general in the vicinity of Warrenton. Smead will be directed to join and support you with his battery. When your command passes through Bealeton and Fayetteville have your ranks well closed up, so that a good impression may be made by the appearance of your troops. Permit no straggling. After getting to Bealeton send all your men belonging to the cavalry back to their commands. If Griffin cannot get all the way up to-day let him stop at Bealeton. Try and keep three days[' cooked rations always in the possession of your men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See General Orders, No.--, of this date, Pope's report, Part II, p.70.

---------------

