
GENERAL: Lose no time in getting up. You will find me near Warrenton, and if you send forward an officer to me, will have you located. Do all you can to get up provisions, and put as much bread in haversacks as possible-three days. We go right to the railroad, and with your cattle will manage to get all that is wanted. Hurry up Griffin. Don't wait for him. Hope you are improving.

F. J. PORTER.

BRISTOE STATION, August 27, 1862 - 9 p. m.

Major-General RENO:

March at the earliest dawn of day with your command on Manassas Junction. Jackson, Ewell, and A. P. Hill are between Gainesville and that place, and if you are prompt and expeditions we shall bag the whole crowd.

McDowell advances upon Manassas Junction from Gainesville at the same hour; Kearny on Bristoe. As you value success be off by the earliest blush of dawn. Acknowledge receipt of this, and, if necessary, have guards with your trains. Push across the country wherever artillery can be hauled. I rely on your speed.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 27, 1862 - 5.45 p. m.

Colonel HAUPT, Alexandria, Va.:

The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad complain greatly that their cars are detailed on this side of the river that they are greatly in need of all they can raise. There is now quite a number on Maryland avenue and railroad depot, loaded, destined for Alexandria. Can't you send an engine to remove them this evening? Please answer.

D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster and Colonel.

RAILROAD DEPOT, ALEXANDRIA,

August 27, [1862] - 7.15 p. m.

Colonel RUCKER:

There are 78 cars on Maryland avenue. The cars brought over to Alexandria are already more numerous than the quartermaster can unload. It make no difference so far as the return of cars is concerned whether they stand unloaded on Maryland avenue or on Union street. In the great demand for troops and supply transportation some of the cars have been used and are now the road; they are inaccessible at this time. Everything that we now have awaits the orders of General McClellan.

H. HAUPT.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 27, 1862.

Assistant Secretary TUCKER, Fort Monroe:

Please retain ocean steamers capable of carrying 8,000 troops on a

