
long voyage and entering a port with not over 18 feet water; that is, they should start with a draught such that after ten days' consumption of coal they will cross a bar of 18 feet. They should be sent to Alexandria and report for orders to Colonel Rucker.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Colonel INGALLS, Aquia Creek:

We need ocean steamers to carry 8,000 men on a draught of not over 18 feet. Do not discharge any such at present, but let them report to Colonel Rucker from Alexandria. Important.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 27, 1862 - 8.20 p. m.

Captain C. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Alexandria:

There are 78 cars loaded with grain for you on Maryland avenue. Colonel Haupt telegraphs that "the cars brought over to Alexandria are already more numerous than the quartermaster can unload." Can you not double your force and unload the cars? The necessity for their immediate discharge is urgent, as the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad require their cars.

D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster and Colonel, &amp;c.

CAMDEN STATION, August 27, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATHSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Our agent at Cumberland telegraphs that the supply of commissary stores at New Creek has been reduced to merely a sufficiency for the fort there, and that, exclusive of the horses belonging to the battery and officers, the number of horses is 110; of mules, 30. Colonel Mulligan is understood to be in command of the post.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., August 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Cole's Maryland cavalry returned form Waterford. The enemy, under Captain White, by crossing the fields avoided the pickets, and attacked about 23 of Captain Means' men in a church at daybreak this morning, who fought as long as ammunition lasted. One private killed; 1 second lieutenant and 6 privates wounded. Fifteen surrendered (on parole); two, engaged in killing Mr. John, carried away; also 30 horses and all the arms of the company, except those belonging to the men on picket. The enemy lost 6 killed and 9 wounded. Retreated toward Snicker's Ferry.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry, Commanding.

45 R R-VOL XII, PT III

