
WINCHESTER, VA.,

August 27, 1862 - 8.30 p. m.

General JOHN POPE:

Headquarters Army of Virginia:

Indications that the enemy are approaching this post in some force are reported this evening, but thus far not very well defined. Signal-fires have been lighted to-day. A rocket from the southeast this evening and a force amounting to 300 or 400 reported in the direction of Middletown, up the valley.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I desire you to furnish me information upon the following points:

1st. At what date you first ordered the general commanding the Army of the Potomac to move from James River.

2nd. Whether tht order was or was not obeyed according to its purport with the promptness which, in your judgment, the national safety required, and at what date the movement commenced.

3rd. What order has been given recently for the movement of Franklin's corps, and whether it was obeyed as promptly as the national safety required.

4th. You will furnish me copies of the orders referred to in the foregoing inquiries.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA, August 28, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

About 14,000 of Sumner's infantry have arrived and are rapidly disembarking. Some artillery have arrived; will know how many shortly. There is every reason to feel certain that large number of cavalry, artillery, and wagons will arrive to-day. Have learned nothing new yet, but am taking steps to do so, and will communicate.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDER, VA., August 28, 1862 - 11.45 a. m.

(Received 12m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

A reconnaissance has gone out, with an engine, infantry, and the only squadron of cavalry. Learn that Second New York [Heavy Artillery] routed. Fourteenth Massachusetts, somewhere near Fairfax, was expecting an attack last night. Orders had been sent to it to fall back. Fear did not reach. Have repeated them. Just learned that Scammon

