
has returned with his command. No details as yet. I am sending a boat with dispatches to Burnside, informing him of state of affairs so far as known. Have you any news from Dranesville?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, August 28, 1862.

(Received 1 p. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I learn accidentally that an officer has passed through here with dispatches to you from Pope. He left town before I knew it. I only learn that he states enemy to be 20,000 strong at Manassas. I except to learn some reliable information from the front.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Alexandria:

I have sent Colonel Cutts, with maps and directions, to get all the information he can pick up about General Pope. I hear nothing, except through you and General Burnside, who telegraphs that guns are heard in direction of Manassas. Keep up telegraphic communication with Franklin, so that we may determine how far to push him forward.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 28, 1862.

Major-General FRANKLIN, Alexandria, Va.:

On parting with General McClellan, about 2 o'clock this morning, it was understood that you were to move with your corps to-day toward Manassas Junction, to drive the enemy from the railroad. I have just learned that the general has not yet returned to Alexandria. If you have not received his orders act on this.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ARLINGTON, VA., August 28, 1862.

General J. G. BARNARD:

Captain Whitney, commanding Second New York Volunteer Cavalry (driven back yesterday from Manassas), has returned to Falls Church with 15 men. He reports large forces collecting at Vienna, and Fairfax Court-House taken and burned. This accounts for large forces seen in that direction last night. I recommend that Captain Whitney be replaced in command at Falls Church, and he be re-enforced immediately. I have ordered such of the Tenth New York Cavalry as can be mounted, armed, and equipped to proceed to Falls Church to-day. It is necessary to watch the operations of the enemy on that front. What do you think of sending Captain Ellis' mounted battery to Fort Buffalo?

A. W. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

