
ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 28, 1862 - 3 p. m.

(Received 3.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Have just talked with the prisoners who escaped from Bristoe and Manassas. There is no doubt that Jackson, Ewell, Stuart, and A. P. Hill are there. The man tells a very straight story. He heard them say that they passed within 4 miles of Pope's pickets. I will push everything to get this command ready to move with effect in any direction.

Information is coming in more rapidly. I have that we hill be well posted by evening.

I think we need definite information in direction of Vienna.

GEO. G. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 28, 1862 - 3.30 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Alexandria:

Not a moment must be lost in pushing as large a force as possible toward Manassas, so as to communicate with Pope before the enemy is re-enforced. I directed General Barnard to report to you, and do not know where he is. In Barnard's absence Whipple can tell you about the garrisons of the forts. No message from Pope has reached here.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA, August 28, 1862 - 4.45 p. m.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. Neither Franklin nor Sumner's corps is now in condition to move and fight a battle. It would be a sacrifice to send them out now. I have sent aides to ascertain the condition of the command of Cox and Taylor, but I still think that a premature movement in small force will accomplish nothing but the destruction of the troops sent out.

I report that I will lose no time in preparing the troops now here for the field, and that whatever orders you may give after hearing what I have say will be carried out.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, NEAR ALEXANDRIA, VA.,August 28, 1862 - 7 p. m.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have the honor to inform you that I hope to have the batteries of Smith's division to-night. One battery of Slocum's division is complete. The other three batteries have their guns, and two of them are disembarking their horses. The horses of one of Slocum's batteries have not yet arrived.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

