
miles from here. I feel called upon to state that against any serious attack I have no means of holding the line of fortifications from Fort Richardson along the front of Arlington to Fort Corcoran, nor those of Chain Bridge, nor the line of this side of the Potomac. the practiced garrisons of these works were taken away last week, leaving on the south side only artillerymen enough to be scattered in platoons through the works, to serve as instructors to new troops, and to man part of the guns. Some eight or ten new regiments have been posted along the lines, but they are perfectly raw, scarcely having commenced instruction in the use of the artillery or as infantry.

A serious attack would not encounter a serious resistance. General McClellan has a large force of old troops in front of Alexandria, and has taken upon himself to garrison works form Fort Lyon to Fort Richardson. He is aware of the state of things in other parts of the line.

I am not informed what his plans are, but it is my duty to state that without experienced garrisons thrown into the works and experienced troops posted along the lines the fortifications of Washington are not secure against assault.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Defenses of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 28, 1862.

General BARNARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: If you are deficient in anything for the defense of the forts make your requisitions on the proper office. General Casey will give you plenty of new troops and General McClellan will assist you with artillerists.

I have no time for these details, and don't come to me until you exhaust other resources.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 28, 1862 - 1.25 p. m.

Brigadier General A. W. WHIPPLE:

General McClellan desires me to say that he had no intention of interfering with you in your command.

Tyler's regiment was sent to occupy the forts between Hunting Creek and Richardson. This was done because the general considered it necessary to have the forts well garrisoned, and it was exceedingly difficult for him to ascertain who was in command of the forts and what the functions of each of the commanders are. There was no intention whatever of interfering with your command. Colonel Greene, of the Fourteenth Massachusetts, was here a short time since. The general told him that his regiment should furnish the artillery for the forts from Fort Albany to De Kalb. General Cox has been ordered with his command, four regiments of old infantry, tow batteries, and two squadrons of cavalry, to Upton's Hill.

