
As General Cox ranks you the general thinks that it will probably be best for the present to give him charge of the works there. The general will be glad to have you communicate freely with him and make any suggestion you please.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862.

General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch was received from Barnett's Ford at 2.40 a. m.

General J. G. PARKE:

Last night I sent a scout on Culpeper road, between the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers. They report, on information from the neighborhood, a regiment of cavalry encamped 2 miles beyond the junction of Culpeper road with Germanna and Kelly's Ford roads; also a large force of all arms at Stevensburg. My force has nearly all been drawn off from here by the columns that have passed and I have barely enough to watch the ford, but will do all I can to obtain information. I believe the information brought by the scouting party to be correct, as it was furnished by different parties. If you can send me some more cavalry I will be able to ascertain more.

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel Sixth New York Volunteers.

P. S. - One of my battalions is with General Sumner.

JNO. G. PARKE.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 29, 1862 - 5 a. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following just received:

WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 27, 1862 - 9.30 p. m.

I have just received the following dispatch from General Pope:

BRISTOE STATION, August 27, 1862 - 6.30 p. m.

"The major-general commanding directs that you start at 1 o'clock to-night and come forward with your whole corps or such part of it as is with you, so as to be here at daylight to-morrow morning. Hooker has had a very severe action with the enemy, with a loss of about 300 killed and wounded. The enemy has been driven back, but has retired along the railroad. We must drive him from Manassas and clear the country between that place and Gainesville, where McDowell is. If Morell has not joined you send word to him to push forward with all speed to take your place at Warrenton Junction. It is necessary on all accounts that you should be here by daylight. I send an officer with this dispatch who will conduct you to this place. Be sure to send word to Banks, who is on the road from Fayetteville, probably in the direction of Baleton. Say to Banks also that he had better run back the railroad trains to this side of Cedar Run. If he is not with you write him to this effect. If Banks is not with you at Warrenton Junction leave a regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery as a guard till he comes, with instructions to follow you immediately upon his doing so. If Banks is not at the Junction instruct Colonel Clary to run the trains back to this side of Cedar Run and to push a regiment and a section of artillery with it."

F. J. PORTER.

P. S. - Please ask General McClellan to push a command out on the railroad to see that the bridges can be repaired for the purpose of supplying us with provisions.

F. J. PORTER.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

