
FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

A large proportion of the Reserve Artillery has been landed at Aquia. Five batteries here, the rest there. Shall it be re-embarked? Shall I re-embark Meagher's brigade for Alexandria or shall it remain at Aquia? All quiet in our front and at our advance. Telegraph station up the river.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

(Copy to General McClellan, Alexandria.)

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1862.

Major-General Burnside, Falmouth, Va.:

Embark all your Reserve Artillery for Alexandria; and also send Meagher's brigade and all surplus material. Probably you will receive orders to move very soon. I am anxiously waiting for news from Pope.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

AUGUST 28, 1862 - 2.40 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Any news from General Pope?

A. LINCOLN.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862 - 3 p. m.

President LINCOLN:

The following dispatch just received from our advance telegraph station near Kelly's or Barnett's Ford:

ADVANCE, 28th - 2.30 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

I heard from Colonel Devin at 1.30 p. m. All quiet here. A cavalry force on the Culpeper road, 12 miles form Barnett's Ford; a force of all arms at Stevensburg, 16 miles from the ford. This, he a says, is from information gained, but he has seen no enemy, except a small scout on the south side of the river. He report General Pope, with the main body of his army, at Warrenton Junction. He has sent to Rappahannock Station and will report to me. When the scout returns I will telegraph you.

Everything is perfectly quiet in this neighborhood.

J. B. McINTYRE,

Captain.

All quiet in our front. I sent to General Halleck full telegrams as to the position of General Pope last night. No firing to-day in the direction of his army.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

News from Warrenton Junction as follows:

Porter's, Heintzelman's, and Banks' corps were at Warrenton Junction this a. m. at 7, and under orders to move and moving in the direction of Manassas Junction and Gainesville. All the movements seem to be quiet and the army in good condition.

