
The following dispatch just received from Colonel Devin. I await a reply from you before answering him:

BARNETT'S FORD - 4.15 p. m.

General PARKE:

All is quiet at the fords at this date. Are any more troops to move up from Fredericksburg to-night? Are we to continue to watch all fords from Rappahannock eastward, and have to look for any enemy by the roads leading from the direction of Manassas to these fords? There is no force at my ford now that can hold it. My reasons for asking are that some of my men returned from General Pope's army and had a fight yesterday; and if the enemy retreated as reported, will they not come this way?

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862 - 5.40 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

If we are ordered to fall back it should be by way of Aquia Creek.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 28, 1862 - 10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Alexandria:

A messenger just in from General Porter - left him at 10.30 a. m. to-day at Bristoe Station - reports the bridge and station house at that place burned. An engagement took place near there yesterday between Hooker and a portion of Jackson's force, which resulted in the withdrawal of the enemy, leaving their killed and wounded on the field. Our loss reported from 300 to 500; enemy's about the same. Warrenton Junction and Bealeton were being evacuated by our troops, who are moving toward Gainesville and Manassas Junction. He reports heavy firing in the direction of Hay Market this morning, which lasted for more than an hour. This is all verbal information, and I cannot vouch for it. I still hold the upper fords with a small cavalry force. Is this right?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Warrenton Junction, August 28, 1862 - 12.37 a. m.

Major-General PORTER, Warrenton Junction:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your note of the 27th instant, directing me to hasten with all speed to Warrenton Junction. My corps reached here last night at dark, and is now encamped 1 1/2 miles south of the Warrenton Junction. Is it desired that we move forward immediately or wait until daylight? Please answer.

General Porter sends an order for two batteries of artillery to join General Heintzelman in the direction of Greenwich. They will be sent forward immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

