
tenable, and we shall fall back toward Manassas, with the expedition of meeting forces sent to our support. If Ricketts should attempt to join us he might be cut off unless he falls back by the way of Greenwich. Prisoners report Jackson has 60,000 or 70,000 men.

Gibbon's brigade was pretty badly cut up - Colonels O'Connor, Cutler, and Robinson being wounded, Major May killed.

Doubleday's brigade also suffered severely.

Colonel O'Connor has just died.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA., August 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Having had no instructions since the telegram from you yesterday morning, directing me to consult whit General McClellan, and having had no word from General McClellan since my interview with him last night, I went this morning to the camp and made some suggestions to Generals Franklin and Hancock, which, having been approved, are now being carried into effect. The following instructions to the conductor will give you particulars:

Conductor STEIN:

The expedition for railroad reconnaissance this morning, so far as concerns the advance or return of the train and rate of speed, will be under the direction of the officer in command; that the train proceed at the usual speed to a point near Burke's Station, being careful not to run too fast, as the cars will be in advance of the engine. Beyond Burke's the train will proceed with great caution, the skirmishers advanced on both sides, and particularly in the woods. The officer in charge, or some one detailed for that purpose, to signal the conductor as to the movements of the train. Proceed in this way, if possible, as far as Bull Run Bridge, ascertain its condition, and also the position and condition of Colonel Scammon's forces. If an enemy be found in superior numbers, retire and telegraph the fact.

H. HAUPT,

Colonel and Chief of Construction and Transportation.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,August 28, 1862.

Major General I. McDOWELL:

GENERAL: The scout General Pope sent me took me the wrong road, and it is at Lee's Mill where I drove in the pickets. I am going to Freeman's now.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

I have a squadron at Fox's Mill also.

G. D. B.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA.,

August 28, 1862 - 10.50 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: I have just received, through General Slough, the following items of information: A private of Company C, Sixty-eighth Illinois,

