
of the cut-throats captured by my forces a short time since had a number of blank commissions from Governor Letcher for guerrilla captains and lieutenants. Would suggest that, if there is a live Governor at Wheeling, he be sent out into the different counties to hold meetings, organize the civil and military powers, and form Union home guards for protection of their homes, and to relieve the United States troops now scattered at various posts and stations. I am greatly crippled by details made for these purposes, and if I could but have the full regiments of my command I will go wherever your order or permit. Two guns and a portion of the men of Captain Hyman's battery are left at Beverly for want of transportation. If you can cause the immediate filling of the requisition made by Captain Hyman upon Major Clary it will give me one full and efficient battery and greatly oblige me.

If you will order supplies for me to New Creek I will put all my transportation on the line between this and that point. Would suggest that Government stores, except subsistence, be withdrawn from Cheat Mountain, Elkwater, Huttonsville, Beverly, and Buckhannon, and removed to Clarksburg or Grafton, and the United States troops withdrawn from the line, except a few Virginia troops to keep down the guerrillas. Colonel Harris, of the Tenth Virginia, reports to me still. The distance between us and the difficulty of forwarding orders to him have compelled me to order him in case of threatened danger to report the same to your headquarters for your orders. I hope this will meet your approval.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 12, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Monterey:

Call in your forces, concentrate your troops, and prepare to defend your position. General Schenck has been ordered to send forward his cavalry to make a demonstration toward Franklin. Your men behaved well. Make them my thanks for it.

J. C. FREMONT.

HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 12, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Monterey:

General Schenck reports the following by telegraph:

A citizen taken into Jackson's camp and discharged last Monday at Mount Jackson says it was reported among the soldiers that Jackson had three days before sent the Greenbrier force, 400 strong, to Moorefield; that Colonel Monroe is at New Market and without any force.

General Schenck discredits the report, but forwards it for what it is worth. He goes to Romney to-morrow en route to Moorefield.

Blenker's division is marching toward Moorefield.

J. C. FREMONT.

CATLETT'S STATION, April 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

An intelligent negro, belonging to one John McCoy, an officer in

