
a soldier who came on foot from Warrenton Junction. He confirms the statement of the burning of Bull Run Bridge and of the other bridges between Warrenton Junction and Bull Run. He says that Generals Sigel and Hooker occupy Manassas. From a chaplain, captured and released on parole, our superintendent, Devereux, by adroit questioning, elicited the information that the enemy became alarmed last night at Manassas and went off. He saw General Lee to-day at Fairfax about 11 o'clock, who took the road toward Vienna with a large force, accompanied by artillery. I am now sending the chaplain to General McClellan; also copy of report of conductor. To-morrow I have arranged with General McClellan to send out a strong reconnaissance by rail to Bull Run, accompanied by artillery and cavalry, with a wrecking and construction party to clear the way and open communication with Bull Run, when, if our forces occupy Manassas, I will endeavor to pour in supplies without delay, and reconstruct Bull Run, when, if our forces occupy Manassas, I will endeavor to pour in supplies without delay, and reconstruct Bull Run Bridge in the shortest time possible.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 28, 1862.

Colonel RUCKER:

Superintendent Devereux informs me that the track in Union street in blocked with cars; that he has furnished Captain Ferguson with cars as fast as he unloaded them. We are sending no cars over the road. Bull Run and nearly all the other bridges, until within 1 mile of Burke's, have been destroyed. The railroad can for some time carry no more supplies for the Army of Virginia. I will request Mr. Devereux to bring over the cars faster, if you desire it, and if Captain Ferguson can unload them. My information yesterday was that they could not be unloaded faster. I have heard of no complaint on the part of Captain Ferguson.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, August 28, [1862] - 9 a. m.

Colonel D. H. RUCKER, Quartermaster:

All the cars that have arrived here from Maryland avenue have been unloaded promptly. We want more cars instead of more force.

WM. STODDARD,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, August 28, 1862 - 10 p. m.

(Received 6.45 p. m., August 29.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

As soon as I discerned that a large force of the enemy was turning our right toward Manassas, and that the division I had ordered to take post there two days before had not yet arrived there from Alexandria, I immediately broke up my camp at Warrenton Junction and Warrenton and marched rapidly back in three columns.

I directed McDowell, with his own and Sigel's corps and Reynolds' division, to march upon Gainesville by the Warrenton and Alexandria pike; Reno and one division of Heintzelman's to march on Greenwich,

