
and with Porter's corps and Hooker's division I marched back to Manassas Junction. McDowell was ordered to interpose between the force of the enemy which had passed down to Manassas through Gainesville and his main body moving down form White Plains through Thoroughfare Gap. This was completely accomplished, Longstreet, who had passed through the Gap, being driven back to the west side. the forces sent to Greenwich were designed to support McDowell in case he met too large a force of the enemy. The division of Hooker marching toward Manassas came upon the enemy near Kettle Run in the afternoon of the 27th, and after a sharp action routed them completely; killing and wounding 300, capturing their camps and baggage and many stand of arms. This morning the command pushed rapidly to Manassas Junction, which Jackson has evacuated three hours in advance. He retreated by Centreville and took the turnpike toward Warrenton, but was met 6 miles west of Centreville by McDowell and Sigel. Late this afternoon, a severe fight took place, which was terminated by darkness. The enemy was driven back at all points, and thus the affair rests. Heintzelman's corps will move on him at daylight from Centreville, and I do not see how it is to escape without heavy loss. Reno is at Centreville, and will for the present remain there, with Fitz John Porter at Manassas. Banks, with most of our railroad trains, is at Kettle Run, where the bridge was burned. I desire that a strong construction corps be sent at once to Bull Run to build the bridge, and at the same time push forward and build the bridge at Kettle Run, so I can bring back the trains to Manassas. The damage to the road is not great; the check the enemy has received will certainly delay him long enough for us to get our trains back.

We have captured 1,000 prisoners, many arms, and one piece of artillery.

I will communicate with you further in the morning.

I wish forage and provisions sent immediately as far as the railroad is unobstructed, and let me know where that is.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, August 28, [1862].

(Received 6 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES:

SIR: I have received your note advising me relative tot he withdrawal army crossed the Chickahominy I have kept the four under my command in activity to menace the rebels. It was my attention to have done something more to-day with Appomattox, which I believe defeasible, but after the receipt of your note of 25th of August last night I have acted on it, and come down the river again with the fleet. After making further arrangements to-day I shall drop down the river as far as Jamestown Island, and thence to the mouth of the river, at Newport News, which I shall probably reach by to-morrow evening, as I do not wish to risk the large steamers getting on shore by running at night.

Respectfully,

CHARLES WILKES.

46 R R-VOL XII, PT III

