
General Cullum has gone to Harper's Ferry, and I have only a single regular officer for duty in the office. Please send some one of your officers to-day to see that every precaution is taken at the forts against a raid; also at the bridges.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1862 - 5.25 p. m. (Received 5.38 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Before receiving the President's message I had put Sumner's corps in motion toward Arlington and the Chain Bridge, not having received any reply from you. The movement is still under your control in either direction, though now under progress, as stated. I think that one of two alternatives should be fully carried out.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 29, 1862 - 7.50 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Alexandria, Va.:

You will immediately send constructing trains and guards to repair railroad to Manassas; let there be no delay in this. I have just been told that Franklin's corps stopped at Annandale, and that he was this evening in Alexandria. This is all contrary to my orders; investigate and report the facts of this disobedience. That corps must push forward, as I directed, protect the railroad, and open our communications whit Manassas.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

AUGUST 29, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

I have directed General Banks' supply trains to start out to-night, as least as far as Anandale, with an escort form General Tyler.

In regard to to-morrow's movements, I desire definite instructions, as it is not agreeable to me to be accused of disregarding orders when I have simply exercised the discretion you committed to me.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

If General Franklin was in Alexandria this evening I know nothing of it, but will inquire.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, CAMP NEAR ALEX., VA.,August 29, 1862 - 10 p. m. (Received 10.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following has just been received by an orderly:

ANNANDALE, August 29, 1862 - 7.15 p.m .

GENERAL: The news here, picket up form all sources passing along the road, is as follows: Jackson left Centreville yesterday afternoon to march through Through fate

