
WASHINGTON, August 29, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Alexandria:

Please direct the Fourteenth Massachusetts to report to Brigadier-General Whipple at Arlington. I will have it distributed in the most important works, but there are good reasons at the present moment, I think, for not sending a part to Fort Marcy, as Colonel Doubleday, of the New York Fourth, is commanding there, and the place has always been garrisoned from his regiment. I would relieve part of his regiment and send it to Ethan Allen and Marcy.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUST 29, 1862 - 11.30 a. m.

General A. W. WHIPPLE:

General Cox, will his brigade, marches for Upton's Hill to-day. You will please direct the officer now in command of the troops at that place to report to General Cox for orders on his arrival there.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ARLINGTON, VA., August 29, 1862 - 11.55 a.m .

Colonel A. V. COLBURN, Alexandria, Va.:

Captain Van Horn, aide-de-camp, spent last night at Falls Church, directing the establishing of pickets, &amp;c. He returned this morning, reporting all quiet and in good condition., Rumors indicate a movement of the enemy form Germantown toward Dranesville. All the forces at Falls Church and vicinity are directed to report to General Cox. The Fourteenth Massachusetts will be assigned to the forts. Please inform me what forts are detached from my command and garrisoned by Colonel Tyler's troops.

A. W. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1862 - 12.10 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. WEBB,

Assistant Inspector-General, Fifth Corps:

The general commanding directs that you immediately proceed to make an inspection of Forts Marcy and Ethan Allen and the works near the Chain Bridge and as far back as Tennallytown, with special reference to their armament, condition, the composition, strength, and efficiency of their garrisons. You will please also direct your careful attention to the subject of destroying the Chain Bridge, should it become necessary, and be prepared to recommend the measures necessary to effect that purpose promptly and thoroughly. On the completion of that duty, which you will perform with all possible dispatch, you will report in person at these headquarters. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

