HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1862 - 2 p. m.

General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: It was supposed when you were ordered last night to hold your command ready to move this morning that you would be required to march to Manassas. The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to continue to hold your command in readiness to march, as he is expecting orders every moment from Washington, and he expects that you will move up the river to occupy position on this side the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, [1862] - 7.40 p. m.

Lieutenant BARROLL, Alexandria:

The commanding general desires that you will at once place at the disposal of Captain Ferguson, assistant quartermaster at Alexandria, all the subsistence stores for which he can provide wagon transportation to Centreville. These stores are designed for Pope's army, and they should be ready to leave at an early hour to-morrow. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Colonel H. F. Clarke, care of Colonel J. P. Taylor, Commissary-General.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1862.

Captain FERGUSON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Alexandria:

The commanding general desires that you will have all the wagons you can command loaded with subsistence stores and prepared to move at an early hour to-morrow morning toward Centreville. Please acknowledge, and state what number of wagons you can count upon. Lieutenant Barroll, commissary of subsistence at Alexandria, has been instructed to provide the supplies you can transport.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 29, 1862 - 7.40 p. m.

General McCLELLAN:

There are no heavy (siege) guns available except those mounted in forts, none of which should be removed, I think.

If you think otherwise, the shortest way is to direct General Whipple to select them from the works on the south side.

Has not Tyler his siege train with him?

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

