
since yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. His headquarters were then at Bristoe, 25 miles from our advance guard at the ford. All quiet in our front this morning. Have you had any news form General Pope yourself?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 29, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

I have heard nothing from Pope for four days, except through you. He seems to have permitted a part of the enemy's force to march around him. Unless he opens his communications to-day I fear he will be forced south of the Occoquan. I am only waiting to hear form him in order to move you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 29, 1862 - 8.40 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch has just been received:

ADVANCE, 29th.

There has been very heavy cannonading in the direction of Warrenton Junction all morning. It seemed to be getting more distinct, but had now ceased.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 29, 1862 - 8.50 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Our advance telegraph operator that firing has again commenced in the direction of Manassas. Are you in communication with General Pope? In case telegraph communication is cut off between this place and Washington, shall I use my discretion or await orders form you by the river?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 29, 1862 - 8.50 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following statement is from a Union man just in from Richmond. He seems to be reliable.

B. B. Pritchard left Richmond on the evening of the 27th. Few troops there, and they are at Dreqry's Bluff. No troops at Hanover Court-House. A brigade stationed near Mount Carmel Church. Troops and provisions still going to Gordonsville. Provisions very scarce. Three gunboats, small river boats, with guns mounted, at Richmond. At work on ram; supposed to progress slowly. At work on machinery at Talbot's Government Foundery. Tredegar and Rahne's works making munitions of war. General Lee at Drewry's Bluff; Lovell, Magruder,

