
not. The enemy destroyed an immense amount of property at Manassas - cars and supplies. I expect the next thing will be a raid no our rear by way of Warrenton by Longstreet, who was cut off.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

This is the latest news.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 29, 1862 - 5.15 p. m.

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following message has just been received [from General Porter]:

BRISTOE, August 29, 1862 - 6 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Shall be off in half an hour. The messenger who brought this says the enemy had green at Centrevile, and pickets were found there last ninth. Sigel had severe fight last night; took many prisoners. banks is at Warrenton Junction; McDowell near Gainesville; Heintzelman and Reno at Centreville, where they marched yesterday, and Pope went to Centreville with the last two as a body guard, at the time not knowing where was the enemy and when Sigel was fighting within 8 miles of him and in sight. Comment is unnecessary. The enormous trains are still rolling on, many animals not having been watered for fifty hours. I shall be out of provisions to-morrow night. Your train of 40 wagons cannot be found. I hope Mac is at work, and we will soon get ordered our of this. It would seem from proper statements of the enemy that he was wandering around loose; but I expect they know what the are doing, which is more than any one here or anywhere knows.

Just received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Bull Run, August 29, 1862.

Major-General PORTER:

General McDowell has anticipated [intercepted] the retreat of Jackson. Sigel is immediately on the right of McDowell. Kearny and Hooker march to attack the enemy's rear at early dawn. Major-General Pope directs you to move upon Centreville at the first dawn of day with your whole command, leaving your trains to follow. It is very important that you should be here at a very early hour in the morning. A severe engagement is likely to take place and your presence is necessary.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

A large body of enemy reported opposite. I am preparing and will hold the place until the last. The only fear I have is a force coming from Manassas Junction.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

AUGUST 29, 1862 - 5.45 p. m.

General SYKES:

I received an order from Mr. Cutting to advance and support Morell. I faced about and did so. I soon met Griggin's brigade withdrawing, by order of General Morell, who was not pushed out, but retiring. I faced about and marched back 200 yards or so. I met then an orderly from General Porter to General Morell, saying he must push on and press the enemy; that all was going well for us and he was returning. Griffin then faced about; and I am following him to support General Morell, as ordered. None of the batteries are closed up to me.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.

