
stars. If you know of any other troops who are to join me I wish you to send notice to them to follow you.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

We march as soon as we can see.

ALEXANDRIA, August 29, 1862 - 9.40 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

President LINCOLN and General HALLECK:

General Pope was at Centreville this morning at 6 o'clock. Seemed to be in good spirits. Hooker is driving the enemy before him; McDowell and sigel cutting off his retreat. Army out of forage and subsistence. Force of enemy 60,000. This is the substance of information communicated by two ambulance drives, who came in from Centreville, and who also gave many particulars confirming previous statements. I have ordered a train of forage and another of subsistence to be got ready to start before daylight, and will notify General Pope to-night by courier that he can have wagons to receive it at Sangster's Station by daylight to-morrow morning.

H. HAUPT.

YORKTOWN, August 29, 1862.

Colonel A. V. COLBURN,

Adjutant-General (McClellan's):

I gave the order for the embarkation of the cavalry and artillery as they arrived. I requested the quartermaster to designate the transportation for cavalry and for Couch's division. The orders for Couch were very urgent, and considerable portion of his division is off.

Shall I send the cavalry first, and shall I send all the cavalry before the balance of couch's division Embarks? I am using all dispatch.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, August 29, 1862.

Colonel A. V. COLBURN, Alexandria:

SIR: One-third of General Pleasonton's cavalry is embarked and on its way down the river. The whole will be embarked by to-morrow eve or sooner. The want of wharf accommodation seems to retard the embarkation.

Very respectfully,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1862 - 12.5 p. m.

Captain C. G. SAWTELLE, Assistant Quartermaster:

General McClellan is anxious to hear as soon as possible what is being done in the way of embarking and forwarding cavalry. Every

