
thing else must give way to this. Cavalry is much needed. Please answer at once.

A. W. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officer Yorktown.)

FORT MONROE, August 29, 1862.

Colonel R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Alexandria:

What has become of the City of Norwich, Chancellor Livingston, Winnissimet, and the light steamers that went with Sumner's command? They do not return rapidly, and very few of the light schooners have come back. I am now nearly out of transports for wagons and horses. I went to Yorktown yesterday. Everything is going on well there. All the batteries there and here have now gone. Pleasonton will finish embarking, I think, to-morrow evening. The trains of the different corps are embarking as rapidly as I have transportation for them. Franklin's quartermasters work very slowly.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, August 29, 1862.

Colonel COLBURN, Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch just received. One of Pleasonton's regiments is embarked and gone. I have sent transports enough to Yorktown for one more regiment, which is now embarking. There are now no light schooners or steamers suitable for carrying horses here. The first that arrive shall be sent to Yorktown. Rush's regiment is still here waiting to embark. I have to transports for him. The steamers and light schooners do not return rapidly form the Potomac. Everything has been loaded as fact as it arrived here, and no timed shall be lost in shipping the cavalry after the vessels arrive.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

August 29, 1862 - 1.10 p. m.

Commodore CHARLES WILKES,

Commanding James River Flotillam, Hampton Roads, Va.:

Turn over the command of the James River flotilla to Rear-Admiral L. M. Goldsborough, and proceed without delay to Washington with the Wachusett, Maratanza, Sonoma, Tioga, Aroostook, and six mortar boats, and assume command of the Potomac flotilla. Send the other six mortar boats to Baltimore. Let the mortar boats come up under sail.

Acknowledge receipt.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

47 R R-VOL XII, PT III

