
corps, my expressions of dissatisfaction, and the reasons alleged for the delays which in the result proved so unfortunate.

4th. Copies of letters, orders, &amp;c., relative to your inquiries are sent herewith.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF BATTLE,Near Groveton, Va., August 30, 1862 - 5 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We fought a terrific battle here yesterday with the combined forces of the enemy, which lasted with continuous fury from daylight until dark, by which time the enemy was driven from the field, which we now occupy. Our troops are too much exhausted yet to push matters, but I shall do so in the course of the morning, as soon as Fitz John Porter's corps comes up from Manassas. The enemy is still in our front, but badly used up. We have lost not less than 8,000 men killed and wounded, but from the appearance of the field the enemy lost at least two to one. He stood strictly on the defensive, and every assault was made by ourselves. Our troops behaved splendidly. The battle was fought on the identical battle-field of Bull Run, which greatly increased the enthusiasm of our men. The new just reaches me from the front that the enemy is retreating toward the mountains. I go forward at once to see. We have made great captures, but I am not able yet to form an idea of their extent.

I think yo had best send Franklin's, Cox's, and Sturgis' regiments to Centreville, as also forage and subsistence.

I received a note this morning from General Franklin, written by order of General McClellan, saying that wagons and cars would be loaded and sent to Fairfax Station as soon as I would send a cavalry escort to Alexandria to bring them out. Such a request, when Alexandria is full of troops and we fighting the enemy, needs no comment.

Will you have these supplies sent without the least delay to Centreville?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers --. Near Groveton, August 30, 1862 - 12 m.

The following will be immediately thrown forward in pursuit of the enemy and press him vigorously during the whole say. Major-General McDowell is assigned to the command of the pursuit:

Major-General Porter's corps will push forward on the Warrenton turnpike, followed by the divisions of Brigadier-General Ricketts will pursue the Hay Market road, followed by the corps of Major-General Heintzelman. The necessary cavalry will be assigned to these columns by Major-General McDowell, to whom regular and frequent reports will be made. The general headquarters will be somewhere on the Warrenton turnpike.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*They are printed in chronological order.

---------------

