
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 30, 1862 - 2.20 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Manassas, Va.:

If the battle still continues you should re-enforce General Pope with all the troops you can spare, unless you have order form him to the contrary. If you can send him ammunition, the train must be well guarded. If you cannot communicate with General Pope, by all means send him aid so long as the battle lasts. If there is any enemy in your vicinity you must of course secure your own position.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MANASSAS, VA., August 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

The ammunition is now going rapidly forward from the cars at Bristoe Station to Centreville. General Pope will be notified. There will be 100 wagon loads.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Second Army Corps, Army of Virginia.

MANASSAS, VA., August 30, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Alexandria, Va.:

The firing has just commenced again. It is, as I judged, about 9 miles distant, and exactly northwest, which would bring it to a point near gainesville or New Market.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Manassas, Va., August 30, 1862 - 5 p. m.

Colonel STAGER:

Captain Nordendorf was sent to the battle-field by me this afternoon, and reports that last evening at 6 o'clock a most severe engagement occurred between Jackson and 60,000 rebels and three of our army corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Strother informed him that the battle was the most decided and brilliant victory of the war. About 40,000 were engaged on our side. We lost about 6,000; the rebels 10,000. In the night Jackson retreated toward the mountains; I cannot say whether to Thoroughfare Gap or only to a new position. The battle was opened by sigel, who engaged the enemy till 6 o'clock, then Heintzelman on the right and McDowell on the left. the action continued until 9 p. m. It was on the field of the battle of last year. To-day Sumner came up.

Nothing important has occurred to-day so far as I know, the position of the enemy not being fully ascertained. He is beaten to-day. Heintzelman on the right, Kearny center, and McDowell left. General Pope directed the movements in person. Our men are in great spirits, but exhausted. It was expected that the pursuit of the enemy would

