
soldier in my command, except a small camp guard. The firing in front has been extremely heavy for the past hour.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA DIVISION,Near Upton's Hill, August 30, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my cavalry patrols have to-day passed through the country in front of my position on Fairfax Court-House, Vienna, Freedom Hill, and Lewinsville. They found the country in the vicinity of all those places perfectly quiet and no enemy heard of in the immediate neighborhood. I have a squad of cavalry now on the road to Dranesville, with orders to proceed as far on that road as is practicable. As soon as the y report I will forward any information received.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler, Fourteenth Brooklyn (McDowell's corps), has just passed my headquarters in an ambulance, wounded. He has come direct from Centreville, and reports General Pope's army as engaged with the enemy for six days past. The fighting now going on he reports to be north of the Little River turnpike and between it and the Thoroughfare Gap. The rebels under Longstreet passed through the Gap, which was partially obstructed afterward by our forces by Prying off heavy rocks from above. He thinks artillery cannot well get through it, and that the enemy will hardly be able to make use of it as a direct line of retreat. He reports the general result of the fighting to be in our favor, though he cannot give particulars. He passed on to Washington via Chain Bridge.

At this time (4 p. m.) the cannonade in direction of Centreville is more rapid and continuous than at any time during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Alexandria, August 30, 1862 - 5.15 p.m .

(Received 5.55 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch just received from General Cox, at Upton Hill; reports that his cavalry have been to Fairfax Court-House, Vienna, Freedom Hill, and Lewinsville, and found all quiet and no enemy heard of in immediate neighborhood. Has a party out to go to Dranesville, if practicable. States that at 4 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler, of Fourteenth Brooklyn, passed him in ambulance, wounded, who states that the fighting was north of Little River pike, between it and Thoroughfare Gap. Longstreet had passed through the Gap, which was subsequently partially obstructed by our troops, so that it would hardly be practicable as a retreat for artillery. Reports general result of fighting on our favor, but cannot give particulars. General Cox sates that firing at 4 p. m. was more rapid and continuous than before. I still hear it.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

