
possible by rail to Sangster's and other stations to guard the railroad. Confer with Colonel Haupt, superintendent of the railroad, as to the stations to be guarded and the strength of the guards required. Not a moment is to be lost. Acknowledge.

By command:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Alexandria, August 30, 1862.

Colonel HERMAN HAUPT, Alexandria:

Major-General Couch has been ordered, by direction of the general-in-chief, to send the regiment of his command which is now disembarking at once to Sangster's, and other exposed stations, by rail. General Couch is ordered to confer with you as to the points to be guarded and the strength of the guards.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Halleck fears that the marauders may attempt the destruction of the road to-night. No time is therefore to be lost. Please acknowledge.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 30, 1862.

Colonel HAUPT:

Every man that General McClellan had has been either sent to the front or to your assistance in yesterday's trains. Major Haller's command, which went to you this afternoon, was the last man he has disposable. The regiment of General Couch's division which has reported to you will render all the assistance on their power to unload the trains. This will be considered an order to the regiment.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 30, 1862 - 7.45 p. m.

(Received 8.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am glad to report the arrival of Colonel Gregg, with about 450 of his regiment, the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Colonel Gragg will disembark during the night, and lose no time in getting his men ready to work. More of General Couch's division have arrived. I have ordered them to disembark during the night. Have you any special orders for Gregg? Couch's infantry are almost too good to use as railway guard. It is an excellent division of veterans. Will you permit new troops to be used for the purpose?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

