
CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA,

August 30, 1862-5.30 p.m.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Manassas:

Franklin's corps was within 2 miles of Centreville at 1.30 p.m. to-day. Sumner left Arlington at 1.45 p.m. Couch's division had commenced arriving.

Please keep me informed as to affairs. Thanks for your telegram.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 30, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Alexandria:

In reference to the commanding general's telegram last night, I presume Colonel Tyler will fill up his siege guns the vacancies in the works he garrisons. I will direct General Whipple to see him as to Arlington lines, and find out what is required on this side and communicate it.

I would desire four 4 1/2-inch siege guns and two 8-inch siege howitzers to be sent at once to Fort Massachusetts, where I have been enlarging and strengthening the work. Refer to the general and get the thing ordered at once, if approved. Ask Tyler to send me a list of his siege guns still available.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 30, 1862-8.45 a.m.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD:

I yesterday sent nearly a regiment of cavalry to report to you for scouting on north bank of Potomac. Three brigades of Sumner's are on both side of Chain Bridge and thence to Tennallytown. The rest of his corps near Arlington and Corcoran. I have nothing in hand here at all, not a man. You had better ask for some more raw troops on south side.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Alexandria, Va., August 30, 1862.

General J. G. BARNARD,

Commanding Military Defenses:

The general commanding learns that the forts on the east side of the Eastern Branch are garrisoned by but a single company each. He thinks they should be immediately occupied by garrisons commensurate with their armament and importance, and wishes you at once to call upon General Casey for the troops necessary for that purpose. He also wishes you to take measures to have telegraphic communications re-established with the principal works.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

