HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 30, 1862.

Brigadier General J. B. RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move forward your division from the right until it gets on the road leading from Sudley Springs to New Market and follow along that road in pursuit of the enemy.

Keep your right flank well guarded with skirmishers and let the head of your column be preceded by skirmishers, each body having a strong support.

Endeavor to throw out skirmishers so as to join on those of General Porter, who is advancing on the Warrenton road on your left. Let the head of your column be preceded by a strong advance guard.

You will be followed by General Heintzelman's corps. You will report to General Heintzelman, who has command of the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,August 30, 1862-12 m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff:

I shall prepare at once to advance my division on the road leading from Sudley Springs to New Market.

The enemy have batteries still in our front.

Very respectfully,

[JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,August 30, 1862.

General JOHN POPE, Commanding Army:

GENERAL: I have been relieved by Ricketts as to the ground I was forced to occupy by the relinquishment (cause not known) of General Carl Schurz on right of Leesburg road, and I now hold the country to the right of Leesburg road-about half a mile of position and a bottom of two-thirds of a mile to control, the advanced skirmishers on a rocky creek immediately under a commanding height opposite on a bare hill-and I am forced to hold this line in advance, my left in air one-fourth of a mile in advance of Ricketts' right. Besides, Ricketts' and my positions are completely enfiladed by the enemy's three or four long-range batteries.

I should say that the enemy all along have intended to force us by our right, and they have the ground to do it.

My division lost about 900 men, about 600 or 700 killed and wounded and 200 stragglers (from weak regiments). My division is extremely reduced. It never has had a recruit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Major-General.

