
McIntyre is at our advance telegraph station, and I will try to get him down and send him on to-day, and I will send more to you as soon as they can be spared. The artillery is embarking for you as rapidly as possible. Porter will go up with all his ammunition. Couch's division has arrived at Aquia, with orders to report from there by telegraph to General Williams. Shall they be hurried up or landed?

Glad to hear that communication with Pope is open from your side. Good luck to you. Will telegraph you soon again.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

[Major-General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Alexandria, August 30, 1862-8.20 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth:

Telegram of midnight received. Use you discretion about the cavalry. I have only three squadrons, two of which are with Franklin. I expect some to-day. Do not strip yourself of everything. Your information about Pope substantially confirmed from this side. His troops are at Centreville. Supplies have gone to him by rail and by wagon. Secesh has missed his first coup. We will soon see what his second is to be.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, August 30, 1862-8.34 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Our advance telegraph operator reports all quiet in that direction. No firing heard. Hope you are in direct communication with General Pope by this time.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 30, 1862-12.30 a.m.

H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

One of my cavalrymen just in from Manassas Junction; left there at 1 p.m.; says our troops in possession and fighting in the direction of Centreville. Our troops driving the rebels before them. There were trains of cars and wagon trains between Catlett's and Manassas, guarded by some of General Banks' corps. The country between here and Catlett's was free from rebels, and my scouts in all directions on this side the river represent the same thing. All that this man says indicates that Pope's men have been successful and are pursuing the enemy. He represents no scarcity of provisions and the men in good spirits. I hope to have more scouts return before morning. My scouts just in from the south side of the river found no enemy, and the indications are that no considerable force of the enemy is approaching this place. I shall learn what officer got up the stampede and report him to you. I have to telegraph to the Secretary of War to-night direct in reference to my medical director, which I hope you will not deem improper. I have withdrawn my advance telegraph station a

