
short distance to a more defensible place, but keep all my pickets where they were.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 30, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

How much water transportation have you at Aquia? How long will it take to bring your entire command to Alexandria? Pope drove the enemy on the 28th and was fighting him hard yesterday afternoon. We do not know the result, more than that our folks have not retreated.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 30, 1862-12.40 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We can leave this point quietly with all, or nearly all, our baggage and supplies on five hours' notice, and can, with the transportation that will be relieved by the arrival of troops at Alexandria, be there certainly in three days from the time of reaching Aquia Creek, with all the batteries, cavalry, and infantry. My scouts, in my opinion, now extend a little too far up the Rappahannock, considering the small force we have to guard the fords. Some of these are as much as 25 miles off, and necessarily in small parties and liable to be cut off. Had I not better withdraw those from Kelly's Ford? I deem it my duty to say to you that this line is now weak against a strong force, but we will hold it as long as possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FALMOUTH, VA., August 30, 1862-3 p.m.

General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following just received:

Twelve miles from Falmouth met Colonel Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry. He scouts to Rappahannock, pickets at Kelly' Ford, Barnett's Ford, and all crossings. The colonel says he has all clear in front, and wishes me to move my squadron toward Catlett's Station, which I will do this p.m., as it is not necessary for me to advance up toward Kelly's Ford. The colonel states that he has a strong position where he is (at Deep Run), with pickets to the front 13 miles. All quiet.

Yours,

CHAS. LEMMON,

Captain Third Indiana Cavalry.

The above is by a courier. Since its receipt we have learned by telegraph that the pickets at Kelly's Ford have been driven in, but think the force that drove them in is not large.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

