
wharf here. Should have been off before this but for the interference of Couch's division, that persists in embarking, and takes the vessels assigned to my command. Had to arrest Colonel Russell, of the Seventh Massachusetts, yesterday for refusing to give up a vessel assigned to me by your department. His conduct has delayed me twenty-four hours. Please report this to the general. Shall be off in twelve hours after it stops blowing. Transports are coming in.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

YORKTOWN, August30, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

The delay, if any, in sending off cavalry has arisen in the matter of transportation, which is not and has not been under my control. I requested Captain Sawtelle to designate the vessels for the different purposes. Your telegram to me of the 27th is in the following words:

Please have the embarkation of Couch's division pushed with the utmost rapidity, and send off every vessel for this place as soon as it is loaded.

I will see that nothing further goes till all the cavalry is off.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, August 30, 1862-6.45 p.m.

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

A strong wind and heavy sea last night caused a large number of vessels that left yesterday to put back, which we now expect to get away early to-morrow morning. Still a very large proportion of the wagons have gone. Until yesterday we had an abundance of transportation, and we would have continued to have been well supplied if they had returned as promptly as heretofore.

The orders from General McClellan for the last few days have been to embark cavalry in preference to anything else, and very large numbers of horses have been shipped. I cannot understand why the transports are not more promptly returned.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, August 30, 1862.

Colonel INGALLS, Chief Quartermaster, Alexandria:

A number of the schooners that started from Yorktown yesterday with cavalry horses were driven back by the gale to this place. All the large tugs and nearly all the steamers kept up the Potomac. If there are not sent back I cannot send the horses rapidly. Please order some of them back.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

