
ber of cars with four engines were the other side of Kettle Run Bridge, ready to come over as soon as possible. One of the engines, the one in advance, had twelve cars of ammunition and more behind. After the completion of Kettle Run the trains can advance to Bristoe. They are probably there now.

This intelligence is extremely gratifying. I learn, too, that Broad Run Bridge has been attempted to be destroyed by cutting off the legs of all the trestles. They could not have done mischief in a way that would render it more easy and expeditious for us to repair. Very few hours should make Broad Run passable, and then Bull Run will remain the only obstacle.

HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 30, 1862-12.15 p.m.

General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The chief danger to our trains and construction forces arises from the cavalry companies of Prince William. I would be pleased if you could order some cavalry immediately to patrol the country east of the railroad toward the Occoquan; also to have a force of not less than 200 sharpshooters to ride on top of the cars and assist in unloading the trains. I would further suggest that while we are unloading stores at Sangster's, or at any other point, there should be a force to protect the stores and employes.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-4.30. p.m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

We obey orders, and will send train to Washington as soon as track is clear, but there should be some way of keeping back those who are impelled by mere curiosity and sending those who will be useful. I think time would be saved by sending those who will be useful. I think time would be saved by sending to Alexandria. The hour of sending trains from this place will depend on the time of return trains, which is uncertain. We will be running out and in all night. I suppose the wounded will soon be pouring in, and the removal of them must be carefully managed, so as not to interfere with supplies. It seems to me that if the battle is over, we have men enough to act as nurses. If it is not over, we do not want any citizens to skedaddle and create a panic.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-5 p.m.

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

The latest news is that our men are busy building bridges beyond Bull Run. One of my assistants has just returned from Bristoe to Manassas; reports bridge across Kettle Run finished; a good force at work at Broad Run an another at Bull Run. One train of supplies sent out and unloaded; another of thirteen cars of bread and meat just starting. The track to Bull Run should be clear by this time, but I have no advices of the fact.

Major Fifield has this moment arrived on return train, and gives it

