
ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 30, 1862.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your telegram in regard to orders to General Couch has been received. As soon as the officer reports I will make the arrangement. We have already stationed 200 at Bull Run, 150 at Fairfax, and 150 more will be sent by next train; 200 travel with trains as guards. The regiment of General Couch will be placed at bridges along the road between Alexandria and Fairfax, beyond which point trains will not run to-night. To-morrow there should be a better organization of guards than now exists. The attacks are usually made before midnight, and the guards, to be use, should be early posted.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 30, 1862-9 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

It is reported by the operator at Manassas that there is skirmishing in the vicinity of Bristoe. May not this indicate an escape of the enemy toward Fredericksburg? I do not understand that we have much force in this direction to oppose such a movement.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

From the conductor of the wrecking and construction train I learn that the wreck at Bull Run is nearly cleared. The bridge will be commenced to-morrow and probably finished next day. I have stationed 200 men at the bridge as a protection. The track is clear to Bull Run.

HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-10 p.m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

A train of sixteen cars, containing about 800 persons, has arrived. I do not wish them to go ahead of the ammunition train, as they will be very much in the way; so I have told them that a proper regard for their safety and a desire to protect them against attack induces me to delay them to send an ammunition train with troops and to place guards on top of cars. They are very patient with this information. I hope to forward General Couch's regiment without special train by placing the men on top of the cars. Abundance of commissary stores have now been sent forward-eighteen car loads commissary and thirty-six of forage.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT,

August 30, 1862-11.45 p.m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have just had a conversation with M. P. Wood, master-machinist,

