
who has had charge of the machine-shop in Frederickburg. He says that after having used the forges two days it was discovered that a loaded, shell had been placed in each. I think the proprietor, John Scott, now under arrest, should not be released. His is an aggravated case.

H. HAUPT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 30, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq., Philadelphia:

General Pope fought a great battle all day yesterday against the combined forces of the enemy at Centreville on the very ground of the Bull Run fight of last year. The enemy acted entirely on the defensive and were driven at all points. A large number of prisoners were taken by our forces. The loss in killed and wounded is great on both sides. Volunteer surgeons are needed. Send all you can to report to the Surgeon-General, and see that they are furnished with transportation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy of above also sent to Samuel M. Felton, esq., Philadelphia, Pa.)

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, August 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to request that orders be given to the proper officers of the Quartermaster's Department to transport from the hospitals in this city and Alexandria to Philadelphia, New York, and Portsmouth Grove about 3,000 convalescent soldiers, in order to afford room for the wounded to arrive from the Army of Virginia. Also that 500 tents (hospital tents if possible) be turned over to Surgeon Campbell for the use of the sick.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, August 30, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: You will please carry into effect the foregoing recommendation of the Surgeon-General and report to this Department.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

P. S.-It is suggested by the Surgeon-General that all the hacks and carriages in town, or so many as may be needed, be seized and used for the purpose of transporting the convalescents from the hospitals to the depot. Also that there are transports at Alexandria that may be used.

