
cers in their hands, some of the most valuable, from every State. Our wagons are gone, and our artillery and cavalry will not soon be movable. The latter is broken down, and, as Pope says, he has no cavalry, though he has regiments. We have taken very few prisoners (some 400). In return, we have left all our killed and most of our wounded in their hands. The enemy got one battery of six pieces yesterday; I believe it belonged to Reynolds. The enemy took Manassas, one battery, and left one piece spiked and useless. It was left on the ground when we abandoned Manassas. I hear it is claimed we captured it.

We are bivouacking, and, as I have no dinner or supper to-day and no chance of any to-morrow, I will bid you good-by, in the hope of soon seeing you (without being whipped), and that you have plenty to eat. If we return, I hope the forces will be directed to take different roads to the forts, and that they will be well manned and protected by us. I do not wish to see the army back if it can be helped; but I fear it may be kept here at the will of the enemy, to cripple it so that when it does get back it will be so crippled that it cannot defend the forts against the powerful enemy who will hold it here while they cross into Maryland. I may be in error as to their purpose.

Lee is here; Jackson is not now here. Cadmus Wilcox commands Hill's division directly in front, and the enemy are massing to turn us. I expect to hear hourly of our rear being cut and our supplies and trains (scarcely guarded) at Fairfax Station being destroyed, as we are required to stay here and fight. I am glad Couch is coming up on the road. Hope we will have the fight before he gets here, as so much will be saved for another day. I understand the Secretary of the Interior sent out some men to take care of our wounded, and they were much surprised to find that they were in the hands of the enemy. They return with a different impression from what they came. Good night. The bearer will tell you much.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., August 30, 1862-6 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK:

I have scouts and spies out in the direction of the present battle ground. Should the enemy be defeated, it is possible that a portion of his forces will retreat along the base of the Blue Ridge, near the Shenandoah River, in this valley. I desire, in such case, discretionary authority to move against any force I can reasonably hope to cope with.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, August 31, 1862-11 a.m.

Major-General POPE:

MY DEAR GENERAL: You have nobly. Don't yield another inch if you can avoid it. All reserves are being sent forward. Couch's division goes to-day. A part of it went to Sangster's Station last night. With Franklin and Sumner, who must now be with you, can't you renew the attack? I don't write more particularly for fear dispatch will not reach you. I am doing all in my power for you and your noble army. God bless you and it! Send me news more often, if possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

49 R R-VOL XII, PT III

