
ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, August 31, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

A large portion of the nurses who came over last night were drunk and very disorderly. I sent them off, with written directions to the officer in command at Fairfax to arrest every one who was drunk and return him by next train. I understand that a large numbers are on their way back. They are much in the way. Can you not place a guard on Long Bridge? We are now using cars to bring back nurses, who are satisfied with the experience of one night, and are skedaddling back again.

HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, August 31, 1862.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM:

Can you not get an order from the Secretary of War to prevent any more people from coming over? Nearly a thousand came last night, half of them drunk. We don't want one of them. I said to Watson that if the battle was over the companions of the wounded could attend to them; if it was not over, the presence of such a crowd might create a panic and do immense harm. In this case they were more than useless. Have guards placed to keep them away if possible.

HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 31, 1862.

President LINCOLN:

One of our train dispatchers reports from Manassas that he was ordered out of his car at Bristoe this morning by our troops, with the information that they were ordered to destroy the cars and engines, and they have been burned. I suppose this was done by command of General Banks.

HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA.,

August 31, 1862-1.45 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, and

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Camp near Alexandria:

I am just informed that Manassas is being evacuated again by our men and that Banks' forces are moving toward Centreville. I know very little of what is going on, but this movement would seem to indicate large re-enforcements of the enemy from the direction of the Rappahannock, particularly as our cars and engines at and near Bristoe were destroyed by our own men this morning. As our forces occupy Centreville, Fairfax, and Vienna, and in fact the whole line north of the railroad, there should be but little difficulty in our retaining possession of the triangle formed by the line of railroad from Bull Run to Alexandria, the steams of Bull Run, Occoquan, and the Potomac. If the bridges and fords on the Occoquan and Bull Run are guarded and

