
transports are returning from the Potomac very slowly, and it is impossible for me to designate the transportation until it arrives. More vessels than will be required by Pleasonton have already been sent, so that Averell can make a commencement. I have ordered Captain Newell to let nothing interfere with the embarkation of cavalry at Yorktown.

C. G. SAWTELLE.

Since yesterday I consider myself in full command here, and if all orders are sent to me I will see they are carried out.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 31, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Colonel INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, or

Captain C. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Alexandria:

The Assistant Secretary of War reports a deficiency of transports at Fort Monroe for the last day or two, which he attributes to their not being as promptly returned from the Potomac as heretofore. Cavalry and wagons waiting the means of transportation there.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

ALEXANDRIA, August 31, [1862]-4.30 p.m.

General M. C. MEIGS:

Your dispatch is received. Since my arrival I have hastened off every vessel the instant it could leave. There have been many demands for vessels from Colonel Rucker to carry sick, and others to bring up Burnside from Aquia. There is no delay here except in coaling, and that is as short as possible.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Chief Quartermaster.

ALEXANDRIA, August 31, 1862-4.30 p.m.

Honorable JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Since my arrival I have hastened off every vessel the instant it could leave. There have been many demands for vessels from Colonel Rucker to carry sick, and others to bring up Burnside from Aquia. There is no delay here except in coaling, and that is as short as possible. The vessels that took General McClellan and his headquarters here were delayed some sixty hours at Aquia, where the general awaited orders. That is the only delay to my knowledge.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Chief Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, August 31, 1862-5.50 p.m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All of General Pleasonton's cavalry will have embarked this evening,

