
and I shall send transportation to Yorktown for Averell's as fast as he can use it. The hospital tents will start to-day. The wagons and trains of the different corps are being loaded as rapidly as possible, giving first to the cavalry such transports as they can use.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

STEAMER MORGAN,

Queen Street Wharf, Alexandria, August 31, 1862-6.50 p.m.

General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

Lieutenant Bradford went forward with an ammunition train this morning. The account has been kept only in boxes. Five thousand one hundred and thirty-four boxes of artillery and infantry ammunition have been received here for General Pope; 1,588 boxes were forwarded to him by cars at 9 o'clock last night; 1,000 at 4 o'clock this morning; the rest will start to-night.

HORACE PORTER,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of the Potomac.

CAMDEN STATION, August 31, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

As the withdrawal of General Cox's division from that region will doubtless encourage attacks by the enemy, it appears important that General Kelley's request for re-enforcements should be promptly granted. In the present posture of affairs the forces near the road east of Grafton are too limited to bear any reduction unless quickly replaced. If, therefore, troops could be sent from Wheeling or Eastern Ohio to assist this emergency I think it would be most desirable. We can furnish equipment at a few hours' notice in the west end for the movement. General Wool fully appreciated the propriety of strengthening the forces on the Washington Branch road and will attend at once to it. Arrangements have been made for a number of surgeons and aides to go by train at 4.30 a.m. to the point required.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 31, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

U. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Consideration for your wounded induces me to consent to your sending ambulances to convey them within your lines. I cannot consent to a truce or a suspension of military operations of this army. If you desire to send for your wounded, should your ambulances re port to Dr. Guild, medical director of this army, he will give directions for transportation.

The wounded will be paroled, and it is understood that no delay will take place in their removal.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

