
had about 1,200 infantry, 300 cavalry, and two pieces of artillery. I suppose Johnson to mean Jackson. Would it not be well to order the Ohio regiments asked for in my dispatch of yesterday to move to Point Pleasant, and report to me from that place?

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX,Charleston:

Direct General Crook to send on Thursday next detachments from Sutton and Summerville into Webster County to destroy the guerrilla organization there. Lieutenant-Colonel Harris is directed to send a detachment on the same day from Weston. These forces must co-operate, and, if possible, put a final stop to all guerrilla raising in that quarter. The detachments should place themselves in communication with each other; move without any baggage and with the utmost rapidity. Answer. Horses are being purchased for your batteries according to requisition.

J. C. FREMONT.

WOODSTOCK, April 15, 1862-11 p. m.

General McCLELLAN,

Near Yorktown:

The progress of Fremont's troops on the west, toward Staunton, alarmed Jackson, who has moved above New Market. His marching orders provided one day's rations only. Ashby still here. We have a sleepless eye upon him, and are straining every nerve to advance as quickly as possible.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 15, 1862.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX,Charleston:

By telegram yesterday, to which no answer has yet been received, I directed you to order detachments from Sutton and Summerville to co-operate with Lieutenant-Colonel Harris from Weston on Thursday next, for the purpose of extirpating the guerrillas in Webster County.

Colonel Harris telegraphs that 100 men from Buckhannon and Camp Canaan will proceed to Addison, in Webster County, on Thursday.

A detachment will go from Bulltown to Addison on the same day. Twenty-five men from Weston will join 50 men at Sutton, and proceed on Thursday, so as to join the other detachments at Addison on Friday afternoon.

You will secure the proper co-operation from Summerville. Answer.

J. C. FREMONT.

