HEADQUARTERS BUFORD'S CAVALRY,Germantown, September 1, 1862-7.15 p.m.

GENERAL: The report from my right, up the Ox road, is that 2 1/2 miles from this point its advance was fired upon by a footman. Immediately after, and near the head of the column, a mounted man came out of the woods, and on being challenged answered that he belonged to Stuart's cavalry, and when ordered to surrender he clapped spurs to his horse and made his escape.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,September 1, 1862.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The whole corps is on the march to Germantown. The enemy is marching on the Little River turnpike to turn our rear. Counter-march your brigade, and move with it in the direction of Fairfax Court-House.

By order of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 1, 1862-1.30 a.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Alexandria:

Burnside was ordered up very early yesterday morning. Retain remainder of Couch's forces, and make arrangements to stop all retreating troops in line of works or where you can best establish an outer line of defense. My news from Pope was up to 4 p.m. and he was then all right. I must wait for more definitive information before I can order a retreat, as the falling back on the line of works must necessarily be directed in case of a serious disaster. Give me all additional news that is reliable. I shall be up all night and ready to act as circumstances may require. I am fully aware of the gravity of the crisis and have been for weeks.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1862-1.40 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch received. Your instructions will be carried out to the letter. I will send you all information that I can obtain at once. We will be on the alert here. It will not be necessary for you to remain up all night so far as news from here is concerned, for anything new of the slightest importance will be communicated to you instantly.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

