
is that, for their country's sake, they will extend to General Pope the same support they ever have to me.

I am in charge of the defenses of Washington, and am going all I can to render your retreat safe, should that become necessary.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[Received September 1, 8.30 p.m.]

General McCLELLAN, near Alexandria, Va.:

Bayard reports the enemy forming in on the Chantilly road, and my pickets that they are coming down the Little River turnpike. Twelve brass guns were seen, and infantry and cavalry. I can see the dust and flags; columns evidently moving directly north; evidently toward Leesburg. If you can, I hope you will protect the fords into Maryland and guard the railroad to Baltimore. I think we will have a fight before night. The enemy are between us and Faifax Court-House, and shelled our trains last night. We will fight, or they will avoid us and strike our rear first. We have been held on thirty-six hours too long, and we are bound to work our way to Alexandria. I only regret that we have not been distributed to forts and to the fords over the Potomac into Maryland. God speed your operations, and enable you and others in authority to save our country.

Yours,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

The following has just been left here. The officer who brought it says he was informed by General Bayard that the portion of Couch's division in front was at Germantown:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Centreville, Va, September 1, 1862-2 p.m.

Colonel TORBERT:

Send back word immediately to Alexandria to hurry up Couch's division and all other troops coming from Washington to Germantown. They must be at Germantown as early this p.m. as possible-certainly to-night. They must take up a strong position there. There is no doubt the enemy is approaching you. Hold on to your position to the last. The whole army is on the move to join you.

By command of General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Couch's second brigade left here at 1 o'clock last night; was 6 miles out on the road at 6 o'clock this morning. Abercrombie's brigade has

