
guard from Porter's corps, 98; two companies of Third Virginia Cavalry, Sigel's baggage guard, 84; also Third Maine Battery, with pontoons, but no guns, 80 men. Part of Abercrombie's brigade is still here, but I have no report from him as yet. I expect one shortly. There are also the following batteries: A, B, C, and D, First Battalion New York; Bramhall's Sixth New York Battery; First New Jersey; Webber's (H) First U. S.; Fourth New York, Smith's (incomplete); Lock's section Hazzard's old battery; Taft's Fifth New York, and Huntington's (H) First Ohio. General Pleasonton makes a report in regard to the five companies of his command which have arrived. I send you the following extract:

They were disembarked this evening and ordered out to camp. I have heard nothing from them since. I have sent out to find them, but without success. They must have taken the other road, by the Seminary, and gone out to the front. I shall send for them the first thing in the morning. There were three Eighth Illinois and two Eighth Pennsylvania companies. No other transports of my command have yet arrived.

A. PLEASONTON.

S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 1, 1862-3.15 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My command consists of new troops, convalescents, and stragglers. A part fit for the field, part not. It takes two regiments for fatigue, patrol, and guard duty. This is the majority of my organized command. It requires here at this time a considerable force to preserve order, to collect stragglers, and prevent the demoralization of passing troops, as well as constant labor day and night. We are to-day becoming overrun with straggling officers and men.

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 1, 1862-11.35 a.m.

President LINCOLN:

Arrivals of our railroad men report that officers at Fairfax say that we have troops beyond Bull Run; that there is no firing heard at Fairfax; that the enemy appears to be moving toward Leesburg. Bull Run Bridge is reconstructed, except rails, which I will not lay at present, as we have no use for the track. I am not sending supplies to Faifax, but am bringing in the wounded as fast as possible. More wounded still coming in. About 1,000 wounded there at this time. Large quantities of supplies go by wagon from Alexandria. All our cars and engines beyond Bull Run were destroyed by our own men.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, VA., September 1, 1862-1 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We hear nothing to-day of the position of forces. All is quiet in the direction of Fairfax, and the firing is distant and toward Leesburg. We have no orders to send forward supplies to Fairfax Station. Nine

