
FAIRFAX STATION, VA.,

September 1, 1862-7 p.m.

Colonel HAUPT, Alexandria:

The enemy have made a movement to our right, which has thrown our right wing back to Fairfax Court-House. General Couch's division is beyond. General Hatch is at Fairfax Court-House. I saw these generals in position. I hear of the position of others. Teamsters are stampeding. The shower will injure the roads. I think it better to defer sending, until I can give further information, either ordnance or stores, unless particular kinds have been called for.

G. O. HALLER,

Major, Seventh Infantry.

FAIRFAX, September 1, 1862-9 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: 1st. Your dispatch received. There are now here, exclusive of my command, fully 1,000 troops, organized volunteers, besides a number of fugitives. I consider the number ample to protect this camp, but I fear the volunteers are much demoralized and ready to stampede, or I would have asked to be recalled. There is a colonel here, and all that remains of three regiments of General McDowell's corps, and yet I have had to command and arrange matters.

2nd. No one has been assigned to command here. No one sends me orders; all obey me as a military necessity. I have assumed command to secure order. I can give up the command when the general desires me to withdraw without, I believe, violating any rule of service.

3rd. The enemy this afternoon turned our right flank and has brought our right flank and has brought our right wing back to Fairfax Court-House. This wing is in supporting distance in the event of a serious attack from the direction of the Accokeek Creek.

4th. The camp is advantageously located to resist a cavalry raid or light artillery.

5th. Can I march away from this point to the sound of the enemy's guns? There was very heavy firing near to, but on the right of, Centreville this evening. The result is not known.

Respectfully,

G. O. HALLER,

Major, Seventh Infantry, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 1, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Pope still holds his own, but I fear will be obliged to fight again to-day. Hurry up your re-enforcements as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

AQUIA CREEK, VA., September 1, 1862-6.40 a.m.

Major-Generals HALLECK and McCLELLAN:

Everything is progressing well. I have just received word that all have passed Potomac Creek. I have strong cavalry and artillery force

