
AQUIA, VA., September 2, 1862-8 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Nothing embarked since yesterday afternoon for want of transports. We have no coal for our tugs and lighters. If it becomes necessary, in order to hasten, shall I destroy wagons, locomotives, cars, and depot?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 2, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Aquia, Va.:

Hasten forward the troops as rapidly as possible. Leave a rear guard to protect property till it can be brought away; or, if it cannot be protected, it must be destroyed. All transports at Alexandria are ordered to Aquia.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 2, 1862.

Colonel INGALLS, Alexandria, Va.:

General Burnside wants more transports at Aquia; also coal for gunboats. It is important that Burnside be brought up as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 2, 1862.

Colonel J. C. Kelton, Chief of Staff:

The general-in-chief's dispatch to Colonel Ingalls has been received and in his absence opened by me. I have dispatched to Aquia Creek ten steamers at daylight this a.m. All light draught and large capacity. I am also sending back to Aquia the boats sent there yesterday and now here with batteries and horses as fast as unloaded. I think the arrangements are such as will bring nearly everything from Aquia to-day except the cavalry.

C. B. FERGUSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

AQUIA CREEK, VA., September 2, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, and

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

McIntyre's squadron has just arrived and will be embarked at once for Washington. All the Reserve Artillery but Gibson's batteries has gone. The remaining half of Williams' Massachusetts cavalry left last night. The First New York Cavalry will be off in a few minutes. Owing to the northwest gale the water in the harbor is very low and none of the large vessels can come in. Hope to get all the troops em-

