
barked by to-morrow night. It will take some days to embark the wagons, teams, and beef cattle. Will report to you by telegraph as soon as I reach Alexandria.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

AQUIA, VA., September 2, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Do we hold Fairfax and Sangster's Station? The three regiments of cavalry here will take more transportation than all the rest of the command. Would it be safe for them to join General Pope by way of Wolf Run Shoals on the Occoquan. The bridge at the town of Occoquan has been destroyed. Please answer, as we have just commenced on them.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 2, 1862.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The only companies of the First Massachusetts Cavalry up till yesterday are four, which are aboard the Planter. The officer in charge reports them unfit for duty at least ten days. They are now disembarking. Nearly two companies arrived this a.m. aboard the Star, and are disembarking. I have furnished Captain Sargent, the officer commanding these companies, with copies of the telegrams directing the movements of the regiment.

C. B. FERGUSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 2, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Ames' and Morgan's batteries are on shore. Edwards' will disembark at high tide. These are of the reserves, and camp near the Seminary. Thomas, Frank, Owen, and Hazzard, of Sumner's corps, are landing; will be on shore this p.m. They camp near Seminary. These are all I can find in addition to those Abert reported yesterday to General Williams.

EDW. McK. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 2, 1862.

General JULIUS WHITE, Winchester, Va.:

You will immediately abandon the fortifications at Winchester, sending the heavy guns under escort by rail to Harper's Ferry. If this cannot be done, they should be rendered unserviceable. Having sent off your artillery, you will withdraw your whole force to Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

