
SEPTEMBER 2, [1862]- 1.20 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

MY DEAR HALLECK: My ordnance officer (Lieutenant Porter) informs me that General Ripley says that he has just received an order from the Secretary of War to ship everything from this arsenal to New York.

I had sent to General Ripley to learn what small arms were here, so that I might be prepared to arm stragglers, &amp;c. I do not think this order ought to be carried out so promptly. I do not despair of saving the capital. Better destroy all there at the eleventh hour than to send them off now. Will you not say something as to this?

In haste, truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

I am pushing things through and shall soon have everything we have in readiness.

McC.

UPTON'S HILL, VA., September 2, 1862.

General MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Dispatch in regard to occupants of houses in front, &c., is received, and will be immediately attended to. The village of Falls Church is also a mile in front of Fort Buffalo. Is there any special order in regard to it or is it covered by this?

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

ARLINGTON HOUSE, VA., September 2, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shall the companies on extra duty for field works and wood cutting be called in or shall we try to complete the rifle pits from Fort Craig to Fort Richardson? Colonel Warner's stragglers are ordered near Fort Albany, to the rear of the creek in front of it and between Albany and Craig. The Fifteenth Connecticut is near the same place. The Thirteenth New Jersey is directed to encamp on the plateau near the house formerly occupied by Colonel Greene, below the hill on which Fort richardson is situated. The One hundred and twenty-fifth and twenty- fifth Pennsylvania is encamped at Fort Barnard. The above four regiments are brigaded, under command of Colonel Van Valkenburg. Two regiments (the One hundred and seventh New York and Thirty-fifth Massachusetts) are between Fort Craig and

and the Columbia turnpike, working on rifle pits, to connect these forts. Shall they continue that work? Forts from Albany to De Kalb are occupied by Fourteenth Massachusetts Artillery, with the Sixteenth Maine associated with it, to complete the garrisons. A brigade of four regiments, commanded by Colonel Fellows, of the Ninth New Hampshire, is encamped in rear of Forts De kalb and Woodbury. Have sent to warn the occupants of houses in front of the works to go to Washington. Will try to keep the troops ready for service.

A. W. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

