
structions have been given. Your dispatch in relation to the command of Major Haller has also been received, and will be promptly communicated to that officer.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 2, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

A portion of my brigade is guarding the railroad between Fairfax Station and this place an several regiments at Fairfax. To save time I have directed General Devens to proceed with the troops here of his brigade and one of the reserve batteries, which is now landing and will be ready by 2 p. m. Shall I proceed with my brigade also on its arrival here?

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

FORT ALBANY, VA., September 2, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of 1.40 p. m. received.* My camp will be between Forts Runyon and Albany, on the river side of the road. Until my camp is established communications will reach me at Fort Albany. Does the general wish me to report to General Cox with my whole command or simply to send him the Eighth Illinois Cavalry? Your message, as telegraphed, is not clear.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

FORT ALBANY, VA.,

Via Arlington, Va., September 2, 1862.

General J. A. HARDIE, Aide-de-Camp:

Have just arrived here with a squadron of Eighth Illinois Cavalry, all I could raise. Squadron from Fairfax Court-House has returned, and reports road open and our troops concentrating at that place. General Reno had a fight last evening; drove the rebels back and lost 1,600 men. He reported General's Kearny and Stevents missing. Also reports, as his opinion, that the rebels are moving in force toward the Potomac, on our right, in the direction of the Chain Bridge.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

FAIRFAX, VA., September 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General MARCY, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: One of our pickets has come in and reports cavalry of the enemy halting near them. We are for the raid. Darkness prevents us from seeing their number. They are on the road from the Accotink Creek. We were joined by some of Banks' troops in the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

