HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,September 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General BAYARD, &amp;c.:

You will report to Major-General Hooker, who commands the rear guard, with your cavalry command.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 2, 1862-4 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have ordered all cars forward immediately from Fairfax Station. Major Haller's command started some time ago. Your information comes too late to send additional cars from Alexandria to Fairfax. We are just advised that the last of our army has passed and the depot is already in the rear. I have directed that, in case this information is correct, to start with all the cars now at Fairfax, put in the wounded as rapidly as possible, and return to Alexandria. To send trains now from here to Fairfax would be certain capture.

H. HAUPT.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, September 2, 1862.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have the satisfaction of reporting that all our engines and cars have returned in safety to Alexandria. The officers at Fairfax seemed to be several hours behind in obtain intelligence of army movements, and contrary to my suggestions, held to stores until after the last of the rear guard had passed. I did not order cars forward until it would have been almost certain destruction to send [retain] them. About sixteen car loads of forage and commissary stores were burned. The guards were directed by to fall back along the railroad until they met a train sent out for them, but they seemed to be alarmed and scattered, many of the taking the common road.

The railroad and telegraph men were the last to leave, and brought off everything movable. They report artillery firing apparently east of Fairfax Court-House toward Alexandria.

H. HAUPT.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have a telegram from Colonel Miles, at Harper's Ferry, who reports that from information received Jackson is only 8 miles south of Lees burg. An affair took place between our scouts and the rebels. Thirty to 40 of our men arrived at Point of Rocks, 4 wounded. A sergeant and 10 men arrived at Harper's Ferry, 1 wounded. Neither Captain Means nor Captain Hunter are heard of. Two lieutenants are supposed killed.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

