
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VA.,

Numbers 12. Fairfax Court-House, September 2, 1862.

In compliance with orders from the Headquarters of the Army the Third Army Corps will march as follows:

1st. Reynolds' division on the Little River turnpike and Columbia turnpike.

2nd. Rickett's division on Little River turnpike and Annandole, Falls Church road.

3rd. King's division, Falls Church road.

4th. Bayard's cavalry on Falls Church road.

5th. The Engineer Corps will precede the column on Falls Church road.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,September 3, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Washington:

MY DEAR KELTON: I do not exactly understand my status here. Will you ask the general, so I may know? Does McClellan command in chief on this side of the river or do his functions only extend to designating the positions to be occupied by the troops arriving from Centreville? Everybody in this army considers hi responsible for the failure to send forward Summer and Franklin and Cox or anybody else, and for the inefficient condition in which they did arrive, without artillery and with only 40 rounds of ammunition. There is, and can be, no good feeling here under these circumstances.

Beg the general, if nothing else can be done, to command himself. It is easy to do so from Washington, as the telegraph lines are all through these works. Anything like effectiveness here is impossible under present circumstances. I have sent out cavalry reconnaissances and wish to send heavy bodies of infantry and artillery toward Vienna and Lewinsville, but do not know whether I or some one else has the authority. These matters should be attended to at once, as we must know what the enemy is doing. Show this note the general, if you think best.

Very truly, yours,

JNO. POPE.
HEADQUARTERS,Ball's Cross-Roads, September 3, 1862-1.40 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We ought not to lose a moment in pushing forward the fresh troops to confront the enemy. In three days we should be able to renew the offensive in the direction of Little River pike, beyond Fairfax Court-House. We must strike again with fresh men while the enemy is weakened and broken down. I am ready to advance again to the front with the fresh troops now here. Those I brought in can remain for two days. Somebody ought to have the supreme command here. Let us not sit down quietly, but push forward again. I give you these suggestions because I believe them very important. I would have attacked again yesterday, but for the reasons I gave you. Whether

