
the causes then stated can be received I don't know, but if possible they should be. The enemy is in the direction of Leesburg, with his left resting on Dranesville road, far as he can be traced by his pickets. I have just received advises from that direction. Lee himself is on the Leesburg turnpike.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 3, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Ball's Cross-Roads:

GENERAL: Yours by Colonel Ruggles is just received. As soon as your troops all arrive within General McClellan's command you will report in person at these headquarters.

General McClellan commands all troops in the fortifications.

A reorganization of an army for the field will be immediately made. Till then General McClellan,a s senior and as commanding the defenses of Washington, must exorcise general authority.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 3, 1862.

Lieutenant J. F. McQUESTEN,

Adjutant, Second U. S. Cavalry:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date I have the honor to make the following report of the manner in which my squadron was captured on the 31st ultimo:

On the 30th ultimo I was ordered with my squadron from Alexandria to report to General Summer at Annandale. I moved with the squadron to the place designated, and, finding that General Summer had moved on, I followed with the squadron, sending to General Summer to know if I should join them with the squadron. I received orders to do so, and joined him about 5 or 6 miles from Centreville, where the command spent the night.

At daylight the next morning I was directed by General Summer to leave him twelve orderlies, and with the remainder of the squadron to make a reconnaissance several miles to the right and front, returning to meet him in the rear of Centreville.

After performing this duty I met General Summer at Centreville and reported that I had found no trace of the enemy. I then moved with General Summer to a short distance to the right of Centreville, when I was again directed to make a reconnaissance to the right as far as Germantown. I accordingly moved to the right as far as the turnpike, and learning that Germantown was to the rear on the road, I turned in that direction, and after going 2 or 3 miles halted my command for rest and to give my horses a small feed, as they had been mand for rest and to give my horses a small feed, as they had been nearly twenty-four hours without being unsaddled or having anything to east. About fifteen minutes after halting my sentinel reported horsemen in thereat on the road over which I had just come, but as we had been passing stragglers for the last few miles I supposed that they were some of our own men, but went to see myself; not being satisfied,

