
I gave directions to bridle up. It was again reported that they were our troops, but immediately after my command was charged by two squadrons of Confederate cavalry, closely followed by the light division of Major-General Stuart, numbering between 2,000 and 3,000 cavalry and two horse batteries. The leading squadrons immediately opened fire upon me, which was returned by a portion of my command the remainder of the command attempting to make their escape from so overpowering a force by fleeing through the fields toward the shelter of the woods.

thus surrounded by so large a force, while dismounted, I had nothing left for me but surrender or massacre. i surrendered to Brigadier-General Fitz. Lee, commanding the leading brigade of the enemy, my remaining force, Lieutenant R. E. Clary and about 20 men.

The enemy afterward brought in 25 or 30 more men of the squadron and about 20 infantry stragglers that they had picked up on the road over which I had passed.

The men were paroled, and myself and Lieutenant Clary taken along with the enemy as prisoners.

Private Martin Kalley of my command was badly wounded, and left behind, with a wounded soldier of the enemy.

Lieutenant Rodenbough of the squadron was brought in the next morning to General Lee.

I remained a prisoner with the enemy until the morning of September 2, when I was paroled and sent with Lieutenants Clary and Rodenbough to our pickets near Falls Church.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HIGHT,

Captain, Second Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,September 4, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I propose the following organization for the forces hereafter to be placed under command:

First Corps, Major-General Banks: To consist of his present corps of 6,000 men, re-enforced by the of the new regiments.

Second Corps, Major-General McDowell: To consist of his own corps, re-enforced by ten of the new regiments.

Third Corps, Major-General Reno: To consist of Burnside's old corps re-enforced by the troops of Hunter and six new regiments.

Fourth Corps, Major-General Hooker: To consist of the forces under Cox, and the American regiments under Milroy, Schenck, and Schurz, now serving with Sigel's corps, re-enforcement; the new regiments to be distributed among the brigades of the old organization; Buford's and Bayard's cavalry. Artillery in abundance is now with these forces.

This organization which can be made in a few days, will give me an effective force of between 40,000 and 60,000 men, who are anxious to serve with me, and can be completed in a day or two, if I can be per minted to assemble them at some central point where they will be within easy supporting distance of any part of the intrenchments, say somewhere near upton's Hill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

