
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS KEARNY'S DIVISION,

Numbers 49. September 4, 1862.

The brigadier-General commanding this division announces with deep sorrow the death of Major-General Kearny, its gallant commander. He died on the battle-field of Chantilly as his division was driving the enemy before it.

The entire country will mourn the loss of this gallant, chivalric soldier, and no one of this division but will hold ever fresh his memory.

Let us try to show our regard for him by ever sustaining the name that in his love for this division he gave it, viz, the "Fighting Division."

As a token of respect for his memory all the officers of this division will wear carpe on left arm for thirty days, and the colors and drums of regiments and batteries will be placed in morning for sixty days.

To still further who our regard for him, and to distinguish his officers as he wished, each officer will continue to wear on his

cap a piece of scarlet cloth or have the top or crown piece of cap made of scarlet cloth.

By order of Brigadier-General Birney:

J. B. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 5, 1862.

Major-General McClellan, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The President has directed that General Pope be relieved and report to War Department, that Hooker be assigned to command od Porter's corps, and that Franklin's corps be temporarily attached to Heintzelman's. The orders will be issued this afternoon.

Reynolds, Porter, and Franklin are to be relieved from duty till the charges against them are examined.

I give you this memorandum in advance of the orders, so that you may act accordingly in putting forces in the field.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ARLINGTON, September 5., 1862-12.5 p. m.

General R. B. MARCY:

Your order to have my command ready to march with three day's rations received.

Please inform me what is my command and where it is. General McClellan has ordered my troops to take post at various places, and I have never been notified in a single instance of their positions. He has communicated directly with them, and I know, and can know, nothing of thier whereabouts.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

ARLINGTON HOUSE, September 5, 1862-12.5 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in- Chief:

I have just received an order from General McClellan to have my

