
command in readiness to march with three day's rations and further details of the march.

What is my command and where is it? McClellan has scattered it about in all directions, and has not informed me of the position of a single regiment. Am I to take the field, and under McClellan'a orders?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,September 5, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

DEAR GENERAL: I must again ask your attention to the condition of things in this army. by the present arrangement you are doing me more injury than my worst enemy could do. It is understood, and acted on, that I am deprived of my command, and that it is assigned to McClellan.

An order defining his exact status here as well as my own is necessary at once. I send you an official protest against his action.

Again, I understood from you that you intended to publish a complimentary order to my army, for their arduous and difficult service, based upon the telegram you sent me. Your silence since conveys very plainly an unfavorable impression of me to the country. I hope that you will do me the kindness and the justice not to delay the issue of this order.

I have also to request that my official report sent you this morning be published. It is necessary for my own reputation, which I think will be injured by arrangements here. I trust you will furnish a copy of the report for the press as soon after you receive it as possible.

I am sure you will see the propriety of all these requests. Either I have conducted badly or I have not. If I have, I am prepared to shoulder the blame, but if, as both you and the President inform me, my course has met your entire approval, I am entitled to be shielded from unjust censure.

I am sure you will cheerfully admit this. I feel equally confident that you will repair it.

Very truly, yours,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

UNOFFICIAL.] WASHINGTON, September 5, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Arlington:

MY DEAR GENERAL: you will excuse me for not answering yours, official, of this morning. In the first place I did not know what would be your command, the two armies having been virtually consolidated. In the next, I had no time. Even now I can write only a few hasty words. The troops at present are under McClellan's orders, and it is evident that you cannot serve under him willingly. Moreover, your testimony is required by the court of Inquiry ordered on Generals Porter, Franklin, and Griffin.

