
Thirty cars, at $500............................. 15,000

Iron, shop, and track tools, &amp;c.................. 6,000

Commissary and quartermaster and other stores.... 4,000

_________

75,000

W. W. WRIGHT,

Superintendent Military Railroads.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SEPTEMBER 8, 1862.

Cyrus W. Blakeman calls and states that Government property was wantonly and unnecessarily destroyed at Aquia Creek last week. He says there was plenty of transportation to bring away all the Government stores and property that was destroyed. Transports were lying idle, and might have been used for that purpose.

[First indorsement.]

The President refers to Secretary the statement of Cyrus W. Blakeman in relation to the destruction of Government property at Aquia Creek.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 2, 1862.

Referred to the general-in-chief.

By order of Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Captain H. B. Blood, assistant quartermaster at Aquia Creek, says:

I was present when the buildings were burned. They were burned by the guard, under orders of the post commandant, Colonel, Welsh, of Forty-fifth Pennsylvania, said to have been by order of General Burnside. The cars were all run upon the wharf and all set fire together. All the cars used on the road were burned except two flats that had been sent away. All the bridges on the road were destroyed, but I did not see them burned. Captain Clem. L. West, Assistant quartermaster, post quartermaster at Aquia Creek, can give further information.

WASHINGTON, September 16, 1862.

The above is the statement as given to me by Captain Blood. Colonel McCallum informs me that the number of cars destroyed was 62.

H. HAUPT.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1862.

General HERMAN HAUPT,

Chief of Construction and Transportation:

In accordance with your request, I have the honor to send you a brief statement of the abandonment of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad.

On the 28th of August General Burnside telegraphed me to come to headquarters to make arrangements for moving all Government property

