
wharf), and we left it in first-rate order, with the necessary sidings and water stations and everything else complete.

It may be proper to state here that when we evacuated Fredericksburg, by direction of the major-general commanding, I furnished all the railroad facilities in my power for the transportation of all Union people, contrabands as well as others, to aquia Creek. We brought away a number of white families, with such of their goods as could be readily moved, and furnished to the Adams Express Company cars to load all their goods.

During the last two days the contrabands fairly swarmed about the Fredericksburg and Falmouth stations, and there was a continuous black line of men, women, and children moving north along the road, carrying all then worldly goods on their heads. every train running to Aguia was crowded with them. They all seemed to have perfect confidence that if they could only get within our lines they would be taken care of somehow. I think it safe to estimate the number of contrabands that have passed by this route since we took possession of the read at 10,000.

Before closing I must pay a tribute to the faithfulness and efficiency of the railroad employs on the road. With but a very few exceptions they appeared to take a personal interest in aiding me to put and keep the road in the most efficient condition. I regret exceedingly that circumstances make it necessary to disband so good a set of men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WRIGHT,

Engineer and Superintendent U. S. Military Railroad.

SEPTEMBER 28, 1862.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR COLONEL: Yours of the 25th is at hand. When I turned over the command of the division to Hatch all the papers were left with him, including the reports of the several brigadiers as to the operations during the latter part of August, and the battles of the 28th, 29th, and 30th.

Hatch, I understood, has made his report. Pray let me know what you have from our division, and I will endeavor to supply what is still lacking.

I hope the general is well and bears up manfully under the outrageous attacks of his enemies. Time will vindicate him.

I am much better, and hope to be entirely well again in a few days.

Very truly, yours,

RUFUS KING.

SAINT PAUL, September 30, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: The latter which I am about to address you had perhaps better have been left unwritten. Its result will soon exhibit whether or not this is so. You will excuse a little plain speaking, since it will doubtless be for our mutual benefit.

I begin, then, by saying that in my judgment every sense of justice and fair dealing, as well as a sense of deep personal obligation, should

