
II. Brigadier General D. H. Hill is assigned to the command of the division now acting under his orders.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Woodstock, March 26, 1862-10.50 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The enemy has fallen back and I have ordered

a pursuit. Ashby is in advance of this place. The main body of the troops will encamp near here to-night. My desire is to press as closely as circumstances will justify. The enemy may soon have me retreating again.

Very truly, your friend,

T. J. JACKSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Rapid, March 26, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I inclose herewith, for your information a letter just received from Major-General Jackson.*

In reply to his letter transmitted to you yesterday, I desired General Jackson to keep me informed of his movements, in order that if the enemy should press him back I might send him re-enforcements, which would enable him to defeat the Federal force. His distance is too great to make it expedient to send a detachment from this point to join him.

Brigadier-General Stuart's scouts reported that on the 24th two brigades marched from the valley toward Alexandria. A man calling himself a Canadian (Hughes) arrived this morning from Alexandria, he says. He reports that who brigades came into Washington from Harper's Ferry on Monday. He also reports the railroad in operation to Bull Run and completely lined with encampments. McClellan's headquarters, he says, are at Fairfax Court-House, or between that point and Centreville.

I send Hughes to Richmond that he may be questioned. He professes to have come from Canada to enter our service.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, VA., March 26, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding, Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that the following arms have been furnished by the State of Virginia, for the purpose of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

