
As you say, we must, under Divine blessing, rely upon the bayonet when fire-arms cannot be furnished. Let me have a substitute, so to make the arm 6 or more inches longer than the musket with bayonet on, so that when we teach our troops to rely upon the bayonet they may feel that they have the superiority of arm resulting from its length. I would not mix the fire-arm and substitute arm in the same company. Colonel Dimmock has forwarded the arms with commendable promptness; they are expected here to-day. Say to the Governor that I will take special care of the State arms. I will see what can be done in they way of purchasing arms, but I do not expect much success.

Colonel Burks reported to me that a box containing a shot-gun and rifle had been found; as it was not near any house, but in a position favorable to burying the box, he supposes that such was the intention. The arms have been secured.

Your most obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 9, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General Lee for his information, with the hope that pikes (say 1,000) may be furnished to General Jackson. I learned in Staunton on Monday night that General Jackson has about. 4,000 militia, and they were yet going in. I hope this may be so.

Very respectfully,

S. BASSETT FRENCH.

ENGINEER BUREAU, Richmond, April 1, 1862.

Major General G. W. SMITH,

Commanding Forces, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have written a letter to Lieutenant C. R. Howard, of the Provisional Engineer Corps, directing him to report to you with delay. Lieutenant Howard has been on duty on the Lower Rappahanock for several months past, and is consequently thoroughly familiar with the country. He is also cognizant of several recent reports made to this bureau, and of positions selected in consequence for defense of the river. The first and most important of these is Mount Taliaferro; the second a position a half mile above Rappahannock, where the river is shallow and obstructed, thus protecting a considerable and fertile portion of the valley. As strategic considerations must decide the selection of the principal point for defense, I am glad the decision rests not only with the general. but an engineer.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near Mount Jackson, April 3, 1862-10 p. m.

Major General JAMES LONGSTREET:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10 a. m. this day has been received.*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

