
from the latest information received, distributed along the valley turnpike for a distance of 14 miles, commencing 6 miles below Mount Jackson.

Shields has left Winchester and come forward. From a man who was in Woodstock yesterday I learn that Banks has his headquarters there. As Shield's brigade is composed principally of Western troops, who are familiar with the use of arms, and embraces troops that have met with success in Northwestern Virginia, we must calculate on hard fighting to rout Banks if attacked only in front, and may meet with obstinate resistance,e however the attack may be made; and as my infantry force, exclusive of militia recently arrived, does not much exceed 4,000, I would suggest that if you send me a force for the purpose of attacking, it should not, if practicable, be lees than 17,000 and twelve pieces of artillery. With such a force as this my opinion is that I could so threaded the enemy's rear as to induce him to fall back and thus enable me to attack him whilst retreating, instead of in his present position. But if the number asked for is not available any that you may send will, under Providence, have my best efforts expended upon it, and no stone shall be left interned to give us success. If Banks is defeated it may greatly retard McClellan's movements.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

If you can spare any cavalry it will be very acceptable. Yesterday 400 Vermont cavalry came through Winchester.

List of distances.

From Mount Jackson to New Market, 7 miles.

From Mount Jackson to South Fork of the Shenandoah, 21 miles.

From Mount jackson to Swift Run Gap 32 miles.

From Mount Jackson to Madison Court-House, 51 miles.

From Mount Jackson to Orange Court-House, 66 miles.

If you send the re-enforcements it is important that they arrive in good condition, and hence that the march be not a forced one.

T. J. JACKSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 98. Rapidan, April 6, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Taliaferro is assigned to the Valley District, and will report for duty to Major General T. J. Jackson, commanding.

* * * *

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 9, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief Ordnance Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: General Jackson has with him some 1,000 or 2,000 men without arms, and has requested that pikes be sent him. I have the

