
honor to request that, if practicable, you will cause, say, 1,000 pikes to be forwarded to him via Staunton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

NEAR MOUNT JACKSON, April 10, 1862- 4. 5 p. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

DEAR GENERAL: All is quiet in front. Banks's forces are near 6 miles from Mount Jackson. we are separated by a creek (Stone Creek). Both command shave strong defensive positions.

Banks' command is probably 22,000 strong. if he advances I expect to fall back. What instructions did General Johnston give you in the event of my falling back?

I am so much cut off from the world that I hope you will not forget to give me such news as you may have.

if my couriers are not properly arranged east of the Blue Ridge please let me know what changes should be made.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

NEAR MOUNT JACKSON, April 12, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of yesterday* has been received.

Should I fall back in consequence of the enemy's advancing I will let know immediately, when, according to the present arrangement, General Johnston expects you to fall behind the Rapidan and from that point re-enforce me, if necessary. Your route will be from Rapidan to Swift Run Gap via Madison Court-House. Please the road from Raidan to Madison Court-House. I have had it done this side, and its character is rather rough, though graded. You can get over it without repairing it, but I would suggest that you send in advance a small pioneer party. It is important that you be in a condition to fall back promptly, as we should join our forces before the enemy reach the top of the Blue Ridge. Swift Run Gap is 19 miles from Madison Court-House and 38 miles from the enemy. The route you speak of would be shorter, but you will have time to join me by the route which General Johnston desires you to pursue, and we will be certain not to miss each other. If you come to Madison Court-House I will keep you continually advised of my movements, and will, if you so desire, send an officer to meet you at madison Court-House and report upon the roads this side.

A deserter, who came in this morning, reports that there are 34 regiments in front of me, say between here and Strasburg. He puts all of Banks' force at near 39,000, omitting Gerary's viz: Shield's, 9,000; Williams', 10,000; and Banks' additional command 20,000. The cavalry is nearly 4 regiments. Artillery, he believes, about sixty pieces.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

