
My own opinion is that the infantry force in my front is not over 25,000, and probably not over 22,000. I am well satisfied from reliably information from other quarters that the deserter's estimate is too large.

Very truly, yours,

T. H. JACKSON.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near New Market, April 12, 1862-9.15 p. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The enemy have advanced in force to Mount Jackson. I am falling back via Harringsburg to Swift Run Gap. Please move early to-morrow morning to Swift Run Gap. I will send Lieutenant Meade to guide you; he will proceed via the Gap in the direction of the Rapidan. I hope that you will not make a forced marched, as it desirable that your command should come up in the best position condition.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Received between 7.30 and 8.30 on the 18th April, 1862.

G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 6. Richmond, Va., April 12, 1862.

The Departments of Norfolk and the Peninsula are embraced for the present within the limits of the operations of the Army of Northern Virginia. General J. e. Johnston will direct the military and naval operations in these departments. The commanders of the departments and navy-yards, while conforming to his instructions, will make their reports and requisitions, as heretofore, to the proper departments in Richmond until further orders.

By order of the President:

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, April 13, 1862.

General THOMAS J. JACKSON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of yesterday, if written entirely on the grounds given by me, is a little different from my instructions. General Johnston said I was to cross the Rapidan and join you by the road behind the Rapidan via Swift Run Gap. He told me to have the road from Madison court-House to Swift Run Gap examined into or inquired into-more in speaking of the line of couriers than anything else. It was more a suggestion of my own that he might intend it to be my march. Were i to cross the Rapidan, the return back to Madison

