HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA DISTRICT,Near Mount Jackson, April 15, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your two dispatches of yesterday* have been received. I send you a map of some of the roads between our districts.* Have you a good road from Madison Court-House to Stanardsville which is not laid down in this map? If this map is incorrect on your side of the Blue Ridge, please let me know in what respect.

I was apprehensive from your letter of the 13th that you might fall back before it would be necessary on my account. I send the letter herewith. The underscored part on the first page is what I refer to.

My couriers pass through Fisher's Gap. I have sent an officer (Lieutenant Boswell) to examine the road from Stanardsville via Swift Run Gap. The map I send herewith will prevent us making any mistakes respecting gaps and towns. Should I fall back and need your assistance, I will, as you requested,send written instructions and also an officer to you.

Your question respecting the ordnance train I cannot answer, but would suggest that if you come to my assistance that you send your surplus of everything to a sage position behind the Rapidan. I understand unofficially that there is a large force in front of General Edward Johnson, and there is some apprehension that an attempt will be made to turn him via Clover Dale, which is on the turnpike leading from Harrisonburg to the Warm Springs, in Bath County, though it is said that the roads in that region may prevent such a move.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, April 15, 1862-8 a. m.

General R. S. EWELL:

DEAR SIR: I have reliable information from Washington. Henry S. turner, of Saint Louis, left Washington yesterday morning; reached my house last night; says that General Hitchcock told him that McClellan had 120,000 men on the Peninsula; had sent for re-enforcements, and that there were 16,000 to embark from Alexandria to-day to him, that he had sent to Washington a dispatch for siege guns; that they were most a anxious in Washington for the result, as they seemed to think that everything depended on it. you and General Lee both know the parties well from whom this information comes,and I trust it may be of some service to you.

I am watched by the enemy, or would have been the bearer of this myself.

Geary, with his command, about 1,700, has left The Plans and gone to Rectortown; Blenker over to the valley, and I don't hear of any in Warrenton.

Yours, truly,

ROBT. BEVERLEY.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

54 R R-VOL XII, PT III

