
I am thoroughly convinced that bushwhacking about Sutton, Bull town, &amp;c., will not cease until Lewisburg and Greenbrier are cleaned out, for they support these men by donation. By roads taken by these men, Bulltown, Sutton, and this place are nearly equidistant from Lewisburg.

So long as Federal troops remain here these people will not raise a hand to defend themselves, but rather seem to consider when they lose property or life that we are responsible for it; but when we all leave here they will have to depend on themselves for defense and in fact, they could very soon put down these bushwhackers if they would try even now, since they can take them at their own game.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

April 17, 1862 - 6.25 p. m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff McDowell's Headquarters, Catlett's Station:

I want McCall's division at Catlett's as soon as supplies will permit. If there is subsistence and forage let all of the division march forward to-morrow, leaving only guards at Manassas and Bristoe.

I want another brigade of King's division and two batteries to march to-morrow to Fredericksburg, following up Augur.

Give the necessary orders. Send word out to Augur to-night to send a squadron of his cavalry to the Aquia Creek Landing, the terminus of the railroad, as soon as he can to-morrow.

Acknowledge receipt, and have operator repeat back this message.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Catlett's Station, Va., April 17, 1862.

Brigadier General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: Major-General McDowell directs that you send a squadron of your cavalry to the Aquia Creek Landing, the terminus of the railroad, as soon as you can to-morrow.

Another brigade of King's division and two batteries of artillery will march to-morrow to Fredericksburg.

The company of cavalry which serves as an escort for the bearer of this order will return as soon as the duty is performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WHEELING, April 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The forces under General Schenck moving from Cumberland and those under General Milroy have succeeded in opening communication

