HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, April 15, 1862 .

Brigadier General C. W. FIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.

GENERAL; Your two telegrams of this morning to General S. Cooper, reporting the landing of the enemy at Rappahannock, have been referred to General Lee, who directs me to say that he thinks it will prove to be but a predatory party, and that it will soon retire. In that event he wishes you to direct Lieutenant C. R. Howard, of the Engineers, who weasand to report to General Smith for the duty, to obstruct the Rappahannock River at the shoals at Holmes' Hole, just above Rappahannock. By collecting a party for labor from the negroes citizens or troops, as circumstances may dictate, it can soon be accomplished, and with the channel obstructed and by the assistance of a light battery on the banks future excursions by the enemy of this character may be stopped or checked.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near Mount Jackson, April 16, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: On Saturday last the enemy from the vicinity of Warrenton reached the Shenandoah. Said he was going to Banks via Winchester.

Last evening I received a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Munford of the cavalry, stating that the Federals, under Abercrombie across the Shenandoah at Berry's Ferry, and were moving to Banks. He reports eighteen pieces of artillery and one regiment of New York cavalry.

It appears to me that Banks must soon advance, but it will probably not be across the Blue Ridge, but toward Staunton.

Do you know where General Johnston's headquarters are?

Please forward the accompanying letter to him in haste.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

RAPPAHANNOCK, April 16, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

DEAR GENERAL: I sent a letter to-day to the Adjutant-General stating that Blenker had crossed the Blue Ridge, apparently to join Banks; Geary near Rectortown, on the Manassas railroad; that from my best information the force in front extending from near the Junction to Catlett's Station, numbers from 6,000 to 10,000 and that I could drive these away, probably, if it was intended that my force should attack. I wrote hurriedly and did not think until afterward that the letter should go through you, but I telegraphed to you to that effect.

