
you find the enemy marching in too strong force for you to resist upon that place, you must retire toward Waynesborough and endeavor to hold the passage through the Blue Ridge Mountains. In view of these contingencies it is advisable that you send all your heavy baggage and surplus stores at once to Charlottesville, keeping your force light and movable, so that if the necessity to retire should arise you could do so without incumbrance and preserve a firm fact to the enemy. You might keep a small active force at your present position as long as you deem prudent, in order to make the movement of your army from the enemy in your front.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Big Spring, Rockingham County, April 18, 1862-6.15 a. m.

(Received April 19, 8 a. m.)

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: This morning I will continue to fall back to Harrisonburg.

Rosecrans, I am of the opinion, is in command. It is said that Banks has been assigned to duty elsewhere.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 18, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday* did not reach me until this evening.

Not knowing the circumstances of your position as well as yourself, I can only suggest that you will have to follow your own judgment respecting the force you leave behind. I would suggest that you bring five days' rations.

Much obliged for the paper. I am on my way to Swift Run Gap and about 6 miles from Harrisonburg.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Harrisonburg, April 18, 1862. (Received April 19, 3 a. m.)

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

GENERAL: This note will be handed to you by Lieutenant J. K. Boswell, who is directed to guide you to Fisher's Gap via Madison Court-House. I expect to join you near the Gap.

Please let your command rest on Sunday, but resume the march early on Monday morning.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

