
CONRAD'S STORE,

Near Swift Run Gap, April 20, 1862-9.45 a. m.

(Received April 21, 7.44 a. m.)

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday has been received. When on your way here you reach the turnpike from Gordonsville to Madison Court-House, please halt your command and make it as comfortable as you can, still being ready to move at once in case of necessity.

Brigadier General Edward Johnson was with me last night.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

CONRAD'S STORE,

Near Swift Run Gap, April 20, 1862-2.20 p. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: Since writing my dispatch this morning I have received another from you. The position I wish you to encamp at to-morrow evening (Monday) is at the intersection of the road from Orange Court-House to Stanardsville with the road from Gordonsville to Madison Court-House. This will place you within two days' march of either Swift Run Gap or Fisher's Gap. You had better have five days' rations with you. At last accounts the enemy had not entered Harrisonburg. The move on Fredericksburg was probably designed to prevent re-enforcements being sent to me.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,April 20, 1862-8 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General;

SIR: Under orders from General T. J. Jackson, of which I inclose a copy, I placed my division in march yesterday for the Rapidan. I had previously started for Madison Court-House under former orders from the same officer.

The head of my column will reach Gordonsville to-day, where there is a fine road to Stanardsville. ON of my brigades will probably take the road from Orange Court-House to Stanardsville. I shall continue my march toward Jackson until further orders, leaving a cavalry picket on the Rappahannock and a regiment of infantry on the Rapidan.

It is as well to remark that the route via Orange Court-House is the only practicable one for me to Stanardsville. The weather and roads will prevent my going farther than Gordonsville and Orange Court-House to-day.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

