
with each other via Franklin. Detachment from both divisions have visited that place. Franklin is rebellious, but the flag was cheered at points along the road. General Schenck telegraphs that the river is not yet fordable at Moorefield, and that he has absolute need of a pontoon bridge with his command.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 17, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

Your two telegrams received. Why Trimble's regiment is ordered to Nashville I do not know, but will inquire of Governor Tod. Campbell's regiment was ordered there by this Department. there is no pontoon train at the disposal of the Department at this moment, General McClellan having all; but if one can be had speedily I will procure and send it to General Schenck. We have no important news to-day from the South.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Blenker, by order, left all the tents at Hunter's Chapel, and applied for shelter-tents. For thirty-eight days his troops have had neither. Please order that all his guards and camp and garrison equipage at Hunter's Chapel and elsewhere in Department of the Rappahannock be sent without delay, via Alexandria, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to Green Springs, 16 miles east of Cumberland, whence they will proceed by Romney. If possible give the shelter-tenths. They vastly economize horses and expedite movements.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

Winchester:

I am informed that the portion of Blenker's division that had been left here have marched to Harper's Ferry. Last night I had a report from Blenker, delivered by an officer who left them two days ago. Neither of them said a word about the destitution you speak of. If they are in that condition, it shows the greater necessity there was for you to have followed your instructions and by going to them four out their true condition. You will please ascertain and report whether any have arrived at Harper's Ferry.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

