
Madison Court-House with that from Orange Court-House to Stanardsville, distant 7 miles from Gordonsville. I do not design moving him from his present position unless there should be great necessity for doing so until I hear further from you, and I will make my arrangements so as not to be disappointed should he be ordered to Fredericksburg.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

CONRAD'S STORE, April 23, 1862-6.30 p. m.

(Received April 24, 3. a. m.)

Major Geneal R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch* 12 m. to-day has been received. Your present position will enable us to form a junction,should it be necessary, either at Fisher's Gap or Swift Run Gap, and I hope without much delay to move off on the cars, should it be necessary, and I agree with you that it would be advisable to have an eye to moving by rail as well as forming a junction of our forces to meet Banks.

Rosecrans is in command of Shields' division. The enemy does not appear to have made any important changes since yesterday. Part of his cavalry was about 7 miles from here to-day.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

[APRIL 23, 1862.-For Lee to Joseph E. Johnston, in reference to affairs at Fredericksburg, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p. 458.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 23, 1862.

Brigadier General EDWARD JOHNSON,

Commanding, &c., Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: My attention has been directed to the recent capture by the enemy of certain persons endeavoring to make their way to the enemy's country having in their possession a large number of letters directed to persons in various parts of the United States. The letters were detained and the bearers released. Other cases of the same kind have occurred, and there is reason to believe that the enemy obtains information of what transpires within our lines by means of correspondence conducted in this way. I have therefore to request that you will cause every precaution to be taken to prevent such correspondence, by directing all persons attempting to pass your lines to be examined and letters found in their possession to be scrutinized by your officers. Objectionable letters and the bearers of them will be detained. I shall apply to the Governor to direct the proper civil officers along the border to give their attention to this subject, and you will please cause all necessary assistance that it may be in your power to give to be rendered to such officers by the troops under your command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

