
field batteries, under Brigadier General J. R. Anderson, have reached Fredericksburg; 3,000 more are on the way, but have not reached this city. I have written to General Jackson on this subject. Please forward the letter without delay, and gain all information of the position and movements of the enemy near you that you can.

Your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 25, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: You will proceed with your brigade to the vicinity of Fredericksburg, where Brigadier General C. W. Field now is with the troops which have preceded you, and assume command of the operations of our army in that quarter, being the senior general officer. If it be impossible to drive the enemy from his present position, I desire you to lose no effort to keep him confined to the smallest possible margin. Particularly is your attention called to the importance of preventing the navigation of the Rappahannock by the enemy's boats so as to forbid their using the river as an avenue of supply. Instructions were given some time since to obstruct the river at Holmes' Hole, a little above Tappahannock. This, however, was reported by General Field to be impracticable, and you are desired to confer with him as to the best place and mode of effecting the obstruction. The means of land transportation at your command will be limited, and your attention is called to the importance of reducing the baggage of the troops to the smallest cooking utensils and tents and that of the officers to the regulation allowance. For all the information concerning the movements, strength, and probable intentions of the enemy, and also of the means at our command for opposing him in his advance from Fredericksburg, you are referred to General Field, who will also afford you valuable assistance in becoming acquainted with the topographical features of the country in which you are to operate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

SOMERSET, ORANGE, COUNTY,

April 26, 1862-10 p. m.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I received your letter of the 25th at 7 p. m. this afternoon simultaneously with one from General Jackson directing me to move at dawn to Stanardsville to-morrow morning. Ashby writes that he is "falling back before a superior force of the enemy (infantry and cavalry)." The enemy, when he wrote, had advanced within about 7 miles of my position.

This extract gives all the information contained in General Jackson's letter. I have the honor to state that I don't clearly understand your letter of the 25th, marked "Confidential," and I extract from it the part referred to:

