
position. Please move forward to Stanardsville at dawn to-morrow morning, unless you hear from me to the contrary before that time.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

SWIFT RUN GAP, April 26, 1862-8.40 p. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Potomac District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I wrote to you this afternoon, requesting you to move forward for Stanardsville at dawn to-morrow morning. I write a second time, lest you should not have received the first dispatch.

What time do you suppose you will reach Stanardsville? If you can encamp this side of the town it would be preferable, provided your troops would not be overmatched thereby. It is important that your command should come up in good condition.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 27, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL, Somerset County:

GENERAL: I have just received, by the hands of Lieutenants Alexander, your letter of the 26th instant. It was my object in my letter of the 25th to explain briefly the position of the enemy north of the Rappahannock and to suggest the practicability of a combination of your army with General Jackson's to strike at General Banks, or should that with the available part of it for other operations you should unite yourself with the force under Generals Anderson and Field, and drive back the enemy attempting the occupation of Fredericksburg. My views were more fully set forth in my communication to General Jackson, and my desire was that you should possess yourself of the necessary information for any movement that might be determined on.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 27, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: From the reports which have reached him General Lee is led to believe that nearly all of the Federal Army has retired from your front, and indeed from Western Virginia. He directs me to request you to make an early report of the state of affairs in your department, giving, as nearly as you can, the force and position of the enemy opposed to you, your own strength, and your views as to whether it would not be expedient and more desirable to move a part or the whole of your army toward Staunton, for the purpose of re-enforcing the army operating in the valley. Of course it would not do to leave the Virginia Central and Virginia and Tennessee Railroads entirely unprotected,

