
but if the enemy is as weak and quiet in the Kanawha as he is represented, a sufficient guard could be detailed from your command to protect the roads, and still leave a force which would materially strengthen the Army of the Valley, and with other re-enforcements enable it perhaps to act on the offensive. On the 16th instant instructions were sent to Colonel W. E. Peters, Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment, to collect his regiment and repair to Knoxville for duty under General Kirby Smith. This was done under the impression that the Forty-fifth Regiment constituted a part of the Floyd Brigade, all of which it was understood had been furloughed. By a letter received from Colonel Peters this morning it is ascertained that he is on duty with his regiment under your command, and he has been instructed to continue in the position assigned him by you until further orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SWIFT RUN GAP, April 27, 1862-7.20 a. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7 p. m.* yesterday and the other two letters have been received. No additional news, except that the enemy has withdrawn the greater part of his forces from the Columbia Bridge.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

SWIFT RUN GAP, April 27, 1862-1.40 p. m.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

DEAR GENERAL: It would be better for you not to advance any farther than you can in good marching order, and I am of the opinion that you had better encamp in the vicinity of Stanardsville to-night, and to-morrow make an early start and get as near the Gap as you can consistent with comfort.

Please let me know whether you can bring with you any forage. I have great difficulty in procuring it here. What do you know about Federal forces being in the vicinity of Warrenton?

I desire all the information that can be had on this point.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

(Indorsed:) Received 3 p. m. April 27, 1862.

SWIFT RUN GAP, April 28, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I should have answered your letter of 23rd instant before this had I possessed the requisite information. I have reason to believe that Banks has near 21,000 men within a day's march of me. he

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

