
has moved his main body from New Market to Harrisonburg, leaving probably a brigade at New Market and between the town and the Shenandoah to guard against a force getting in his rear. I am a strong advocate of concentrating our forces on the enemy in his exposed positions. I have made arrangements for ascertaining whether there is still a force in the vicinity of Warrenton. Day before yesterday the enemy drove in my picket, and being apprehensive that Banks would advance on me, I requested General Ewell to move forward in the direction of Swift Run Gap, in the vicinity of which he now is. It may be that in a few days I will be able to attack some exposed point.

If you could send me 5,000 more troops by railroad to Charlottesville I would join that re-enforcement at Port Republic, and move directly from that point on Banks if the does not receive re-enforcements. On yesterday week there were near 7,000 men in the neighborhood of Winchester, under Blenker; as yet I have not heard of their having joined Banks. Whilst I propose to attack Banks in front if you will send me 5,000 more men, yet the more you can send the better, as it would not only increase the prospect of success in battle, but would also increase the prospect of reaping the fruit of victory. As Charlottesville is connected by railroad with Fredericksburg, could you not send me troops from Fredericksburg? Now, it appears to me, is the golden opportunity for striking a blow. Until I hear from you I will watch an opportunity for attacking some exposed point.

If Banks would advance on me here, I have, with General Ewell, ample force for driving him back; but it does not appear to me that Banks designs pursuing me farther in their direction.

Should it become necessary, General Ewell and myself can move on Warrenton either via Sperryville or by Orange Court-House.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 28, 1862.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: In addition to the troops moving to the vicinity of Fredericksburg, of which your department has already received notice (viz, one brigade from North Carolina and one from South Carolina), General Holmes has been directed to forward a brigade from his command to this city, which is to proceed also and join the army near Fredericksburg. It will be necessary to provide supplies, if there is not already a sufficiency in that quarter, for, say, 12,000 or 15,000 men, in addition to the force heretofore under General Field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

SWIFT RUN GAP, April 28, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Please leave your command in some comfortable position near where you may be when this reaches you and come on in person, as I am anxious to see you as soon as practicable.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

