
effect what your ordered. The cipher used was the military one of last summer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 18, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

Please inform me immediately whether the officer you dispatched after Blenker's division has place did under your command, and also whether there has been any conference or understanding between yourself and General Banks respecting combined movements.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 18, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling, Va.:

Upon the representations of General Rosecrans Blenker's division was ordered to be paid off immediately. I wish you would get it under your command, for I cannot understand the delay of its advance. Your understanding with General Banks is well, and I hope for some speedy and useful result from your combined action. Nothing of importance from Yorktown. There have been some sharp engagements, resulting successfully on our side, but with some loss of life.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WHEELING, April 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The officer sent by me to conduct Blenker's division to Moorefield was recalled from Cumberland upon receipt of your dispatch advising that General Rosecrans had been detailed by you for that purpose. General Rosecrans reports the division to-day this side of the Shenandoah, except rear guard and train, 609, with baggage of the division, are at New Creek, 28 miles west of Cumberland, on the railroad. The understanding between General Banks and myself thus far extends to keeping each other informed of movements and results. Upon arrival of Blenker's division it is my purpose to communicate my plans to General Banks, in order to operate in combination with him, so as best to insure mutual support and success. I this moment received General Banks' telegram, informing me of the successes at Edenburg. Without General Blenker's division to support I have considered it inexpedient to advance my lines farther. General Rosecrans informs me that two or three days will be required to pay and clothe the division. Cannot time be saved by having them paid at Moorefield? Please answer. The delays of the division are extraordinary.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

