
The cavalry on picket at and around Culpeper and on the line of the Rappahannock will be under your orders.

Colonel Munford's cavalry is near Madison Court-House, ordered to this point. Captain Watts reports himself driven from Culpeper Court-House, but reoccupying the position. He ought to be supported by infantry from Colonel Lane's regiment.

At this time you can consider yourself secure from the direction of Madison Court-House. That from Culpeper Court-House is most important.

You had better visit the Rapidan, and if you deem it advisable to send a regiment at once it could go by rail.

Yours,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

P. S.-I think, since commencing this letter, you had better send an additional regiment to Colonel Lane. Should we want them here, they can come by rail to Gordonsville and thence march to Stanardsville.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 15. Richmond, May 7, 1862.

The regiments comprising the brigade of General William Mahone, now en route from the Department of Norfolk to Richmond, will move as soon after their arrival in this city as transportation can be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department to Gordonsville, Va., and report for duty to Major-General Ewell.

* * * * * *

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding, Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 5th instant, reporting your presence at Staunton and the movements of the troops en route to that place, has been received. I have not seen Captain Imboden. If I can find him I will urge him to join you with such men as he can at once, as you desired. From the retrograde movement of the enemy down the valley, and their apparent intention to leave it, it is presumed that General Banks contemplates a move in the direction of Fredericksburg, for the purpose of forming a junction with the column of General McDowell in front of that city. Should it be ascertained that this is his intention there will be no necessity for retaining the division of General Ewell at Swift Run Gap, and I have already so advised General Ewell by telegraph on the 6th and again by letter to-day, at the same time suggesting to him the practicability of striking Banks a blow while en route to Fredericksburg. With this view it was recommended that he move the bulk of his command to Gordonsville or the line of the Rappahan-

