
extreme watchfulness and caution on your part, which will be necessary to guard against any attempt to cut off your command, either by crossing with a column at Port Royal, while engaging you in front, or otherwise. I must leave it to your judgement to determine when it may become necessary to retire from your present position and place a few more miles between you and the enemy.

Inquiry has been made concerning the Second Georgia Battalion, but no answer has yet been received.

As stated in letter of yesterday, Cobb's cavalry left for Guiney's Station on Wednesday.

The depot commissary states that 45,600 pounds of hard bread had been shipped, in partial fulfillment of your requisition, prior to the 8th instant, when all the supply remaining on hand was used to meet the urgent demands of General Johnston. The additional amount will be forwarded to you at once.

The Surgeon-General has been applied to, and he promises to send all the ambulances at present available to supply the lack in your command. When more troops arrive from Norfolk I shall be able to send you additional re-enforcements.

I have the honor to be, your servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

McDOWELL, May 10, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I desire to follow the enemy as far as practicable to-day. My troops are in advance. Should circumstances justify it, I will try, through God's blessing, to get in Banks' rear; and if I succeed in this I desire you to press him as far as may be consistent with your own safety should he fall back.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

P. S.-Can you replace my cavalry in the valley and let me have my whole mounted force if necessary?
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,May 10, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel A. Smead, Twelfth Georgia Regiment, is appointed inspector-general of the Valley District, and will be respected and obeyed as such.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 11, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Massaponax, Va.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your letter of yesterday's date.* You are correct in your conjectures relative to the force sent

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

