
P. S.-I desire you to remain in the valley as long as Banks does; at least until I return.

T. J. J.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRANCH, Gordonsville, Va.:

GENERAL: You will take command of all troops assigned to this division which may be at Gordonsville or in its vicinity.

By order of General Ewell:

JAS. BARBOUR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cross-Roads, New Kent County, May 13, 1862.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: I have written to Major-General Jackson to return to the valley near you, and if your united force is strong enough to attack General Banks.

Should the latter cross the Blue Bridge to join General McDowell at Fredericksburg, General Jackson and yourself should move eastward rapidly to join either the army near Fredericksburg, commanded by Brigadier General J. R. Anderson, or this one. I must be kept informed of your movements and progress, that your instructions may be modified as circumstances change.

Have the Federal army closely watched, that no portion of it may move without your knowledge. I suppose that this can be done best from the southeast.

Have the Federal army closely watched, that no portion of it may move without your knowledge. I suppose that this can be done best from the southeast.

The troops at or near Gordonsville, including those of Brigadier-General Branch, should be brought up for an attack upon the enemy. Your whole force should, of course, be brought into action if you and General Jackson together are strong enough to fight.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

MAY 13, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday has been received. In following the enemy I only succeeded in capturing a few prisoners and some public property. I am on my return.

My opinion is that Banks has three days' cooked rations, so that he might move rapidly to Winchester in case I advanced on that place, or else he has taken this precaution from an apprehension that you might attempt to turn him at New Market, and that he would have to fight and might have to fall back. My belief is that he is aiming not to form a junction with the Fredericksburg troops, but with Fremont, and if practicable to move on Staunton before Fremont arrives. If he leaves the valley at this time, not only Winchester, but the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad would be exposed, both of which it is important to the enemy to hold. Can not McVicar ascertain whether troops are passing to Fredericksburg Strasburg?

