
WINCHESTER, VA., April 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

After a full consultation with General Banks have concluded to say: Our troops here, east and west, are idle. One brigade added to Fremont's force will do all there if combined with the following: Move rest of Blenker's on Luray, to cut off Jackson's retreat by Thornton's Gap; Banks to move on Harrisonburg; Fremont to follow with forces from west, according to circumstances, to sustain the corps of Banks; he to move by Staunton or Brown's Gap, to sustain move of the Blenker column toward Culpeper or Stanardsville, Madison, or Charlotte or Gordonsville; McDowell moves up and sustains this advance, thus turning the lines of Rappahannock sand Rapidan, with 50,000, to drive them behind the James River, while Fremont, closing in, would threaten to turn that line by Lynchburg.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

Winchester, Va.:

The President will not sanction the plan you propose until it is more fully matured and after full conference and agreement by all who are to participate in it. The Department has no evidence from Fremont, Banks, or McDowell that they have been consulted or will co-operate. When you have obeyed your instructions by placing Blecker's division under General Fremont's orders you will return immediately to Washington and wait orders. You will acknowledge this order immediately upon its receipt.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Yours relating to the suggested plan received. Every step taken by me since I left Washington has been as directly to the prompt delivery of the Blenker division at Moorefield in serviceable condition as if i had thought of nothing else. Knowing the time that must elapse in getting Blenker forward I suggested what occurred to me, not presuming further than to consult Banks and Shields, for whose approval I have my word. Fremont's movements were to be what the plan required. Banks wished it, and McDowell probably would have done so.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, April 18, 1862.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Raleigh Courth-House:

The general commanding the department limits our forward movement for the present to the vicinity of Flat Top Mountain. The reasons

