HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 14, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have received instructions from General Jackson, to follow General Banks down the valley. In pursuance of these orders, I not having other instructions, I have directed-part of the forces at Gordonsville to cross the ridge for Luray.

In paragraph XX, of Special Orders, Numbers 107, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, the First Maryland Regiment is referred to as belonging to General Jackson's command. It is in this division, and there is no order transferring it. Brigadier-General Elzey, now commanding the Fourth Brigade, has but two regiments, and from his experience and qualifications, besides being the senior brigadier, should have a larger command.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 14, 1862.

General L. O'B. BRANCH:

DEAR GENERAL: I send my aide, Captain G. Campbell Brown, who knows the state of things here.

I have just received orders from General Jackson to follow after Banks. I will not go below Thornton's Gap until I hear more definitely of the movements and intentions of our authorities. General Jackson's views may change at any moment, and I won't go too far under present instructions, as I may be wanted elsewhere.

If you can procure transportation I wish, in obedience to the instructions from General Jackson, that the troops at Gordonsville should move into the valley via Madison Court-House and Fisher's or Blue Ridge Turnpike Gap to Luray. I have such contradictory information about the supplies in the section. I have such contradictory information about the supplies in the section (Page and Rappahannock Counties) that I don't think you ought to start with less than five days' rations, supposing you can reach this side of the pass in two days and a half. Flour is generally abundant; salt is not to be had. You will have to send forward a subsistence officer to purchase.

There must be at least two regiments left to protect our present line. If you cannot procure transportation, more must remain. You can remain at your present post or leave General Mahone, as circumstances may, in your opinion, make it most advisable. I cannot say which would not take away troops that are not armed, as they would be in the way.

We transport here (two days' rations carried by the men) only necessary cooking utensils in bags (not chests), axes, picks, spades, and tent-flies, and the lawful amount of officers' baggage and subsistence stores (80 to 100 pounds), horseshoes, &amp;c. The road to glory cannot be followed with much baggage. Your command might be advised that if overloaded with articles not indispensably necessary their progress in the march will be impossible, and only those troops whose light condition makes it practicable will be carried on.

I send my aide because, it being impossible to write or foresee every point that arises, you can learn the condition of matters here and use

