
Luray. You will take possession of what transportation is to be had at the post. You cannot bring tents; tent-flies without poles, or tents cut down to that size, and only as few as are indispensable. No messchests, trunks, &amp;c. It is better to leave these things where you are than throw them away after starting. We can get along without anything but food and ammunition.
I would be glad if as many as possible of the forces from your post could be brought, even if you leave but one regiment. This is in consequence of orders received last night.

The order sending General Mahone's brigade to Gordonsville directed him to report to me. If he has arrived there I have heard nothing from him. Please direct him to report in accordance with the order.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

HARRISONBURG, May 15, 1862.

Major JAMES BARBOUR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Colonel Ashby directs me to say to you that he considers it perfectly safe for Major-General Ewell to send his train down the turnpike. Colonel Ashby will camp about New Market to-night, and will remain there until the portion of his command acting with General Jackson's army rejoins him. He expects them to-morrow.

By order of Colonel Ashby:

JAS. EDWARD MARSHALL,

Lieutenant and Adjutant, Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 16, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant is received. General Ewell has no doubt informed you that on the 14th the brigades of Generals Shields and Kimball, about 7,000 strong, with thirty-six pieces of artillery and two companies of cavalry, were reported as marching on Front Royal from New Market. Banks has fallen back on Strasburg, and the Manassas Gap Railroad is in running order from the latter point to Alexandria. Banks may intend to move his army to the Manassas Junction and march thence to Fredericksburg, or he may design going to Alexandria and proceeding thence by water either to Fredericksburg or, as I think more probable, to the Peninsula to re-enforce McClellan, who is calling for re-enforcements, as I learn. Whatever may be Banks' intention, it is very desirable to prevent him from going either to Fredericksburg or the Peninsula, and also to destroy the Manassas road. A successful blow struck at him would delay, if it does not prevent, his moving to either place, and might also lead to the recall of the re-enforcements sent to Fremont from Winchester, as reported by you. General Ewell telegraphed yesterday that, in pursuance of instructions from you, he was moving down the valley, and had ordered part of the troops at Gordonsville to cross the ridge by way of Madison Court-House and Fisher's Gap. The troops sent to Gordonsville were ordered to report to General Ewell, and can be employed in making the movement

