
here all the troops who do not keep away from McClellan' greatly superior forces.

General Branch is ordered to Hanover Court-House.

Most respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

After reading this send it to General Jackson, for whom it is intended as well as for yourself.

J. E. J.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General EWELL:

Suspend the exaction of the order for returning to the east until I receive an answer to my telegram.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,

Numbers 47. Mount Solon, May 17, 1862.

Brigadier General George H. Steuart, having reported for duty, will, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 117, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, May 9, 1862, proceed to organize the Maryland Line, and for this purpose the First Maryland Regiment is detached from its present brigade organization and placed under his command. I would strongly urge every patriotic Marylander who has cast his destiny with the Southern Confederacy to come promptly forward and join this organization, headed by one of Maryland's gifted sons, and to do what he can to make the Maryland Line invincible against that tyranny which continues to trample in the dust the rights of his native State.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Mount Solon, May 18, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Third Division, Army of the Peninsula;

GENERAL: Your letter of this date, in which you state that you have received letters from Generals Lee, Johnston, and myself requiring somewhat different movements, and desiring my views respecting your position, has been received. In reply I would state that as you are in the Valley District you constitute part of my command. Should you receive orders different from those sent from these headquarters, please advise me of the same at as early a period as practicable.

You will please move your command so as to encamp between New Market and Mound Jackson on next Wednesday night, unless you receive orders from a superior officer and of a date subsequent to the 16th instant.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

57 R R-VOL XII, PT III

