
NEAR HARRISONBURG, May 19, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: I wish you would encamp beyond Mount Jackson on Wednesday. As far as practicable encamp beyond New Market tomorrow, as my leading brigade is within a day's march of New Market.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

P. S.-Please acknowledge the receipt of this.

CAMP NEAR NEW MARKET, VA.,

May 20, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

I am of opinion that an attempt should be made to defeat Banks, but under instructions just received from General Johnston I do not feel at liberty to make an attack. Please answer by telegraph at once.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

MADISON COURT-HOUSE, May 20, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: After I had proceeded 3 miles on my march to New Market this morning I was overtaken by a courier bearing orders from General Johnston for me to proceed with my command to Hanover Court-House. I have reached this place on my return and will encamp about 5 miles from here to-night, will reach Gordonsville by noon to-morrow, and proceed immediately to Hanover Court-House. My quartermaster has gone forward to-night to Gordonsville to organize the railroad transportation. Unless General Mahon shall have assumed command of his brigade or I shall receive other orders from you I will carry with me the Second North Carolina Regiment, leaving the Sixteenth Virginia at Rapidan. I will not feel at liberty to abandon that position entirely without express order. Hoping that I will soon have the opportunity to report to you in person, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. O'B. BRANCH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,

Numbers 51. May 22, 1862.

For the purpose of taking care of the wounded during an action there will be two men detailed from each company, who will report for duty to their senior regimental medical officer, and will wear a red badge around their caps. Those thus detailed will not carry arms during an engagement.

As all the assistance the medical director desires is thus given for taking care of the wounded, no other person will leave ranks for that or any other purpose during battle. Immediately after every engagement the rolls of companies will be called.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

