HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 24, 1862.

General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Southwestern Virginia Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 21st has been received. General Lee directs me to say to you that he regrets the impossibility of sending you the re-enforcements you require. Under the conscript act new regiments cannot be raised until all the old regiments are filled to the maximum, and the withdrawal of five regiments from the positions now occupied cannot be expected without great risk. The general thinks the most speedy way of increasing your present force will be to raise partisan rangers, authorized to be raised under the recent act of Congress. If you can raise a ranger force, under such competent officers as you may select and nominate, they will be commissioned by the President, and every exertion shall be made to army the rangers as fast as they are raised. I herewith inclose you a copy of the law for organizing partisan rangers.

A light battery can be sent to you. Captain Stamps' light battery will be ordered to report to you. As soon as you make your selection of officers to raise partisan rangers send in their names to the President for promotion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

MIDDLETOWN, May 24, 1862-4.30 o'clock.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding requests that you will forward General Elzey to us at this place, and by the route we marched as rapidly as possible, and that you will not advance any nearer Winchester with the remainder of your command till further orders. There seems to be still a considerable body of the enemy advancing on us from Strasburg.

Respectfully,

R. L. DABNEY.

ON THE ROAD TO NEWTON,

May 24, 1862-5.45 p. m.

Major-General EWELL:

Major-General Jackson requests that you will at once move with all your force on Winchester.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this by return of courier and the hour of your movement.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. L. DABNEY.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,May 24, 1862.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: Major-General Jackson requests that you will direct Gen-

