
for this are connected with a general plan of the campaign, which, I am informed, will be sent me shortly. You will therefore make it your object to get strong positions, which may be held as advanced posts. If Princeton is such a position it can be held, but it does not seem to be the general's desire to have this column advance to the railroad at once. We shall know more in a very few days. Act at present on the hypothesis that the plan os to keep your force as the extreme right wing in a strong position, not easily turned, and on which the rest of the command in the department will pivot.

Your directions to Lieutenant-Colonel Toland are approved. The maps are received, and I am much obliged for them. I hope you will send copies to General Fremont, as you suggested. If you can so arrange that the captured rifles may be put in the hands of thoroughly reliable men, who will organize in some form by which we can keep track of them, I would be glad to have it done. If any bushwhacking occurs order the troops to give no quarter to such criminals, but destroy them as outlaws.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

FAILEGH, April 18, 1862.

(Received April 19, 1862.)

General COX,

Brigadier-General:

Floyd is reported with large force if militia and one regiment regular infantry and small force of cavalry on east shore New River, between Greenbrier and mouth of Indian Creek; a smaller force also near mouth of Blue Stone. Can I not act if opportunity serves? I send scouts to the points in question to-morrow morning.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,April 18, 1862.

Brigadier General ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Camp Lee:

You are directed to proceed with your forces to Franklin, sending at the same time detachments to Seneca Creek and the North Fork of the South Branch of the Potomac by every practicable road, in order to break up and destroy the guerilla organization said to exist in that vicinity. General Milroy will be directed to co-operate with you form Monterrey. It is expected that the movement can be so timed as to enable you to commence your arrests on Wednesday next.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. Harris, commanding at Weston, is now engaged in Webster County, and will probably not be able to co-operate actively with you. He will, however, be informed of the movement, and will, if possible, cut off the retreat of the guerrillas through Randolph County by Tygart's Valley River. All adult males found at the houses of Sylvanus Harper, of Bennett, of Hedwick, of Ferris, and the Arbigasses should be arrested, and every effort made to kill or capture all who belong to those bands in that vicinity. Answer.

J. C. FREMONT.

