HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Dept. Southwestern Virginia, Bonsack's or Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 25th, I am instructed by General Lee to say that he can only repeat what he has already telegraphed you, viz, that it is impossible at this time to send you any re-enforcements, but that additional troops will be sent as soon as they are available. The only army from which any could be drawn is that around Richmond, under General Johnston, which at this time needs the services of every man to be enabled successfully to resist the powerful army under McClellan. The general begs that you will make the best use possible of the means at your disposal and relies much on your energy and skill. He was assured by persons from Western Virginia of intelligence, and who had good opportunities of judging, that there was a large number of men in that section, and that it only required a proper commander to bring them out. The general hopes you will spare no efforts to bring every man capable of performing military duty into the field, and to secure such private or country arms as can be had for the purpose of arming them. Some arms and ammunition have recently been sent to your department, and if any more are required the general desires that you will make your wants known; and, if possible, he will cause them to be supplied. Captain T. H. Stamps' battery of light artillery has been ordered to Newborn to report to you for duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,May 28, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he wishes your men to carry no baggage but their blankets, and no wagons except ammunition wagons and ambulances.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTOWN, May 29, 1862.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to request you to move your troops at dawn to the same positions they occupied this evening at sunset.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,

No.-. May 30, 1862.

Colonel A. R. Boteler and Major E. F. Paxton are announced as volunteer

