
aides-de-camp to the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,May 31,, 1862.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: Major-General Jackson requests that you move your command forward promptly at daylight to-morrow morning. When you reach Strasburg let the troops take the road leading to Wardensville, the trains continuing on the valley pike in the direction of Woodstock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HY. KYD DOUGLAS,

Acting Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]

As we ought to be in front instead of in rear, it is hoped the within order will be carried out, so as to be in motion by the earliest dawn.

R. S. EWELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 1, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Dept., &amp;c., Salt Sulphur Springs, near Union, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 28th ultimo I am directed by General Lee to say that under all the circumstances it would appear that the dispositions which you have ordered are the best that could be made to meet the present emergency. He hopes that you will be enabled by energy and perseverance to make up for the small means at your command and in a short while to gather a considerable force from the country in which you are operating.

As regards the infantry force from General Edward Johnson's army to which you allude, the general suggests that you correspond with the officer in command in reference to any movement or co-operation which you think advisable and which would not jeopardize the safety of that line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,

Numbers 56. June 4, 1862.

Colonel William L. Jackson is announced as volunteer aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding the Valley District.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

