
within about 2 miles of my advanced brigade or else he must return to New Market. Should my command be required at Richmond I can be at Mechums' River Depot, on the Central Railroad, the second day's march, and part of the command can reach there the first day, as the distance is 25 miles. At present I do not see that I can do much more than rest my command and devote its time to drilling. My advanced brigade is about 7 miles this side of Harrisonburg. If Shields crosses the Blue Ridge shall my entire command, or any part of it, move correspondingly?

While I rejoice at your success, yet I am grieved to hear that you are wounded.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 8, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the Secretary of War. if General Jackson is safe in his position, and cannot undertake offensive operations, which seems to be the case, re-enforcements will be lost upon him. I have written him to report what he can do, to rest and refresh his men, and to be prepared to unite with the army near Richmond, if called on, but not to omit to strike the enemy if it can be done successfully.

R. E. LEE,General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 7, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

I grieve at the death of General Ashby. I hope he will find a successor. I doubt whether Radford would be. Ransom cannot be spared from his brigade, nor would he, I presume, exchange his command for the cavalry of Jackson. We must endeavor to find some one. General Steuart mentions Colonel Fitz. Lee, of the First Virginia Cavalry. I do not know whether he could carry with him Ashby's men.

Send the Georgia regiments you mention. They will be some help.

We must aid a gallant man if we perish.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-How would Colonel Thomas T. Munford, of Second Virginia cavalry, answer? He seems to be a good officer, judging at this distance, and was elected in place of Radford. General George [H.] Steuart, of the Maryland Brigade, is with Jackson. He is a cavalry officer.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,June 8, 1862.

Major-General EWELL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inclose this dispatch, just received. He is going down in person to see into it, but re-

