
[Indorsement.]

They are subject to the orders of the general the department. While no pledge has been or will be given to them, the Department will say to General Loring that it has no intention, under existing circumstances, to change their theater of operations. They will be more efficient in a country with which they are familiar.

G. W. R.

RICHMOND AND DANVILLE R. R., SUPT.'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 11, 1862.

GENERAL: Everything is ready for the transportation of 6,000 men. We can also get transportation for horses. As to forage, there is plenty in the depot here, which can be gotten on orders. It will take the horses there days to travel the distance-twenty-four to thirty-six hours by the cars. Please let me know which way you conclude to send them. I shall send and order to Sergeant Owen, but the courier who takes this, to bring the regimental trains here immediately, together with my brigade train. If General Hood is not going, and another brigade goes in his place, will you let Major Hill send an order to Sergeant Owen what wagons to bring in besides the Third Brigade regimental and the brigade train? Had we not better turn over to the Ordnance Department here all our spare smooth-bore muskets? Doubtless we can get better ones in the valley. Ours are not boxed up at all and difficult to carry about.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEVERLY RANDOLPH,

Major and Division Ordnance Officer.

NEAR MOUNT MERIDIAN, June 12, 0 1862.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Cavalry, Valley District:

COLONEL: I congratulate you upon your early re-occupation of Harrisonburg. I have directed the inspector-general to organized the cavalry now under Major Funsten, and hope that it will soon be of service to you. You had better order forward Chew's battery and your train in time to pass mount Crawford before 12 o'clock m. to-morrow. In the morning I trust that I will be able to make a timely move for the valley turnpike, and expect to encamp this side of Mount Crawford.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

NEAR MOUNT MERIDIAN, June 13, 1862.

[Colonel T. T. MUNFORD:]

COLONEL: Yours of this date has been received. I have given the chief commissary of subsistence orders to supply the hospital near Harrisonburg with subsistence. Do not permit any letter to be sen by flag of truce unless it is first read by yourself. Please turn over the guns to the agent. Major Harman may send for the wagons and am-

