HEADQUARTERS,Near Richmond, VA., June 16, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: I have received your letter by the Honorable Mr. Boteler. I hope you will be able to recruit and refresh your troops sufficiently for the movement proposed in my letter of the 11th.* You have only acknowledged my letter of the 8th. I am therefore ignorant whether that of the 11th has reached you.

From your account of the position of the enemy I think it would be difficult for you to engage him in time to unite with this army in the battle for Richmond. Fremont and Shields are apparently retrograding, their troops shaken and disorganized, and some time will be required to set them again in the field. If this is so, the sooner you unite with this army the better. McClellan is being strengthened; Burnside is with him, and some of McDowell's troops are also reported to have joined him. There is much sickness in this ranks, but his re-enforcements by far exceed his losses. The present, therefore, seems to be favorable of a junction of your army and this. If you agree with me, the sooner you can make arrangements to do so the better. In moving your troops you could let it be understood that it was to pursued the enemy in your front. Dispose those to hold the valley so as to deceive the enemy, keeping your cavalry well in their front, and at the proper time suddenly descending upon the Pamunkey. To be efficacious, the movement must be secret. Let me know the force you can bring, and be careful to guard from friends and foes your purpose and your intention of personally leaving the valley. The country is full of spies, and our plans are immediately carries to the enemy. Please inform me what arrangements you can make for subsisting your troops. Beef cattle could at least be driven, and if necessary we can subsist on meat alone.

Unless McClellan can be driven out of his intrenchments he will move by positions under cover of his heavy guns within shelling distance of Richmond. I know of no surer way of thwarting him than that proposed. I should like to have the advantage of your views and be able to confer with you. Will meet you at some point on your approach to the Chickahominy.

I inclose a copy of my letter of the 11th, lest the original should not have reached you.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEAR WEYER'S CAVE, June 17, 1862.

General W. H. C. WHITING:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am more than gratified at the prospect of again meeting you in the valley. As soon as you are ready, please move your command to the vicinity of Mount Crawford, but on this side of North River, and let me see you at my headquarters.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

---------------

*See p. 910.

---------------

58 R R-VOL XII, PT III

