
that of a few days they will have to remain on this side, as no one is permitted to pass the lines to the enemy's side.

T. J. J.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 150. July 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. Major-General Jackson, with his own and Ewell's division, will immediately proceed to Louisa Court-House, and if practicable to Gordonsville, there to oppose the reported advanced of the enemy from the direction of Orange Court-House.

IV. Brigadier-General Whiting's division is hereby detached from the command of Major-General Jackson, and for the present will send reports direct to this office.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,July 13, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to say to you that you will take with you the batteries of Captains Courtney, Brockenbrough, and Lusk. Captain Carrington's battery you will leave behind, with orders to report to General Pendleton at his artillery camp near Richmond to-morrow morning. You will also take with you Captain Rice's battery from Brigadier-General Lawton's brigade. It may not be improper for me to remind you that Captain Courtney's battery went to Richmond when we moved from the vicinity of Tuesday's fight. He did not do so by my orders, but told me yesterday that he moved by your permission. He is encamped at Howard's Grove or at Allen's Grove, I am not sure which, but you will have to notify him of your movement. The general commanding directs me further to say that your guns and caissons will be transported on the railroad; the horses must go by land.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. CRUTCHFIELD.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, July 13, [1862].

Colonel S. CRUTCHFIELD:

I would beg to be informed whether it is intended by General Jackson that all my batteries (i. e., Rice's, Courtney's, Lisk's, and Brockenbrough's) shall go by train or only one. The orders received this evening through Lieutenant Douglas were to take only one battery, and to let the others go with the wagon train; but from your letter, herewith inclosed, it would seem that all should go by train.

I am, colonel, respectfully,R. S. EWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Please direct the bearer to Rice's battery.

