
a prospect of striking a blow elsewhere. I am, however, ready to re-enforce you as soon as that prospect is apparent.

I am, most respectfully and truly, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 25, 1862,

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th is received.* I hope you will be able to get definite information of Pope, his numbers &c. You must keep your troops well in hand and your cavalry close upon him, so that he cannot strike you an unexpected blow should you not be strong enough to strike at him. I wrote you on the subject of sending you re-enforcements and the difficulty. Since then I have heard of Stevens' division, from South Carolina, joining McClellan. All Burnside's is said to have been withdrawn from North Carolina. I am extremely anxious to re-enforce you, and would send General A. P. Hill's division, but the is now in arrest. General D. H. Hill I have been obliged to send south of James River to take Holmes' place, who has gone to Arkansas, &c., instead of Magruder. D. H. Hill's division at present is without a commander, in consequence of confusion among the major-generals. Although feeling weak, uncertain which side of the James River the enemy will advance, and being obliged to watch both, I could send you a force to suppress pope could I see a chance of your hitting him which did not involve its too long absence. Keep me advised and yourself prepared. They will be constantly annoying the railroad unless we can find their main body and drive it. If Pope goes far enough, could you swoop down north of the Rappahannock, suddenly uniting with Stuart, and clear the left bank opposite Fredericksburg?

Wishing you all health and success, I am, very truly,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS, July 26, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: I have received your letter* of the 23rd instant, giving the report of your scout concerning the position of General pope's forces. I am glad to hear that you have sufficient transportation for your present purposes. I did not desire you to purchase more in reference to your future movements, but to collect and prepare what you had, so as to have it at your command at a safe an convenient position. I have written to you on the subject of re-enforcements. It is a difficult question. I am sorry you feel yourself so weak. I was in hopes your stragglers were coming to you. It has been determined to brigade the Louisiana regiments. The regiments assigned to you are those that will be first filled up with recruits from Louisiana. That is the reason for the change. I send you two and a battery, and take away one regi-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

