
to you from the valley. Do not let your troops run down if it can possibly be avoided by attention to their wants, comforts, &amp;c., by their respective commanders. This will require your personal attention; also consideration and preparation in your movements. I want Pope to be suppressed. The course indicated in his orders, if the newspapers report them correctly, cannot be permitted an will lead to retaliation on our part. You had better notify him the first opportunity. The order of Steinwehr must be disavowed, or you must hold the first captains from his army for retaliation. They will not be exchanged. A. P. Hill you will, I think, find a good officer, with whom you can consult, and by advising with your division commanders as to your movements much trouble will be saved you in arranging details, as they can act more intelligently. I wish to save you trouble from my increasing your command. Cache your troops as much as possible till you can strike your blow, and be prepared to return to me when done, if necessary. I will endeavor to keep General McClellan quiet till it is over, if rapidly executed.

Very respectfully and truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 164. July 27, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. The Second Brigade, Louisiana troops, attached by Special orders, Numbers 163, of July 26, 1862, from these headquarters, is temporarily attached to the division of Major General A. P. Hill, to report without delay.

IX. Major General A. P. Hill, with his division, will proceed by railroad with the last possible delay to join Major General T. J. Jackson at Gordonsville, Va.

* * * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires, if concluding to take up your transportation, that you cut it down to the lowest limit, as General Jackson has been advised to prepare transportation, if able to do so, to meet you at Gordonsville, and all surplus transportation is greatly needed here in hauling provisions from our front likely to be seized by the enemy and other points for subsistence of this army. Major A. H. Cole will have that exceeding established allowance (or if able to cut down more) and such other transportation as can be spared, to be receipted for.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

