HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that the arrangement of regiments in the two cavalry brigades in approved. The brigade commanded by General Hampton will, however, be the First Brigade, as he is the senior brigadier, and the inclosed order numbers the brigades accordingly, reversing the numbers as proposed by yourself. The disposition of the brigades for outpost duty is also approved by the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, July 28, 1862.

General EWELL:

GENERAL: General Jackson requests you to send your wagons to the rear at dawn, your train to move in rear of those of this division. Have your troops in the road by sunrise.

Respectfully,A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

July 30, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I hear through many sources that the Federal forces are arresting all the male citizens in Fredericksburg an its neighborhood, thereby causing great distress and alarm among our people in that region. Please give what protection you can to the families of our citizens and every facility in your power to get within our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. E. LEE,]

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 31, 1862.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of July 28 has been received,* and in reply the commanding general desires me to say that he is glad to learn that your brigade is fast increasing and revivifying after the active and arduous campaigns through which it has just passed. In regard to the Georgia troops which have arrived and are ne route for this place, it is thought that they cannot be spared from this vicinity at present, since a very large force has already been recently detached for service beyond the limits of the defenses of Richmond, and it is not deemed prudent to further weaken the force here so long as the enemy remains

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

