
in force so near. The commanding general is anxious to gratify your wishes, and will do so whenever the condition of the service will admit of the organization you propose for the Georgia troops. Light artillery can be assigned to your brigade at once, and General Jackson will be directed to make the assignment of artillery to your brigade. Cavalry cannot be assigned, as it has been organized with the view of keeping it together as much as possible. The general regrets that you should have been subjected to the embarrassment of being thrown in contact with your juniors commanding divisions. These organizations were made before he came in command of this army, and at the time at which they were these brigadiers were the senior with the army. he is anxious that the rights of every one should be observed, and that the feelings of no one should be abused by a partial distribution of command. Thus far all the troops have been brigaded and no detached regiments have arrived.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 31, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he desires you to assign to General Lawton's brigade its proper proportion of artillery if you can do so. This brigade was ordered from Savannah without artillery, and it has been reported that the brigade is till without artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near Mechanicsville, 5 miles from Gordonsville, July 31, 1862.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Jackson to reply to yours of this instant.

Secure Liberty Mills Bridge. Report to Brigadier-General Robertson for orders, but until you hear from him act as you have been.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-You will see where General Jackson is by the heading.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, August 1, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond;

SIR: Information has just reached me that General Marshall intends to make an expedition into Kentucky at an early day. This movement

