
carries with it an air of probability and truth. I have heard nothing further from Fredericksburg. General Stuart was yesterday to move with all his cavalry in that direction, with a view of penetrating the interdicted limits and ascertaining if possible the veiled movements of the enemy. I have no had time to hear. I cannot think their force there large, and believe it is concentrated in your front. You are right in not attacking them in their strong and chosen positions. They ought always to be turned as you propose, and thus force them on more favorable ground. I do not know that the central position you refer to will accomplish this, but you ought to know; I should think passing their left flank would. It is important the strength of the enemy at Fredericksburg should be ascertained, or your communication might be cut. The enemy on the James River seems unsettled in his plans. Yesterday he crossed the river with infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and seemed to threaten and advance on petersburg, with a view of seizing that road. To-day some of his gunboats have moved up to Malvern Hill, and have taken position as if to sweep the ground preparatory to its occupation by a land force. In a day or two their object may be disclosed. They still, too, threaten Goldsborough from New Berne. General A. P. Hill carries with him an excess of transportation. The order for its return probably did not reach him in time for him to send it back. If so, and it reaches your army, you can retain it, as it will be required for other troops which I hope to send, but have it turned over to your quartermaster.

I am, very respectfully and truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.

MECHANICSVILLE [NEAR GORDONSVILLE],

August 4, 1862.

Major General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 3 a. m. of this date is at hand.* Is the large encampment you refer to of infantry? As far as consistent with efficiency we should keep the enemy ignorant of our infantry force; but if you have an opportunity to strike a blow do it, and if you need re-enforcements let me know.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

PROCLAMATION.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VA.,

Wytheville, August 4, 1862.

The force which has been placed in the field having proved inadequate to the defense of the State, many portions of which are invaded by marauding bands of the enemy, who insult, oppress, and rob our people; and the Northern Government, smarting under their recent defeats around Richmond and elsewhere, having called for an additional force of 300,000 men, with the purpose of continuing their aggressions upon Virginia and the other States of the

Confederacy, the Gov-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

