
ernor, feeling it to be his solemn duty to call upon the militia not now in service to unite with him in a prompt and vigorous effort to repel the enemy, to rescue the soil of the State and our people from the pollution and tyranny of a detestable foe, now appeals to the men of the following-named counties from thirty-five to forty-five years of age, to wit:

The counties of Washington, Smyth, Grayson, Carroll, Floyd, Pulaski, Wythe, Montgomery, Roanoke, Botetourt, Craig, Alleghany, Greenbrier, Monroe, Giles, Mercer, Bland, Tazewell, McDowell, Wise, Buchnan, Lee, Scott, Rusell, Raleigh, Wyoming, Logan, Boone, Wayne, Cabell, Putnam, Kanawha, Mason, Clay, Nicholas, Fayette Braxton, Webster, Pocahontas, and Randolph.

And as the organization of the several regiments of militia has been deranged by the going into service of so many officers and men, that it cannot be known at headquarters who the commandants are, the presiding justice of each county is required to proceed immediately to call out an cause to be embodied the militiamen of his county between thirty-five and forty-five years of age, without regard to regimental bounds; and to that end he is authorized to call upon one or more justices and the commissioner or commissioners of the revenue to aid him.

When the number of men of reach county is made up the presiding justice will place them under the command of some intelligent and reliable man as officer in charge, with instructions to march the detachment, as speedily as possible, to the salt-works in smyth County, and report to Major General John B. Floyd for serried.

Where there is railroad transportation, he will give such officer a certificate to enable him to obtain transportation for himself and the detachment, on account of the State.

The men will be allowed commutation in money for subsistence from the day they march until their arrival at the rendezvous.

The Governor most earnestly exhort all who are now called upon to be prompt and vigorous in action. The movement is of vital consequence to the State, and there is not a day to spare.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

VIA HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

August 5, 1862.

General LEE:

Struck the enemy's line of march at this place, Massaponax Church, and Lee's brigade is charging his baggage train in both directions, capturing wagons and prisoners, who are thronging already my presence.

Two brigades (Hatch and Gibbon), 6,000 men, [and] twelve pieces of artillery, have gone toward Richmond on Telegraph road; encamped at Gerald's Mill, 12 miles from Fredericksburg, last night. Prisoners say Burnside is at Fredericksburg, with 16,000 men, to follow on same route. One brigade went up by Spotsylvania Court-House last night. These facts are all corroborated by individuals separately questioned. Yankees say Hanover Court-House is their destination. I think Verdon and the Junction. Colonel Drake is in front of the enemy with First Virginia Cavalry, with one howitzer. He will delay their march. I will not trust my course to paper. I send this to Hanover Court-House

