
to be telegraphed to Jackson and yourself. The Ninth Virginia Cavalry, in advance yesterday, cough 11 Yankees near Port Royal. The First Virginia Cavalry cough 4 and wounded several while repulsing the enemy's cavalry in front. I will watch the enemy.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Market, Va., August 7, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday is received. I am much gratified at your severing the line of march of Hatch's and Gibbon's brigade. I think it will arrest their march and cause a retrograde movement. Their object is, I think, the railroad and the recall of Jackson. If they could reach a position in which jackson could interpose between them and Fredericksburg they would be annihilated. Give him all information and co-operation. The greatest benefit you can do is what you are now doing, cutting up their communications, trains, &amp;c. Keep me informed of events.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEAR NEW MARKET, VA.,

August 7, 1862-9 a. m.

General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday is received.* I am here in consequence of the reported advance of McClellan's army. I have no idea that he will advance on Richmond now, but it may be premonitory to get a new position, reconnoiter, &c. I think it more probable to cover other movements, probably that of Burnside from Fredericksburg, of which I wrote you last night. Porter's mortar fleet is in Hampton Roads; his gunboats at City Point and Curl's Neck. I hope to determine to-day what it means, but at present it seems to me too hazardous to diminish the forces here until something more is ascertained. I therefore cannot promise to send you the re-enforcements I intended and still desire. As the expectation of re-enforcements amy delay your operations and otherwise embarrass you and prevent your making an advantageous movement, you had better not calculate on them. If I can send them I will; if I cannot, and you think it proper and advantageous, act without them. Being on the spot you must determine what force to operate against. I agree with you in believing that if you advance into fauquier the force at Fredericksburg, if it be Popes, would in all probability follow; but if it be Burnside's, and Pope in your front is strong enough to resist you, it might operate injuriously on your rear, also to the railroad, your communications, &c. If you were strong enough to bear down all opposition in your front the force at Fredericksburg might be neglected, for it would be sure to fall if that in your front was suppressed. It was to save you the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

