
abundance of hard fighting that I ventured to suggest for your consideration not to attack the enemy's strong points, but to turn his position at Warrenton, &amp;c., so as to draw him out of them. I would rater you should have easy fighting nd heavy victories. I must now leave the matter to your reflection and good judgment. Make up your mind what is best to be done under all the circumstances which surround us, and let me hear the result at which you arrive. I will inform you if any change takes place here that bears on the subject.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 8, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th is received.* If your information is correct, your movement against the enemy in Culpeper [County] is judicious. I hope you may be able to strike him moving, or at least be able to draw him from his strong positions. Relying upon your judgement, courage, and discretion, and trusting to the continued blessing of an ever-kind Providence, I hope for victory. An office of the quartermaster's department leaves this evening with 50 wagons and teams for you. Twenty wagons and teams will be sent you from Lynchburg. The remaining 30 I will endeavor to draw from the train of this army. A field battery will also be sent you, and would be on the road to-day by for the absence of General Pendleton. As regards General Robertson, i will to-day see the Secretary of War. That subject is not so easily arranged, and without knowing any of the circumstances attending it except as related by you, I fear the judgement passed upon him may be hasty. Neither am I sufficiently informed of the qualifications of Colonel W. E. Jones, though having for him a high esteem, to say whether he is better qualified. With best wishes for you and your command.

I am, very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 8, 1862.

Indorsement on letter of General A. W. G. Davis, requesting that Colonel Davis' regiment of cavalry and Colonel Starke's regiment of infantry be sent to Greenbrier County, Va.:

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President. On August 5, by orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General, Colonel Starke's regiment was ordered to proceed to Dublin Depot and report to General Loring. Cavalry is much wanted in this army. It cannot be of very great service in the mountains of West Virginia, save as scouts,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

