
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 94. August 11, 1862.

I. To secure prompt and efficient assistance for the wounded in battle, two men from each company will be detailed to care for the wounded in each engaged. These men will be detailed by company commanders, with written authority furnished to each, countersigned by regiments commanders, as evidence that he is properly on such duty. No other will be permitted to leave the ranks for this purpose.

II. On all marches a division provost-marshal with a guard of one commissioned and two non-commissioned officers and ten meant from each regiment will march in rear of each division, accompanied by one of the division medical officers, to prevent straggling. When men fall back who are sick the surgeon will give them a ticket for transportation in the ambulances or train of wagons. If not sick they will be marched into camp under charge of the guard.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN B. HOOD, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Having received information that Burnside's forces have left Fredericksburg to join Pope, unless you know to the contrary, I desire you to march at once with your command to Gordonsville and report to General Longstreet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 13, 1862.

General STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

I am directed by General Lee to say that he has been informed that the force which was at Fredericksburg under General Burnside has joined that under General Pope. He desires you to ascertain the truthfulness of this report, and if it is found to be so, he wishes you to leave a sufficient cavalry force in your present front to observe the movements of the enemy, afford protection to the railroad, &amp;c., and to move with the main body of the cavalry now with you to Gordonsville, and report for duty to Major-General Longstreet in the event of his absence.

I am, &c.,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 181. August 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major-General Longstreet, with his command, consisting of Kemper's, Jenkins', Pickett's, Wilcox's, Pryor's, Featherston's, D. R. Jones', Toombs', Drayton's, and Evans' brigade, will proceed without

