
delay by cars of Virginia Central Railroad to Gordonsville, making his requisitions upon the staff department for transportation and al supplies required for efficient service of his troops in the field.

VII. Brigadier-General Hood, with his command, consisting of Whiting's and Hood's brigades, will proceed by Fredericksburg Railroad to Hanover Junction, and there, selecting an eligible camp, hold his command in readiness for field service.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, near Richmond, Va., August 14, 1862.

(Received August 16, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date is received.* From every indication it appears that McClellan's forces on James River are being withdrawn and sent to re-enforce Pope. Under these circumstances I think it will be necessary to withdraw R. H. Anderson's division from Drewry's Bluff and send it in the direction of Gordonsville. Colonel Gibbs' regiment and the Fifty-seventh North Carolina Regiment (Colonel H. C. Jones) had better be ordered for the present to that point. In case Anderson is removed these troops will serve for the defense of Drewry's Bluff; and since they are new, they can be drilled and accustomed to camp, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 14, 1862-9 a. m.

(Received August 16, 1862.)

General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &c., Gordonsville, Va.:

GENERAL: Your note of 6.30 p. m. yesterday is just received. * At this distance, without knowing the position or strength of the enemy, it is impossible for me to decide the question you propose. I incline, however, to the right-flank movement. The easiest way of accomplishing that I should prefer. You being on the spot, with all information before you and the benefit of consultation with officers acquainted with the ground and circumstances, must use your own judgement and determine.

As soon as I learned yesterday that Burnside had left Fredericksburg I ordered Hood to march and report to you. Send him word to what point to direct his march. You can stop the troops in transit from here at Louisa if you think fit, and direct them to move toward the Rappahannock.

I have directed Stuart to get ready his cavalry to move on. I have proposed, as I informed you when here, to send Stuart by the right to sweep around by the enemy's rear and cut his communications when we

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

59 R R-VOL XII, PT III

