
get ready to move, keeping Jackson's cavalry on our left and in the enemy's front to disguise the movement. Is there any objection to this? If so, Stuart must be directed otherwise. I mention this because in your letter, after speaking of the movement forward, you say "the cavalry will be necessary on the other flank," by which I infer you mean the left. It is all-important that our movement, in whatever direction it is determined, should be as quick as possible. I fear General Pope can be re-enforced quicker than ourselves; prepare accordingly. Order the transportation of the respective brigades to the point on the railroad you wish the troops to halt.

I had arranged to leave in the cars to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock to join you. Let me know where I shall find you. I should like, if convenient, to see Jackson, too.

Most respectfully and truly, yours,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN B. HOOD, Commanding Division, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that orders have been sent you both by telegraph and courier to proceed at once to join General Longstreet. He has been informed of your advance and will inform me to what point you will proceed. It is presumed you will be directed to march to some point on the Rapidan above the Germanna Mills, about Raccoon Ford.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 14, 1862.

General G. W. SMITH, Commanding Division, &c.:

GENERAL: I propose joining that portion of the Army of Northern Virginia now under General Longstreet, and expect to leave here to-morrow. In may absence you will be the senior officer with this wing of the army, and I request you to direct its operations. For all purposes connected with the defense of Richmond, James River, its approaches, &c., you will give directions to Generals D. H. Hill and R. H. Anderson, stationed on the south side of James River. General D. H. Hill is in command of the Department of North Carolina, which has been extended from the Cape Fear to the James River, and that army has been united to this. From your general knowledge of the affairs of this army, its objects and position, I deem no instructions necessary beyond the necessity of holding Richmond to the last extremity should any attack be made upon it. The lines of defense on both sides of the river must be completed as soon as possible, and every attention given to the organization, instruction, and discipline of the troops. Trimonthly returns of the troops are required by existing orders, and I wish you would cause a consolidated return of the four divisions with you to be forwarded to me. Should you be able to ascertain whether General McClellan is diminishing his force at his present position please let me know and to what points they are being sent. It may be neces-

