
sary in that event to reduce our own force correspondingly or to withdraw it entirely. I wish you to keep this contingency constantly in view. Generals D. H. Hill and Hampton have instructions to keep out scouts and to use every means in their power to ascertain General McClellans' movements. Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Alexander has undertaken measures to the same end.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-My headquarters will first be at Gordonsville.
HEADQUARTERS, August 14, 1862.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I desire you to prepare your division to proceed to Gordonsville as soon as transportation can be furnished on the railroad. Your wagons and artillery will march, and can be placed on the road as soon as ready. I need not call to your attention the necessity of restricting the baggage of your division according to existing orders. Your transportation will necessarily be restricted to the standard established, and all surplus baggage wagons and teams must be turned in to the quartermaster's department. your personal attention is requested to this matter. I suggest that you take summer tents or flies in such number as may be actually necessary to cover your men.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

GORDONSVILLE, VA., August 15, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Please put General R. H. Anderson's division in motion to-morrow. Direct him to halt at Louisa Court-House. Orders will meet him there. I move to-morrow toward Rapidan.

R. E. LEE.

[Indorsement.]

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

If the order has not been given let it be done immediately and all the arrangements be made.

[JEFFERSON DAVIS.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 190. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XXVIII. Major General R. H. Anderson, with his command,will proceed with the least possible delay to Louisa Court-House, Va., where he will halt and await further orders from the commanding general.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

