
his presence on the other side." Shall we move McLaws toward the railroad?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES L. CORLEY,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The enemy has left Fredericksburg and nothing need be apprehended at present from that direction. A regiment of cavalry is stationed at Hanover Junction. Armistead's brigade has arrived at Louisa in advance of his transportation. Can you not, in accordance with desire expressed in letter of this morning, furnish him temporarily with transportation from Louisa to his position for his provisions and cooking utensils? The general wishes the same thing to be done for the other brigades as they arrive, so that they may promptly move into position. With regard to issuing depot at Orange, this will be advisable, as being nearer our troops, which are on the east side of the railroad. The enemy has evacuated the James River country, according to advices received, and the whole of our army has been ordered up to this frontier, and it becomes necessary for Colonel Cole and yourself to make your arrangements accordingly. Please advise Colonel Cole to this effect.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. H. CHILTON],

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 17, 1862.

Colonel JAMES L. CORLEY, Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: General R. H. Anderson's division impart arrived at Louisa Court-House last night, and probably without means of transportation, which was to come up by another road. Ascertain what they have, as some have left their cooking utensils behind, and, if possible, provide them with transportation for these and three days' provisions until their own transportation reaches them. The general also wishes to know what arrangements have been made for supply transportation trains, as it is necessary that some immediate arrangement should be made. He thinks it possible that the supply trains which were with troops in Richmond may have been sent up in proportion to troops detached therefrom. Please inform him at earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. H. CHILTON],

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 183. August 17, 1862.

I. Colonel S. D. Lee will take command of the battalion of artillery now commanded by Major Del. Kemper, the latter continuing to serve with the battalion.

