
II. All the cavalry attached to this army is placed under command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Taylor's [Farm], August 18, 1862.

General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I hope to be prepared to-day to cross to-morrow. I wish to know where you will be and where your troops (Lee's brigade) are. The order placing you in command of the cavalry accompanies this.* When you move, for which you must wait for orders, I think it will be necessary to leave the cavalry pickets of General Robertson's brigade in their usual position under a vigilant officer and draw the rest to you. This could be done the evening previous, and must be looked to to-day. Colonel Jones may be the best officer to leave in charge of pickets, with orders to be vigilant and to make strict resistance against any attempt upon his position. Let me hear from you as soon as you know the time at which you will be prepared. You must have your rations prepared. Hard bread will be issued for the march, but must not be used previously. The supply is very limited.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 18, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Herewith I send you telegram from General Fitz. Lee.+ In consequence of the condition, as reported, of his animals you must defer, the commanding general says, your proposed operations until wednesday, moving down toward your intended camp and resting your horses to -morrow. Advise the general so soon as ascertained if the detached regiment will get up, and give full report of exact condition of your command, enable him to act with a full knowledge of condition of his entire command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

[R. H. CHILTON],

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,In rear of Clark's Mountain, Va., August 18, 1862.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your note of this date just received.+ You can take position in this valley near Jackson's command, in rear of Clark's Mountain. The commanding general does not understand discrepancy be-

---------------

*See, of August 17, p. 933. +Not found.

---------------

