
Imboden has done, if he has mad an expedition. What did he do; what the strength and position of the enemy?

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 21, 1862.

General W. W. LORING, Dublin Depot, W. Va.:

Nothing heard of Imboden. He must be there by this time. No reliable information as to the strength of the enemy. In the northern portion of the valley it was stated a few weeks ago at 6,200. The President wishes Marshall to move when called on by General Smith. Send his troops to him.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, W. Va., August 21, 1862.

(Received August 25, 1862.)

Hon GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The enemy on the east side of New River has fallen back as far as Hamilton's, 12 or 15 miles this side of Gauley Bridge, and taken up positions found very strong in last summer's campaign, and on the west side he has fallen back to Fayette Court-House and Cotton Hill, like-wise stronger positions than he occupied before. Besides being strengthened in positions, the enemy has probably concentrated his scattered troops as the retired. As i have before made known to you, if I can get General Marshall's forces I can move on him with great prospect of success; without him, or re-enforcements of equal number, the enemy outnumbers me and has the shortest line of transportation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

PETERSBURG, VA., August 21, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

Extract from friend in McClellan's army, dated August 17:

Army under marching orders. Destination believed to be White House. Burnside went to Aquia Creek to get in rear of Jackson. General Porter's division, 25,000 strong will arrive at Old Point on 18th. On brigade of troops quartered between Old Point and Williamsburg.

You will receive original to-night.

S. G. FRENCH.

RICHMOND, VA., August 21, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, via Gordonsville,, Va.:

Your dispatch received. The retreat presents a case not originally contemplated. Have consulted General G. W. Smith, who will remain on the duty to which you assigned him, and will send General Hill to resume the command of his old division. To be self-reliant against a

