
sudden attack the force at the Junction must, under existing circumstances, be held in readiness for co-operation, and the brigades of Wise, Walker, Ransom, Martin, and Daniel be retained. Nothing certainly known of retiring forces beyond New Kent Court-House. Have received no further communication in relation to a landing at Bogue Inlet.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,August 21, 1862-2 a. m.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Second Virginia Cavalry:

COLONEL: The proposed movements have been referred to General Lee, but he deemed it best that you should report to General Stuart. See that the medical stores and ammunition at Culpeper Court-House are secured. I will send a medical officer over to see about the sick and wounded at Culpeper Court-House. General Stuart is near Brandy Station. I am much obliged for the papers you sent me last night.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, W. Va., August 22, 1862.

(Received August 25, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Information has reached me that many conscripts and volunteers between eighteen and thirty-five years of age are coming out of Western Virginia and joining the State Line Partisan Corps and other irregular service. As I learn that General Marshall will carry so many of these as are in his command out of the State, and General Floyd does not propose to act in concert with the Confederate forces with his, does your judgment approve of orders from your department or from me stringently prohibiting such action and constraining such persons into Confederate service? If so, to what length may the orders and action to give them effect go?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

AUGUST 17, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING:

DEAR SIR: I am desirous of being transferred with my command from General Marshall's brigade to the partisan service, with authority to increase my battalion to a full regiment and under orders to report to you. This is the unanimous wish of my officers and men. My battalion was wholly raised by myself, and I now have six companies and three more ready to join me if I can effect this transfer. If I succeed as above I can fill my regiment to 1,250 strong in thirty days. You can inquire concerning me of Colonel Trigg, with whom I am personally ac-

