
of increasing the regimental transportation to the standard of the Twenty-third. What tents did you make requisition for and on whom? Give Captain Fitch as thorough information as possible, so that he may report to me verbally as to all matters concerning you.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 20, 1862.

Captain DAHLGREN,

Navy-Yard, Washington:

Send a steamer off to-night to communicate with Captain Wyman in the Rappahannock with the following message:

General McDowell will send canal-boats and timber to Fredericksburg by the way of the Rappahannock, which you will convoy and protect. If it is impossible to reach Fredericksburg, send them back to Aquia Creek. Send back word immediately by this boat, with a full report of the condition of things in the Rappahannock, and let the report first be made to an officer of General McDowell's command, who will be found at Aquia Creek. The general's force is at Falmouth, opposite Fredericksburg, the bridges across the river being burned. if you are at a point within 25 miles of Fredericksburg, General McDowell will send a cavalry force down the north bank to meet you.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary.

WOODSTOCK, VA., April 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Jackson is flying from this department. I assisted in conducting the movement against him the other day when he was driven from Mount Jackson and New Market, and saw that the moment he abandoned Rude's Hill, which is by far the strongest position in the Shenandoah Valley, he gave the whole valley up for lost. He has between 10,000 and 12,000 men with him. General Ewell is lying now with 10,000 men near Culpeper Court-House. These forces will unite at Gordonsville with the purpose of checking our advance. They constitute the only force between us and Richmond. I would respectfully suggest that my division, Blenker's division, and Abercrombie's and Geary's commands be united and consolidated as speedily as possible, to force their way toward Richmond. This movement, if followed up by General Sumner's command and the rest of the disposable troops on the Potomac, will relieve General McClellan, and contribute to the destruction of the rebel army and the capture of the rebel capital. I am ready to conduct this movement if you can get the Senate to pass at once upon my nomination, but confirmed or not by that body I am ready to lad or follow, whichever you may deem most advisable, and in acting thus will do everything in my power to vindicate your kindness and partiality for me and the generous confidence which the President and yourself have been pleased to place in me since I entered the service.

There are no troops needed at present in the Shenandoah Valley but those which are necessary to garrison the different posts. Williams' division is ample for this. I venture to make these suggestions know-

