
the northwest this morning. On his way at Huntersville he will pick up about 150 Western Virginians driven out by Lincoln's draft, and whom he will organize as sharpshooters. He has also sent to Imboden to request his co-operation. After sweeping around by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, near Cheat, if possible, and destroying that work, he will exhibit his force in the enemy's rear, in the Kanawha Valley, about September 8, and, by diverting his forces and his attention, allow me to move on him about the same time, which i hope to do if the opportunity then seems favorable. If no such movement of mine occurs General Jenkins will return.

If the two Bath companies (part of Jackson's battalion) cannot be ordered here, I have three other companies with which (and the companies I advised you I had before) the new cavalry regiment can be formed at once, over which it is very desirable that Colonel C. E. Thorburn shall be appointed, and if you deem it best the other appointments can be reserved for future action. The efficiency of Thorburn would make the appointment one of great benefit to Jenkins' command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Jeffersonton, Va., August 25, 1862.

(Received August 30, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you herewith some of the correspondence of the enemy captured by our cavalry in an expedition to the rear of the Federal Army. I have selected such as from a hasty examination appear to me to be most interesting gain important as throwing light upon the enemy's plans. These you will receive in a separate envelope.* The remainder I have been unable to examine, except in a very cursory manner, but transmit them for your information. I call your attention particularly to a letter in the book of August 10 from General Cox to General Pope, and the reply of the latter of the 11th, directing General Cox to remain in Western Virginia, with 5,000 men, and send the rest to General Pope by river and rail.

I deem it important that General Loring should be informed of the force opposed to him and directed to clear the valley of the Kanawha and then operate northwardly, so as to join me in the valley of Virginia.

Since writing the above I have detached the letters referred to from the book for your special notice. I also refer you to a memorandum of Major General N. P. Banks, dated August 14, of information obtained from one Whitlock, of Augusta, implicating him as a spy. By comparison of dates the true Whitlock may be ascertained and brought to punishment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

