
RICHMOND, VA., August 25, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Rapidan Station, Va.:

Your dispatch received. Your letter hoped for in afternoon mail did not arrive. General Hill, when sent up, was directed to communicate with you and receive instructions. I stated to you the force retained. You know the condition here. General Smith will comply with your instructions.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Jeffersonton, Va., August 25, 1862.

Colonel J. F. GILMER,

Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: I desire you to use every exertion to perfect and complete the defenses around and to the approaches to Richmond by land and water. I wish to place them in such a condition that troops can be withdrawn from them with safety to the city, leaving proper guard, and again restored when necessary. Your services, as well as those of the engineers with you, are necessary to this army, and I am only willing to dispense with them to insure the safety of Richmond. I beg you will employ every means in your power for this purpose, and if they are no sufficient, create them. The Secretary of War and President will give you every assistance. As soon as you can leave Richmond I desire you to join me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Jeffersonton, Va., August 25, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

GENERAL: General Martin, in his capacity of Adjutant-General of North Carolina, reported to me before leaving Richmond that there was in that department a regiment of cavalry (the Second North Carolina Regiment, I think) which was not required for service in that State, and, indeed, from the locality of its then station (Goldsborough District), it was difficult to forage. I wrote to General D. H. Hill on the subject, but have not received a reply. Cavalry is very much needed in this region; the service is hard, and the enemy strong in that arm. If the regiment in question is not needed in [North] Carolina, I respectfully request it be ordered to join General Hampton's brigade.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 25, 1862.

Colonel J. F. GILMER,

Chief Engineer, Department of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 21st instant, reporting the result of your examinations of the lines around

