
Richmond and Petersburg and requesting that engineer officers be ordered to report to you as chief engineer of the department. The modifications which you design in that portion of lines extending from Chaffin's Bluff to the river above the city and all else that you have done meets with my approval. I regret that the progress in the works has not been as great as you desire, and I desire, as already stated in a previous letter, that you will make every exertion to increase the labor force and finish the works around Richmond, so that you may be able to be here, where your services would be most valuable.

As regards your visiting Charleston, S. C., and the time for the same, the President will decide both as to the necessity and the occasion.

There are no engineer officers with his army except those around Richmond are no engineer officers with this army except those around Richmond and one (Captain Johnston) just arrived here. Colonel Stevens must have such information regarding those on duty near Richmond as you desire, and I request that you will apply to him for the same. I know of no officers that could be ordered to report to you, but by making application at the War Department you may obtain the services of such assistants as you require. As chief engineer of this Army of Northern Virginia you have authority to call upon the engineer officers on duty with it for reports as to where they are and on what duty employed. Their names you can obtain from Colonel W. H. Stevens or the War Department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Jeffersonton, via Rapidan, Va.:

Generals Hill and McLaws, at North Anna, ordered to join you. The brigades of Ransom and Walker start from here this morning. The troops at North Anna were posted to defend your line of communication from Richmond to Gordonsville. Their advance uncovers that line to attack by the enemy from Fredericksburg. We have heard of new troops en route to Point Comfort and an encampment of sick at Point Lookout. The York and James Rivers are open to enemy's fleets. At Chaffin's Bluff we have Wise's brigade; at Drewry's Bluff Daniel's brigade, reported less than 2,000 men. The cavalry being sent forward, we shall be less able to get early information, and the troops at Petersburg and in North Carolina are all recruits, except the artillerists at Wilmington. Confidence in you overcomes the view would otherwise be taken of the exposed condition of Richmond, and the troops retained for the defense of the capital are surrendered to you on a renewed request.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., August 26, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING, Commanding, &c.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the President, fully appreciating the skill, enterprise, and gallantry displayed by Major Bailey, of the Twenty-second Virginia Infantry, in his late

60 R R-VOL XII, PT III

