
expedition against the enemy at Summersville, desires that you will notice him in a complimentary manner in orders to the Department of Southwestern Virginia.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 28, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Salem, via Rapidan, Va.:

Dispatch of 27th received. * Congratulate you upon events recited. Letters of 23rd and 24th received to-day. The re-enforcements asked for by you have been sent forward, and the cavalry to which you refer particularly should have joined you by this time. General Pendleton left here fully possessed of my views and charged to communicate them to you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, W. Va., August 29, 1862.

(Received September 1, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: By the latest information from the enemy, communicated by a Mr. Mann, who came from the rear of his line, he is still at Raleigh Court-House, about 1,500 strong, and at Fayette Court-House, Gauley Bridge, and Summerville in force. He reports that four regiments left the Kanawha River in steamers for the Wheeling Railroad; by these, deducted from the 12,000 (said to be the size of General Cox's army in an intercepted letter of General Pope, to which a letter of General Lee to me refers), still leave the enemy stronger than I am. I am deferring my advance a few days, fearing that a premature demonstration would only detain the enemy, who let alone, may evacuate his positions or weaken his force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., August 29, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING, Dublin Depot:

Pope's letter-book has been captured. On August 11 Cox was ordered to retain 5,000 men in Western Virginia and to send the remainder by river and railroad to Pope. On August 16 Cox telegraphed from Gauley Brigade that his command would be at Parkersburg on the evening of the 20th, and asked for railroad transportation. Clear the valley of the Kanawha, and operate northwardly to a junction with our army in the valley. Keep us advised of your movements.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

