
ing with what indulgence they will be received, whether they may strike you as practicable or not. If they should impress you favorably there is not a moment to lose. A rapid movement of this kind on the flank of the rebel army may help materially to hasten the defeat of that army and the overthrow of the rebel Government.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of profound gratitude and respect, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

WHEELING, April 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am in great need of an efficient ordnance officer, and General Ripley, in reply to application, says he has not a single one that can be spared. I should be glad to have Captain Henry Clay Wood, Eleventh Infantry, recently at Pittsburgh, Pa., detailed for the purpose. Governor Morton offers to fill up immediately a company of cavalry here which is short of men. Is there any objection? I desire to say that we are in many respects illy provided here, and time is so pressing that I shall be obliged to make my requisitions on the several departments by telegraph. I hope it will be admitted.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Wheeling, Va., April 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Intelligence just received from General Milroy states that the enemy, numbering about 3,500, with two batteries, including two rifled guns, are constructing fortifications upon the crest of the Shenandoah. Reliefs of 500 men are constantly at work day and night. The rebel encampment is on the eastern slope of the mountain, extending down 5 miles from the summit. I have just asked General Ripley for six mountain howitzers for shelling these works. A notorious guerrilla, named Frederick W. Chewing, has been captured by a cavalry company under General Milroy, who thinks it will have a good effect to try him by drum-head court-martial and hang him. I await the instructions asked for on this point some time since.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 20, 1862.

Brigadier General MILROY, Monterey:

It was not expected when you were directed to move forward that re-enforcements for the department would be so long delayed or your advance would have been postponed. Reports from various sources all in-

