
mand. The sergeant knows nothing of Pope nor anything new. Riveer fordable at this place. One thing certain, no Confederates on either side of the river yesterday. Rations out to-day.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENTON, [August 27, 1862]-10 a. m.

(Received August 27.)

General BURNSIDE:

Arrived. Sykes close behind. Have ordered up Morell and Griffin, and hope they will get here to-night. Nothing more should come. Communication with Washington cut. Advise withdrawal from Fredericksburg, and as soon as possible from Aquia. The route inland may be safe if you have good and abundant cavalry. Will probably be cut off from you. Enemy struck railroad near Manassas and have destroyed some bridges. We will probably force the way back to Manassas and open communication with Alexandria. Banks comes here to-day. McDowell goes to Gainesville; covers movement of trains, &amp;c. Heintzelman moved on railroad, thus covers that. Franklin is still at Alexandria. We shall see each other in a few days, perhaps, after a severe fight. Good-by.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-Genera, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 27, 1862-4.30 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Do you hear anything from Pope?

A. LINCOLN.

FALMOUTH, August 27, 1862-5 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

Nothing from Pope since his dispatch to General Halleck, which has just gone through. I sent full dispatches to General Halleck this morning of all that I know.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

ALEXANDRIA, August 27, 1862..

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General McClellan desires me to say that neither General halleck nor himself have received any definite information from the right and front to-day. Telegraph line is broken.

Last night 500 rebel cavalry burned the bridge across Bull Run, blew up the culvert, and destroyed four empty railroad trains. We don't know where they came from or where they went. The general desires that you keep the railroad well guarded between Aquia Creek and Falmouth, and do not send out any supply trains or batteries to Porter or Heintzelman without a strong escort.

Have your cavalry scour the country well to the right and rear of

