
dicate a concentration of the enemy's force and an attack upon our most exposed position. Under these circumstances you will not move forward until specially directed to do so. Meantime keep your communication with General Schenck actively open.

J. C. FREMONT.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 21, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Extreme solicitude for Blenker's troops, who have now been out forty days without shelter, induces me to telegraph you directly. These troops were ordered to leave their tents and make requisition for shelter-tents; they did so. After forty days they have not the latter. They now lie in this rain, waiting forage, which the means of transportation at the command of the entire column and quartermaster's department in the Shenandoah are insufficient to promptly supply. If they do not have tents of some kind they will have every reason to be discouraged.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

WHEELING, VA., April 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you approve of a requisition for 800 horses for mounting Lloyd's Sixth Ohio Cavalry? The requisition has been sent. We are in pressing need of cavalry in movements now being made.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 21, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Wheeling:

Your requisitions may be made by telegraph, and will be attended to without delay as far as they can be supplied. The President desires to know when you intend to move toward Knoxville, and with what force and by what route, and whether you contemplate any co-operation with Mitchel.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WHEELING, VA., April 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatch received. I send in the morning the information desired by the President.+ Colonel Harris, charged with expedition against guerrillas in Cheat Mountain District, reports Lieutenant Lawson's detachment in. Five guerrillas killed; five houses burned. Much hindered by high water. No reports as yet from other detachments. General Schenck, ordered to move on Franklin, telegraphs river rising

---------------

*Answer of same date is quoted in Fremont's report, see Part I, p. 7.

+See Part I, p. 7.

---------------

