HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1862-6.30 a. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: To enable the outpost duty to be performed with any degree of satisfaction and safety, I respectfully request of the commanding general that cavalry may be assigned to me for that purpose. I presume the commanding general is not aware that I have only a few orderlies, not enough to furnish messengers for the outposts, much less vedettes and patrols. I also request to be informed if cavalry patrols are in my front, under direction of the commander of the cavalry. If so, will they be directed to notify the commander of the guard of the movements of the enemy affecting him, and beyond the reach of his sentinels? I have now outposts on the road to Gum Spring, and shall locate my grand guard on that road at a suitable position this side of Flat Lick Run. I presume General Sumner will take the road to Chantilly. I do not know who takes one to Groveton.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Centreville, September 1, 1862-9.40 a. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of this morning, General Pope directs me to say that if he can possibly find any cavalry fit for service he will assign a fair proportion of it to your corps. Each commander of cavalry reports his force as perfectly broken down, and not able to raise a trot. Nearly all the cavalry that is fit for service (and the number is very small) has just been ordered to the right, to watch the movements of the enemy in that direction. The whole of Banks' cavalry force, under command of General Buford, is now at or near Cub Run. The choicest of this force will be left there. Horses have been sent for to remount the cavalry, and are expected to-day or to-morrow. There is a regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery on the Groveton road, in front of our lines, belonging to Reynolds' division. Franklin will take the Groveton road for his grand guards; Sumner will attend to the Chantilly road; whilst Banks is on the road to Manassas Junction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 12, 1862.

FITZ JOHN PORTER, New York City:

DEAR PORTER: Yours of the 10th instant received.* Much obliged for your assurance of the paper referred to; it will be very useful.

I do not recollect the time you allude to, "meeting you at headquarters (Pope's) on the 30th;" but when I sent you the notice on the field

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

