
again. Two crossings on road from Moorefield to Franklin. No bridge or ferry. Greatly crippled in movement by want of pontoon train.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

RALEIGH,

-------

21, 1862.

General COX:

A respectable man from Monroe County came to-day from the farms near where enemy was reported; says they are not there. At Lewisburg not more than 1,200 or 1,400; at Peterstown not over 500; none along the river; no fortifications of note at Peterstown; no troops on Flat Top, except a few guerrillas; none at Princeton. A Red Sulphur and Princeton property has been valued and orders given to burn it on approach of Union troops; also all tobacco factories and flour mills at Lewisburg. Several men were detailed from each company of volunteers to guard drafted men; the latter disarmed under pretense of changing flints to percussion. The understanding is that all is to be abandoned west of mountains. The fords of New River are, one-half mile above Blue Stone, 1 1/2 feet deep; two, 3 1/2 miles above Indian Creek, 1 foot deep; three below mouth of Rich Creek, all good at ordinary stages of water. There is nothing to stop us this side of railroad except mud and water.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 44. Washington, April 21, 1862.

All the lock-houses, boats, scows, and other property belonging to the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company on the line of said canal, now held, used, or occupied by the United States officers or troops, will be forthwith given up and restored to the president of the said company. All officers of the Army will respect Alfred Spates, esq., as president of the said company, and are hereby prohibited from interfering in any manner with him in the management of the canal; but are directed to give him such aid and assistance as is consistent with the good of the service in keeping it in repair and removing all restrictions which have been imposed upon the boats navigating the said canal. The president of the said canal company is authorized to give all passes that may be required to be used on the canal, subject to the approval of the commander of the district.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Aquia, April 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am just over from Fredericksburg to confer with the officer of the Navy, who it was arranged was to come to see me here, from Captain Wyman, commanding flotilla in the Rappahannock. The captain was

7 R R-VOL XII, PT III

