
himself at Fredericksburg, and after communicating with the mayor, who told him the town had been surrendered to the land forces, left without communicating with the commanding officer of the troops. As soon as it was known he was there the attempt was made to see him, but without success. I have seen a copy of his dispatch, and learn from in that there are no obstructions in the river to prevent his going up with vessels.

The officer who came up tells me he met fourteen canal-boats only going down. There should be forty. If a steam ferry-boat could be sent there it could be used to great advantage. There are stores in Fredericksburg (more than 1,000 barrels of flour) which I am anxious to save, for fear of accident, and I am anxious to have free communication with opposite shore as soon as possible.

The last account of the enemy is that there is a force a few miles beyond Fredericksburg intrenched. I hope it is so. The force cannot be large, as it would attempt to oppose my passing the river. It must be a rear guard to break up bridges and delay my march. All their forces seem to be drawing south and east. I need beef cattle at Fredericksburg and some at Aquia. They can be driven under an escort, which General Wadsworth can furnish, by way of Occoquan and Dumfries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Potomac and Shenandoah are booming. Three reaches of the railroad bridge gone, with train of coal cars put to hold them down. Have volunteered inquiries into adequacy of supplies for troops this side of the river. If sufficient, they must be promptly ordered from the West. Clothing for two brigades gone forward. Clothing and tents wanting. Cut off by loss of bridge. May pass in boats when river falls.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

RALEIGH, April 22, [1862].

(Received April 23.)

General COX, Charleston:

Colonel Little and Mrs. Corner, Mercer County, came in this evening from near Princeton. Report Jenifer at Princeton with a few cavalry and militia, not over 300; at Peterstown, two weeks ago, 400 Giles County militia; at Narrows of New River Hill Falls, Forty-fifth Virginia, 500 or 600, and at Montgomery, militia 800 strong; Pulaski militia 2 miles beyond Giles Court-House, 200 or 300. Forty bushwhackers at Captain Stovel's, 1 1/2 miles to right of turnpike, on a spur of Flat Top, south side, without cavalry. I can see no hope of saving Princeton.

Colonel Little confirms reports of intended destruction of town and country property. We can get hay and some corn about here. The cavalry would be invaluable now; weather and roads however are both wretched.

Respectfully,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding.

