
immediate report from the officer in charge of the force engaged on this work and its progress? Besides this, I wish you to make a thorough personal inspection of the defense and direct any other work not now begun that in your judgment may be required. The trees on John's Island within 1,000 yards of our batteries, or any that would in any way conceal the movements of the enemy that can be removed with a reasonable amount of labor, should be felled. Field guns should be almost universally in embrasure, the improved ordnance of the present day in the hands of sharpshooters making barbette guns useless. Two deep embrasures for field pieces should be cut immediately on each flank of Fort Trenholm. You will please order this at once, and also have a proper abatis placed in front of the work.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN J. CLARKE,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

CHARLESTON, January 10, 1865.

(Received 11th.)

Major-General WHEELER:

The following telegram received from Major-General Cobb:

Scouts report enemy 1,000 or 2,000 strong, with wagons and artillery, on Ohoopee River, marching in direction of Southwestern Georgia.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE WEST, 5. January 10, 1865.

I. In pursuance of a telegram from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Major General G. H. Hill and personal staff will proceed to Charleston and report to Lieutenant-General Hardee. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for their horses.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SELMA, ALA., January 11, 1865 - 7. 30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Major General D. H. Hill has been ordered to report to Lieutenant-General Hardee.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

RICHMOND, January 11, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your assignment of Major General D. H. Hill is approved.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

