SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 9. Charleston, S. C., January 11, 1865.

II. Major General Sam. Jones, having been assigned to the command of the District of Florida, by orders from the War Department, is relieved from duty in the District of South Carolina, and will proceed to take charge of his new command.

* * * * * * January

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FEILDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAHAMVILLE, January 11, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: Among other things to which I feel it my duty to call your attention is the following: In recommending officers for promotion to rank of major-general, I did not recommend Brigadier-General Ferguson, who is the third ranking brigadier-general of my command, because I thought others were much more competent, and, in fact, I felt certain he was not competent. General Ferguson once served upon General Beauregard's staff, and I am inclined to think from what General Beauregard'staff say that efforts are being made to have him promoted. General Ferguson was transferred to my command because General Jackson could not get along with him. Last spring General Ferguson had a brigade of over 1,500 men, and was then serving under General Jackson. About two months since he reported to me. His first report showed that his brigade had dwindled down to 547 effective total, while he had over 3,400 names on his rolls. I have succeeded in bettering its condition somewhat, and if he stays with me I will make it full and keep it full. General Ferguson had another brigade under his command last fall, which went almost to pieces while under his command. This officer General Beauregard's staff hold up as a model of a cavalry officer, while if General Beauregard's orders were strictly careied out he would be dropped from the rolls of the army for inefficiency. I will here state that I made strong objections to having General Ferguson transferred to my command, as he was always abusing General Jackson, and I felt he would adopt the same course with me. I feared this particularly, as it is the almost universal custom of neglectful officers to decry their commanders. I gave General Jackson another good brigade in exchange. I am happy to state that the charges against my command for depredations are untrue, and I have proofs in my possession to show that they are untrue. I have made two written applications to General Hardee to appoint a board of officers to investigate the charges, but as yet the board has not been appointed. Colonel Roman, of General Beauregard's staff, is now inspecting my command. It presents a very creditable appearance, considering the rapid marches and privations it has endured. Generals Allen and Humes have been doill during the year, and I have recommended them as most worthy of promotion. As stated in a former letter, my command is stronger now than it was before the campaign commenced last May.

With highest respect, your obedient servant and friend,

J. WHEELER.

