
BULLOCH COUNTY, GA., January 11, 1865 - 5 p. m.

SIR: The enemy have all left Tatnall and have gone back to Savannah. They made two attempts to cross the Cannouchee and failed. From the best information the enemy has all gone to Savannah and intends to make the Ogeechee their picket-line. There is no enemy near here. No other news of importance.

J. W. McCAUS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

RICHMOND, January 11, 1865.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

It is thought best that your headquarters should be at Augusta, heretofore the place at which the conscript service has been administered, and whence the commandant of conscripts has been withdrawn for service in the field. As the point in Georgia now most immediately threatened, your presence and command may serve to collect there a larger number of the reserve forces. You will therefore establish yourself there with all practicable dispatch.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, January 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: During the time of Sherman's advance, the line of communication with department headquarters being cut, I thought it proper to send my communications directly to Richmond. I herewith inclose copies of such communications for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, with the hope that the course taken will meet his approbation.

I have the honor to report that the Live Oak connection has been delayed by the sinking of the temporary work across the Suwanee, but that the bridge is completed, and the road will be finished in twenty days. I have continued the construction of this road in order to save the iron and rolling-stock of the Savannah, Albany and Gulf road to the Confederacy. You will find an explanation of the design in the inclosed letter to General Cooper. *

At a meeting of the directory of the Savannah, Albany and Gulf road they directed the president to take up this road from the Altamaha River to the Live Oak connection, at Lawton, and the laying of this iron from Thomasville to Bainbridge or to Albany. From Thomasville to Bainbridge the road bed, thirty-seven miles long, is graded, and the iron could be laid in three months. The Live Oak road is too near the sea-board, however, to be safe; and if the Florida roads are to be connected with this line a new road should be built from Monticello to Thomasville, twenty-one miles. You will see, also, from the letter to General Cooper, the prosed extension from Quinsy to Appalaga, on the Chattahoochee. This last has been laid before the Secretary of War, by Mr. Hilton, and is also approved by the governor of Florida.

---------------

* See January 2, p. 983.

---------------

