
was broken by the enemy's battery, which is in good range of the works. I will await further orders before sending any order to Captain Kanapaux or Colonel Breckinridge.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.

CAMP FIRST GEORGIA REGULARS,

January 13, 1865.

Captain THOMAS BURDELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fiser's Brigade:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in obedience to a verbal order received yesterday from Major-General McLaws, to make the following report of a reconnaissnce made by myself for a lilne of intrenchment:

The major-general designated two points to me, one to be made the right, the other the left of the line. Between these two points I find that two lines can be obtained: One, about a mile and a quarter in length, runs through the field in front of the Frampton house; on reaching the road crossing the swamp near the Martin house it deflects to a course nearly parallel to the railroad, running in its present course through an old field and following the crest of the hill until it enters the woods again, which it does about half a mile from the point designated by General McLaws as the right of the line. This line I consider, though the longest, as the best adapted for defense; the other line is shorter by a good deal, not being more than three-quarters of a mile in length, but it is very objectionable on account of the very heavy amount of timber to be felled. To perform the work on either line would require about 200 spades, 30 axes, and a force of 500 men. I have to add that as yet I have received no order from brigade or division headquarters assigning me to engineer duty. If I am continued in this service I would respectfully ask that such an order be issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. WYLLY.

[JANUARY 14, 1865. - For Hardee to Davis, reporting operations, see Part, I. p. 1068.]

WILMINGTON, January 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston:

The enemy has resumed his attack on Fort Fisher by large fleet and land force. My troops, now in your department, are much needed - Fiftieth Regiment and Tenth Battalion north Carolina Troops and Shober's regiment of Reserves. The latter cannot be legally kept out of its State after the 20th of January.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CHARLESTON, January 14, 1865.

Major-General McLaws:

If possible, hold on to your position at Pocotaligo. General Walker at the same position defeated a large force with 200 or 300 men. I have

