
FLA.

Battery Gaillard. - Earth-work without embrasures or traverses. In good order. The wood to the left and front of this work also is too near. It is without garrison or guns.

Battery Miles. - Earth-work without embrasures or traverses. It is in good order. Wood to the right and front is not more than 200 yards distant. No garrison and no guns.

Battery Toomer. - Earth-work without embrasures or traverses. It is in good order but without garrison or guns.

Battery Bull. - Earth-work in good order, without embrasures or travers. This is quite a formidable work, but there is a small pine wood to the left and front, less than 100 yards distant. The wood in front also is rather too near. There is no garrison and no guns. There is swamp covered with water along the whole of this line, but most of the water could be let off by the enemy by cutting the cross dams; still the grounds would be boggy and difficult. I would suggest that the wood in front all these batteries, from Battery Maywood to Battery Bull, be immediately cut down, and should time permit that rifle-pits be dug between the batteries.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient serant,

A. BURNET RHETT,

Major and Insp. of Arty., 2nd and 3rd Sub-Military Dists., S. C.

COOSAWHATCHIE, January 14, 1865.

Major-General McLaws:

Enemy have negro pickets in my front this morning where they have heretofore put white men.

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

GREEN POND, January 14, 1865.

General McLaws:

What are the enemy's movements to-day? Have just returned from Combahee Ferry. The enemy advanced in considerable force of infantry about noon to within two miles and a half of the bridge; they have now returned to their former position near Garden's Corners. Answer at Adams'Run.

A. R. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

HORSPA BRIDGE, January 14, 1865 - 6. 15 a. m.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: As I have only 150 men to support my artillery and I may have to fall back, I would suggest that a battery of artillery be placed in the work on the Union road near Dr. J. Gregorie's place. In case it should become necessary for you to evacuate Pocotaligo and fall back, do inform me in time for me to retire by a lower road.

Respectfully,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

