
Colonel Harrison reports that the enemy have negro pickets in front of their line where there were white men before. Pergaps the white troops have been withdrawn to make this present attack. If so, you have but Foster's people against you, and probably not a large force.

I have just been notified by General Wheeler that your three companies over there have been ordered to be relieved. Hope they will come soon.

A full battery and a strong regiment of infantry are on your left on the Union road. I will send word to the officer there to make a demonstration.

GRAHAMVILLE, S. C., January 14, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: If it is practicable I think it would be a good plan for the Government to send a proper officer, one who is unprejudiced, to inspect my command. His report would show to the Government its true condition and correct a great many wrong impressions.

With highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER.

GRAHAMVILLE, January 14, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: I have just been informed that the War Department are about to promote General Ferguson to major-general to command one of my divisions. It is my duty to state that I think this would be very injurious to my command. General Ferguson belonged to General Jackson's command last summer, and according to General Jackson's statement was very inefficient. General Jackson tried to make him do his duty properly, and had him tied before a court-martial for neglect of duty. As General Jackson could not get along with him, it was proposed to transfer him to my command in place of one of my brigades. This I opposed, as I had suffered sufficiently from such characters, but at General Hood's solicitation I finally gave my consent, on condition that Ferguson was not to interfere with my organization. I consequently have kept him detached as much as possible, but have become convinced that my command is very little strengthened by his being with it. In fact, I would have no objection to his leaving with his entire brigade. To promote him, instead of Generals Humes and Allen, my present division commanders, would have a worse effect upon my command than anything I can now think of. It would be rewarding bad conduct and unsoldierly spirit. General Ferguson had, I am informed, 1,700 effective men when he arrived at Rome last year, and when he reported to me his report showed 547 effective men and 3,400 on the rolls, showing a want of care which no command under my orders ever yet exhibited. I have taken measures to get and keep his men in ranks, which is partially successful, and will, I think, finally work good results.

My associations with General Ferguson have always been of the most pleasant character. I mention this to assure you that there is nothing personal in this matter. What is stated in this letter can be substantiated by all the general officers in General Jackson's and my

