
a brigade to Broxton's Bridge, which will reach there, I hope, to-morrow. You must protect the railroad with all your force. I have directed a telegraph office to be opened at Midway. Take charge of Colcock's cavalry and see that it fights. I fear that it did not win any laurels yesterday. Keep constantly in presence of the enemy and inform me of everything important that occurs. Block the roads in front of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' CAVALRY DIVISION,Cypress Creek, January 15, 1865.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have just arrived with my command at Cypress Creek. I was not molested by the enemy en route. My wagon train is already up and camped.

Very respectfully, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Beaver Dam Swamp, January 15, 1865.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

We arrived at this place, which is four miles from Gillisonville and three miles from the forks of the Robertsville and Lawtonville road, about day this morning, leaving a picket from the Kentucky Brigade on the Coosawhatchie road. Nothing from the enemy to-day. We will also picket the road we traveled and the road to Robertsville. If General Anderson leaves Robertsville our camps ought to be as far back as the forks of the road. Forage in this vicintity is very scarce. I will not allow any taken unless by consent of the owners. I think we could get nearer it by moving to the forks of the road, and picket and scout just as well. Captain Kanapaux failed to get to Coosawhatchie last night, and is here with his battery (four guns). Sergeant McDaniel, of Wiggins'battery, is with me also, with two guns. What shall I do with them? McDaniel wants to report to his company, with General Humes. Please inform me at what hour this command will be inspected, so that I can have as many men present as possible. The two guns at Dawson's Bluff were rendered useless and spided, and all the ammunition brought off that could be brought with our limited transportation.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

RICHMOND, VA., January 15, 1865.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

The present condition of affairs in Eastern Georgia requires that General Hardee should be promptly and largely re-enforced. His line

