
RICHMOND, VA., January 19, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD;

General Hill having arrived at Augusta Hardee has been authorized, at his request, to place him on duty there.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, January 19, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

In a telegram addressed to the President some time since you stated that Wheeler's cavalry had been reorganized. It is desirable that the Department should know what is the new organization; how many divisions and how formed. The recommendation for the promotion of Brigadier-General Humes approved and forwarded by you, is now under consideration, but no action can be taken until the information requested is furnished. There are already three major-generals, Wheeler, Martin and Young, credited to this cavalry corps.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 19, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Augusta, Ga.:

Report to General Hardee for duty at Augusta.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S BRIGADE,Broxton's Bridge, January 19, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Division Headquarters:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose an order from General Hardee, relative to sending any troops up to Morris' Ford at present. Colonel Pickett asked me to send you a copy of it. Kanapaux's battery has reported to me. General Hardee directed me to keep it if I needed it; if not, to send it on down do you. At present I do not need it, but as soon as my artillery is put in position I will need it, as I have four crossings to guard, at each of which a battery will be needed. Shall I send it down to you or not? I have partially examined my line as far up as Buford's Bridge. The swamp is quite an obstacle, but by no means do I consider it impassable for infantry. It will require a continuous line of skirmishers between the different crossings to prevent the enemy from flanking our works at the different bridges; this I have not force enough to do. I think inclosed works should be erected at each bridge, in order that they may [be] held in case the enemy cross above or below them until re-enforcements could be brought to the point attacked. This is being done at this point, but at this point, but at neither of the other bridges. Very few hands are at work, and hence the works are progressing slowly. If you can furnish me tools I will put soldiers to work, but think more negroes should be put on the line. No roads are yet cut along the swamp with which we can relieve or communicate with our pickets. I will put soldiers to work at this as soon as the

