
them. Captain Lowry pickets at Daniel Blake's and above. The line is as well guarded as the limited number of my command will admit of. I find that all the corn at or near this point has been contracted for by Major Holcombe, commissary of subsistence, in accordance with the verbal order of the general. I have supplied myself from it. Shall I continue to do so?

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CHURCH,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CONNER'S BRIGADE,January 20, 1865 - 1. 15 p. m.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: At Colonel Kennedy's request I desire to inform the major-general commanding that the enemy have appeared in our front to the left of the railroad. While I am writing they are exchanging shots with our pickets. The colonel does not think it more than a reconnoitering party who are endeavoring to ascertain our force. Every arrangement has been made to meet them at all points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LAWTONVILLE, S. C., January 20, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: Since writing you a few days since ralative to the promotion of General Ferguson, in which letter I gave you some excellent reasons why he should not be promoted, I have learned that he was strongly recommended for promotion by General Beauregard. General Ferguson has never served under General Beauregard as a cavalry officer, and I think General Beauregard has not had opportunity of judging of his fitness for that position. I have just seen General Anderson, who is a friend of General Ferguson, yet, with his friendship, he tells me that it would be very disastrous to the command if General Ferguson is made major-general. He says General Ferguson was insubordinate as a cadet, insubordinate as a lieutenant in the U. S. Army, and insubordinate as a brigadier under General Jackson. I have also had evidences of insubordination since he has been with me, and should he be promoted I think he will certainly prove insubordinate as a division commander. I have had so much trouble with such officers that I most heartily wish to have no more such under my command. If under my command, I wish their influence over as few troops as possible. Besides this, his command is the most undisciplined of any with me. General Anderson also informs me that Ferguson never loses an opportunity to depreciate his commander in the opinion of his command, which is another vital reason why he would be an incumbrance to me or any other commanding officer. Insubordinate officers are the worst enemies our country has to fear. I also learn that General Young has been recommended for promotion for a command here. I hope this is not so. I have officers much more efficient in all respects, and their (Young's and Ferguson's) appointment would decrease the

