
efficiency of this command, which by hard labor I claim to have made the best instructed, best disciplined, and best fighting cavalry in the Confederacy.

The reports you have heard regarding the depredations of my command I am able to prove are, for the most part, basely false. I can also show that no officer in the Confederacy has taken one-half the care I have taken to protect citizens in person and property, and now they are beginning to appreciate my efforts. If you desire more full reasons why the appointments of Generals Young and Ferguson would be detrimental, I would refer to the conditions of their commands, which shows a depletion exceeding any other in my command. Generals Allen and Humes are brave, subordinate, and withal good disciplinarians. While they have been in command of my divisions I have had thus far good success, and not a single reverse. Every reverse I have ever had thus far has been when I was crossed by insubordinate and tricky officers. General Hardee is having my troops inspected, and I would respectfully refer you to the reports of his officers as to their efficiency and discipline. General Hardee is also having reports of their depredations inspected, who will also be able to show what wrong impressions have been made.

The enemy appear to be moving in a direction which would indicate Branchville or Charleston as their destination. My command is somewhat wpread out. A little more than a third is on the Georgia side of the river guarding from the Savannah River to the coast near the mouth of the Altamaha.

With highest respect, your obedient servant and friend,

J. WHEELER.

P. S. - General Robertson is fast recovering, and I hope soon to have him with me. He is brave and efficient, and his brigade under him will be the best in the service. He will soon earn promotion to major-general. He is now more worthy of it than either Generals Young or Ferguson.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 20, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston:

Prisoners taken yesterday and to-day report Seventeenth Corps at Pocotaligo, and Twentieth at Hardeeville.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Lawtonville, January 20, 1865.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Salkehatchie Station:

GENERAL: I did not understand whether the instructions for me to report to you included sending my routine papers through you, or simply designed that I send you reports of the enemy. Will you please inform me on this point. I have also been sending reports direct to General Hardee in addition to reporting to you. Is that necessary whilst reporting to you?

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

