
[JANUARY 20, 1865. - For Wheeler to McLaws, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1118.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Near McTier's, January 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General HUMES,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The enemy in large force are at Pocotaligo Station - two army corps. A prisoner taken to-day reports that the other forces are coming by land from Savannah, and is under the impression that they arrived at Coosawhatchie last night. Up to this time very little cavalry about Pocotaligo. They have not attempted to advance, except a few miles for the purpose of foraging, in which they have been very unsuccessful, as the country is stripped of everything. They always retire at night to the railroad. To-day they advanced a regiment of infantry four or five miles up this road-the Salkehatchie road; they were met and checked by my regiments. I lost one man, and took one prisoner, first lieutenant of Thirty-second Ohio Infantry. He reports that this force was put in position to protect the left flank of an attacking column, which went down to Salkehatchie bridge. Heavy infantry firing has been going on in that direction all day, of which we don't know the results. Citizens who conversed with the enemy during their advance to-day inform me that they were told by the officers that their whole army would advance up this road to-morrow en route for Charleston, after taking which they intended to go on to Richmond. Just below my camp is a very strong position, where I can hold them in check for many hours. I have about 300 men for duty; with 2,000 they could be checked here for several days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' DIVISION,Hickory Hill, January 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Wheeler. Send Harrison's brigade to Colcock, with a section of artillery, immediately. My other brigade will go to where Lewis is situated.

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS IVERSON'S DIVISION,January 20, 1d865.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state all quiet in my immediate front this morning. No report from Lieutenant-Colonel Harris since my last dispatch. General Ferguson has not reported yet. I have Colonel Hawkins across the Ogeechee till his arrival. Fifty-one negroes, picked up at different times within the last three or four days making their way toward the enemy, have been sent to the rear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

