HEADQUARTERS,Altamaha, January 20, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Since writing I have information from a very reliable source that Kilpatrick is camped at the Little Ogeechee, nine miles this side of Savannah; that he has four briadade; that Kilpatrick claims to have 2. 600 men in each, though he thinks this is overrated, and that 1,500 or 2,000 to each is enough. His opinion is that they will move speedily, in a few days; that vigorous preparations are making for an active campaign. He is of opinion that the move will be on Southwest Georgia, and not on Carolina. I do not think it prudent to give the name in a dispatch; but I know the man is true and I have much confidence in his judgment.

Very respectfully,

H. K. McCOY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Augusta, January 20, 1865.

Major General J. WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note of the 18th instant received to-day. There are now no prisoners in the custody of the provost-marshal belonging to your command, all having been forwarded. The city authorities have nofified me that they cannot longer feed the eighty nine confined in the jail, and I have written to General Hardee to know what is to be done with them. General D. H. Hill is here and in command of the country from Branchville to Millen. Please inform me in your next whether you have the key to the last cipher. I may find it necessary to write you some things which ought not to risk capture.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. FRY,

Brigadier-General, &c.

AUGUSTA, January 20, 1865.

(Received 1. 40 o'clock 21st.)

General S. COOPER:

I am here in obedience to your orders. General D. H. Hill is in command by order of General Hardee, and I have nothing to do. Have written you fully by private hands on subject of my duties at Macon.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, January 20, 1865.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Referring to my application for an extencion of leave of absence, which was granted to me in paragraph LI, Special Orders, Numbers 4, current series, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, I have respectfully to request that when the extension shall have expired, or it may be necessary to place me upon duty, that it may not be under the command of General G. T. Beauregard. My reasons for this appli-

