
cation are that that officer has on one occasion at least avowed personal motives of hostility as a reason for interfering with my official position, and I have good reason to fear that his action in reference to myself in other cases has been from similar motives. I have now been in this service since the commencement of this war, much of the time in responsible position. During that time I have seen many juniors promoted over me for reasons which I did not understand and for which I did not inquire. But I respectfully suggest that length of service forms some ground for a claim for immunity from a position where the public service is more than likely to be interfered with by action based on the part of the superior on motives of a personal character.

I do not believe that any service of mine in such position can be beneficial to the public good or our cause, and I therefore earnestly and respectfully renew the request that I may not be ordered to serve under the command of General G. T. Beauregard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Columbia, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Brigadier-General Ripley is active, energetic, intelligent, ambitious, cunning, and fault-finding. He complains of every commanding officer he has served under, and has quarreled (or had difficulties) with almost every one of his immediate subordinate commanders since his promotion to his present rank in 1861. He obeys orders only so far as they suit his purposes, provided, by disobeying them, he does not incur the risk of a court-martial, which, however, he does not much fear, trusting to his intelligence and ability to get clear of the consequences thereof.

I am informed by an officer of my staff that he heard General Ripley say, in January last, at Charleston, that "I'll be d---d if I obey the order sending me to Hood's army," or words to that effect. I therefore must insist on his being made to obey that order and suffer the consequences of having disobeyed it so long (since December 23, 1864). After his trial and asquittal, if acquitted, I will readily approve his application to be transferred to a brigade serving in the field beyond the limits of my command, for I will consider myself fortunate to be rid of such an element of discord.

I recommended General Ripley for promotion when I was in command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida on account of his yeal, activity, and intelligent discharge of his duties during the siege of Charleston, but since that period his habits have become so unreliable (as the papers transmitted by me to the War Department since September last will prove) that I respectfully recall those recommendations until there can be a guarantee that his habits have become more reliable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[Secon indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 21, 1865.

General Ripley has been again ordered to report to General Beauregard.

H. L. C[LAY],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

