
they remained until 10 o'clock last night, returning then to Pocotaligo. General Mower commanded them (from the statement of two prisoners taken) and they numbered, by his calculation, 5,000 men. He affirms positively that only the Seventeenth Corps is at Pocotaligo Station; that one division (a small one) of Foster's troops is at Coosawhatchie. The Fifteenth Corps is at Beaufort. The enemy, he reports, are tearing up the railroad iron between the Salkehatchie River and Pocotaligo Station. He captured hour prisoners. Two of them were turned over to some of our cavalry and two sent to you.

The above information I regard as reliable. I send the information for the perusal of the major-general commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient sevant,

JOHN D. KENNEDY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Kadesh Church, near McTier's, January 21, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy sent up this road (the Salkehatchie) yesterday a regiment of infantry, preceded by small body of cavalry. With my regiment I met and drove back their cavalry and checked their infantry, who retired in the evening. We lost one man killed; none wounded. We captured one prisoner with a scouting party I sent out, a first lieutenant, Webb, of the Thirty-second Ohio Regiment, whom I sent under guard this morning to Lieutenant-General Hardee. He says they have in the main the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps; that Sherman is in Beaufort and the whole force will be over in a few days; that part of Sherman's army is marching from Savannah and thinks part of it has already arrived at Coosawhatchie; thinks Sherman is aiming for Charleston direct. Colonel Harrison, of General Wheeler's cavalry, has arrived to-day with his brigade, numbering about 550 men, and says General Humes is on his way here with his brigade. All quiet in our front this morning. Their movement up this road yesterday was designed, I suppose, to protect the left of the movement on Salkehatchie bridge. Please inform me whether a line of couriers has been established [between] Dubois' Ford and your headquarters. If not, it is very desirable that one be established at once, as it would save some thirty miles courier duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER,

In the Field:

GENERAL: If the section of Maxwell's battery which was with General Iverson is now serving with you on this side of the Savannah, Lieutenant-General Hardee directs that it be sent to rejoin the battery at Adams' Run.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

