
negroes running to the enemy. A scout went yesterday in three miles of Grahamville and saw no enemy; he thinks the enemy picket but a short distance in their front. Reports from near Pocotaligo indicate that the enemy is demonstrating upon Salkkehatchie bridge. General Humes' entire division is now between the Combahee and Coosawhatchie Rivers to oppose the enemy's advance northward. I have instructed him to cut down tres across the road.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

N. B. - Everything reported quiet on the Georgia side of the river. Enemy seems to have discontinued foraging beyond Bryan County.

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 21, 1865.

Colonel O. M. Messick and Lieutenant Colonel John F. Cameron are announced as provost-marshals of this corps, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

M. G. HUDSON,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CHARLESTON, January 22, 1865.

President DAVIS:

I am so impressed with the belief that in the military operations in the next few days in this State the fate of the Confederation is deeply involved, that I am here to urge upon General Hardee the defense of Charleston to the last moment, in the hope that meanwhile re-enforcements will enable us to hold it. I am using all influence with Governor Brown and Governor Vance to keep our States together and each give its help to the other, but confidence is almost lost and hope is to a great extent gone. To restore these and rally the people here and elsewhere there must be a stand-point to which all should look as the place where the purposes and strength of our Government are exhibited. Circumstances have plainly made Charleston and its connections that place. The loss of these, added to our other losses, will spread dismay, and I fear that such a loss will be taken as proof that our cause is without life or hope, and any effectual resistance cannot be prolunged. My intelligence from adjoining States confirms these apprehensions most fully.

Give General Hardee the help with which he can oppose General Sherman and I assure you that the spirit of the people will rise again. Not to sustain him is to confirm the belief that our cause is already lost. In my letter to General Lee, written within a few days, I repeat to you what I have said. It is because I feel the fate of Charleston and of Branchville to a great extent will determine that of other States, and with it the cause of the cConfederation, that I urge the necessity for aid upon you in the most impressive manner. Richmond will hereby fall when Charleston is lost. To retain Richmond until Charleston is lost is to sacrifice both. If Charleston can be saved, and in doing that the means of resistance for the whole Confederation

