
can be preserved, then, although to give succor to Charleston might hasten the fall of Richmond, yet to give that succor without delay is, to me, the obvious policy. God forbid that I should urge you to give up an inch of the soil of Virginia that can be saved; but if it must be inevitably lost, to delay that inevitable necessity at such a cost as to endanger our whole cause, is not to accoplish any good.

In the meanwhile let me again say to you that every hour is now of the last consequence to us.

A. G. MAGRATH.

[JANUARY, 22, 1865. - For Hardee to Cooper, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1069.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Kadesh Church, on the Salkehatchie Road,

January 22, 1865 - Night.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Scouts have just reported to me that they went as far as Sellers' to-day on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, about two miles this side of Salkehatchie bridge, and that as far as sthey could see in eithther direction the railroad track was torn up and the cross-ties piled and burning. This appears to me to indicate the abandonment of Pocotaligo as a base, and that they will attempt to cross the river lower down or fall back to Savannah and move on toward Augusta. They are still picketing in half a mile of Pocotaligo Station, their line of pickets being encountered by my scouts at that distance from that station. I have a ferry established from Weakley's, on this side, to Dubois' on the opposite side of the Salkehatchie, and a boat kept on each side. It is three miles from Dubois' to the line of couriers extending from your headquarters to Broxton's Bridge. If you will direct your communications to me at Kadesh Church via Dubois' Crossing, and order the courier nearest that crossing to take them there, communication can be had between us in one-third the time via Broxton's Bridge.

Please do me the favor to have some one appointed to open the Pocotaligo and Grahamville mails and forward all tetters, &amp;c., for members of my regiment.

Please accept my thanks for several which you have had the kindness to send me. You will further oblige me by sending any letters at Salkehatchie directed to W. D. Gregorie.

Your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CONNER'S BRIGADE,January 22, 1865.

Captain ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I desire to inform the major-general commanding that a working party of the enemy made their appearance about half an hour since, and proceeded to tear up the railroad. I ordered Captain Barnwell to open on them from his gun on the railroad, and after six shots

