
succeeded in dispersing them. Sergeant Paysinger is absent on a scout, in company with Captain Dickert; as soon as he returns I will order him to report to the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. LEWIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Salkehatchie, January 22, 1865.

Major General J. WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I do not consider that I have anything to do with your routine papers, but General Hardee wishes you to report daily to him directly, as well as to myself, all movements of the enemy. I report to General Hardee all important information received from you, and he does the same to me. This is done in order to obtain certain information and to make sure that both are informed. General Hardee, I think, was under the impression that your reports of the movements of the enemy were to be sent via Midway or Branchville, so that if this line should fail from any cause there would be a chance to be informed by the other. The enemy are tearing up the railroad and burning and twisting the iron between the Salkehatchie and Pocotaligo. The Seventeenth Army Corps is at Pocotaligo, fortifying; so it is said. A demonstration was made to cross the river on the 20th, but it amounted to nothing. A small division of Foster's is at Coosawhatchie. A prisoner taken on the other side reports that some of the Fifteenth Army Corps have come over from Beaufort, but no prisoners have been taken from that corps.

I am, general, very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Lawtonville, January 22, 1865.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Commanding Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: I can hear of no movement of the enemy to-day; scouts report considerable force near Hardeeville; they also report the enemy clearing the road of the obstructions placed in the road by our forces. I regret that the dispatches did not go directly through. I have directed General Humes to have the line thoroughly inspected and ascertain where the difficulty is. Please accept my thanks for the newspapers.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,January 22, 1865.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: A scout has just returned from Gillistonville and states that the enemy is in force at or near Pocotaligo (could not learn whose corps). Their advance picket is in four miles of Gillisonville; base

