
picket at a bridge, supposed Coosawhatchie bridge; but little cavalry at Pocotaligo. All scouts, if any considerable numbers, are composed of infantry. This information derived from citizen who had been to Pocotaligo yesterday to take the oath. No news from toward Grahamville or Robertsville.

Respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

MACON, January 23, 1865.

President DAVIS:

I have ordered out the reserve militia, over fifty years of age, who are at home, and the whole patrol force of the State, to arrest and send forward deserters and stragglers.

JOS. E. BROWN.

AUGUSTA, GA., January 23, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

Our need of artillery officers, men, and harness, is very urgent. We have twelve 6-pounders, four 3-inch rifles, two 20 and two 10-pounder Parrotts, but no men or horses or harness. If you could send me a chief of artillery and some artillery officers I would try to extemporize three or four batteries and man them from the hospitals. I have adopted the line of Big Horse Creek for the defense of the north side. It is a fair line for temporary defense, but can be turned by way of Graniteville. The negroes come in slowly; the engineers are fearfully slow and the work makes no progress. If broken through on this line, should we cross the river or make toward Edgefield Court-House? It is important to know your views to make a system of defense accordingly. If I can muster but twenty men I expecto to make fight, but contingencies should be provided for. I think it probale that the rains may make Sherman slope suddenly to the south side of Savannah.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S BRIGADE,Broxton's Bridge, S. C., January 23, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report through you to the general commanding the result of a recommaissance made of the lines covered by my command on the Big Salkehatchie River, reaching from Dubois' Landing to Buford's Bridge. The crossing ways come in rotation as follows: Dubois' Landing (a foot log), Toby's Bluff, Roberts' Ford, Broxton's Bridge, Rivers' Brigade, Buford's Bridge, the swamp varying from ten paces to half a mile to the run of the river on the east side. The river in most places is swimming. The swamp is soft but not boggy; could with some difficulty be penetrated by horsemen in many places; in many places footmen can cross by felling timber, which is

