
very thick. The swamp is low and upon an average about 1,200 yards wide. At this time it is almost entirely inundated. In many places other currents than the main stream are running several feet deep. There are blind paths which would be difficult to find except through guides between all the above points. The water covering the swamp is generally shallow - say from six to eighteen inches deep. During dry seasons the river might be easily crossed at almost any point.

Respectfully,

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

[JANUARY 23, 1865. - For Wheeler to McLaws, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1118.]

AUGUSTA, GA., January 23, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The freshet makes me somewhat apprehensive of a gunboat raid upon Augusta. Have you sharpshooters upon the river? I had ordered a detachment from Colonel Anderson's regiment to Shell Bluff for the purpose, but as he appeared adverse to the separation of his command I have sent a local company down. I know nothing of its efficiency. I am glad to learn that you are blockading the roads. As delay is everything to us I hope that you will prosecute the work with vigor. Too much of it cannot be done.

With grat respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' DIVISION,Hictory Hill, S. C., January 23, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The position of my brigades is within five miles of Pocotaligo, and in three or four days the supply of rations and forage will be exhausted in that vicinity and cannot be obtained within twenty-five or thirty miles. A desire instructions for that exigency. Let me ask that you will impress upon Captain Norton, corps quartermaster, how very needy my command are of clothing, and I would inquire why the insufficient supply expected from Augusta has not reached me. All is quiet in my front, as reported by my brigade commanders this morning.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, January 23, 1865.

Colonel M. W. HANNON,

Commanding Brigade, Iverson's Division:

COLONEL: I have just learned from Lieutenant Beck, on Augusta road, that two gun-boats have landed near the mouth of Ebenezer

