
tion to repair Georgia Railroad. We have no authority over Georgia militia. Call on Governor Brown or on General Cobb for details from Reserves, &amp;c.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S BRIGADE,In the Field, Broxton's Bridge, January 24, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inquire if the major-general desires me to send troops to Buford's Bridge to replace Cumming's command and First Georgia Reserves, ordered to this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Kadesh Church, January 24, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Affairs at the front remain unchanged since my last communication. The enemy has been quiet since the tearing up of the railroad track and has made no demonstration in the last two days. His pickets, however, are still in half a mile of Pocotaligo Station, but posted so near together (seventy-five yards apart) that my scouts have been unable to penetrate within their picket-lines. A division of General Wheeler's cavalry, under General Humes, is very near me, whose orders are aid to be to support me, but they decline doing any picket duty. As they have eaten out the country around here, and my transportation has been very much reduced by a number of wagons taken by Captain Lovelace, of General Conner's infantry brigade, it will be necessary for me to fall back some ten miles from my present position (in order to subsist my command), which will throw me fifteen miles from my picket base. Under these circumstances I would respectfully suggest that either my regiment or a portion of General Humes' division be sent to a position where we can subsist our troops and be more useful to the Government.

Please inform the general that immediately on the reception of his letter in regard to Captain Hanckel's wagons I sent Captain Peeples, Company K, Third South Carolina Cavalry, to carry out the instructions of the general's letter, and have haeard that yesterday sixteen of the wagons passed Broxton's Bridge on their way to the general's quartermaster. I understand that he had to go all the way to Augusta, but have heard nothing from him officially as yet.

Your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

66 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

