
JANUARY 24, 1865 - 7 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: A telegram from Lieutenant-General Hardee placed the cavalry in this district temporarily under my command. This seems to me the only arangement that can be made. If I am to be held responsible for the defense of Augusta, the troops directly defending it ought, of course, be under the responsible commander. As I understand it, Generals Iverson and Ferguson still belong to your division, and their routine papers, rolls, &amp;c., pass through you, but while detached are subject to my orders. I hope that your engineers press matters better than mine. The blockading of the road below and getting a strong line which Sherman cannot break through is of infinite importance.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Stafford's Cross-Roads, S. C., January 24, 1865 - 9. 02 p. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Hinkle, of the Kentucky Brigade, has just returned from a scout. He found the enemy two miles this side of Gillisonville; he thinks about a regiment of infantry. He drove in their advance picket, and found they had log breast-works some fifty yards on the left of the road. He could not see how long upon the right. He saw no cavalry at all, no smoke or camp, and thinks they had just come out there. Major Austin, in charge of detail, began blockading the road about three-quarters of a mile this side of their breast-works, and is at work to-night with fity men. We will continue it to morrow. The lieutenant thinks it impossible for them to move up this road with a train, on account of the water (which is all over the country), for several days. A scout from my brigade this morning went to Beaver Dam without hearing of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,January 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General IVERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: A dispatch from General Wheeler, just received, informs me that the Yankees are burning the railroad about Pocotaligo. This means a change of base, and most likely to this side of the river. It is of the utmost importance that you should delay the Yankees as long as possible, that we may be able to send you re-enforcements, and that we may remove the cotton from the city. I wish you to blockade, effectually, all the roads as low down as possible, especially the roads which turn Brier Creek. Press forward the work with the utmost expedition. There is no time to be lost.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General, Commanding.

