HEADQUARTERS TENNESSEE CAVALRY BRIGADE,January 24, 1865.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. ELDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

LIEUTENANT: Lieutenant Wall, of the First Tennessee, who went in charge of the scout this morning in the direction of Pocotaligo, has just returned with three prisoners that he caught beyond McPhersonville at the "swamp," which is two miles this side of Pocotaligo. These prisoners say that they belong to Major-General Mower's division; that they were detailed at division headquarters as a guard, and were outside of the pickets with a wagon getting wood for the general's quarters when captured. They also report the other two divisions (Major-General Leggett's and Belknap's) of the Seventeenth Corps (Frank Blair's) at Pocotaligo; also that General Frank Blair's headquarters are one mile and a half beyond Pocotaligo Station. They also say that they do not know where Kilpatrick's cavalry is; that they left it near Savannah, and know of no mounted troops in this State except a portion of the Seventh Illionois Mounte Infanatry, which is camped with the Seventeenth Corps; that they left the Fifteenth Corps at Beaufort and the Fourteenth and Twentieth in Savannah.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

G. W. McKENZIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 25, 1865.

General BEAUREGARD:

Enemy made a demonstration on Little Britain Island yesterday. Re-enforcements for Charleston are needed immediately. Send me, if possible, 3,000 men at once. All quiet on the Combahee. I will keep you fully advised.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 25, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Mobile, Ala.:

Lee's corps, now passing through, is destitute of clothing. I shall order all to be had here to be issued to them. Cheatham is, I learn, in like condition. I will telegraph to General Lawton to make provision for them at Augusta. General Ripley's leave has been revoked and he is ordered here.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, January 25, 1865. (Received 27th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

We are proceeding to execute orders in relation [to] slaves. Delay occasioned by several causes, chiefly by supposed difficulty of State action, which I do not think exists. I have been in field for several months.

JAS. CHESNUT, Jr.

