
more raids west of the Ogeechee. It was thought if the enemy did make the raid which General McCoy feared, the object would be to liberate the prisoners at Andersonville. I think the enemy will not send any cavalry westward. Scouts from near Pocotaligo report that the Seventeenth and part of the Fifteenth Corps were near that place and the ramainder of the Fifteenth at Beaufort. The [enemy send] scouts daily a few miles [sic] Grahamville and Gillisonville, but I hear of no farther advance. I have the roads so thoroughly blockaded that it is difficult for my scouts to get through to see the enemy.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, Ga., January 25, 1865.

Colonel M. W. HANNON:

COLONEL: Since my report yesterday evening scouts came in and report the enemy on the move. They were on Middle Ground and McCall roads, eight miles from here. Lieutenant Ward's scouts captured one. The enemy were moving in direction of Middle Ground road. The captured was infantry. We see a camp-fire about seven miles from here. I am confident we will see them early in the morning. From all information it is the Fourteenth Army Corps moving in direction of Sister's Ferry; some say to Augusta.

Respectfully,

R. F. DAVIS,

Captain, Commanding Line.

CHARLESTON, January 26, 1865.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

An order received to-day from General S. Cooper directs return to North Carolina of the Fiftieth Regiment and Tenth Battalion. They are almost the only regular troops holding line of the Combahee; the remainder, Reserves, are much dissatisfied at being detained out of their own States. The withdrawal might cause the loss of that line and result in great [sic].

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President. I have directed the order to be [sic].

JAMES A. SEDDON.

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, GA., January 26, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston:

Letters and dispatches from Richmond are very urgent in regard to forwarding supplies to that point. Major Macon, of the tithe department, reports that stragglers from the cavalry, local cavalry companies, and recruiting camps for broken-down horses are absorbing very largely

