
ordered out a party to go down and begin work. When you cross over destroy the bridge effectually and hold the crossings at all hazards. Let me know your line of retreat, and keep me constantly posted in regard to all movements. Organize an efficient corps of scouts and put them under an officer who is not afraid. I don't want to know what citizens say, but what scouts see. We must not be deceived by false information.

I cannot use too strong language in urging upon you the importance of delaying the enemy by fighting them. If you but draw a line of battle every mile you will compel him to do the same, and thus give us time, which is everything to our success. I once heard General Jackson say that with one regiment he would engage to keep any force marching on one orad from advancing more than five miles per day. If you divide your command and hold each road you can check the Yankees until our forces come up. Augusta depends upon this delay.

Yours, truly and respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

P. S. - Don't let it be known to citizens that re-enforcements are coming up.

MONTGOMERY, January 27, 1865.

(Received 6. 40.)

General S. COOPER:

If General Hardde's telegram of the 9th instant refers to condition and conduct of Wheeler's cavalry while in Georgia he is positively misinformed, as is proven by communication to these headquarters.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[JANUARY 27, 1865. - For Hardee to Cooper, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1069.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Hill directed to hold, subject to your orders, 3,000 effectives, provided enemy is not advanced on Augusta.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 22. Richmond, Va., January 27, 1865. 						* * * * * * *

XLVI. The Fiftieth Regiment and Tenth Battalion North Carolina Volunteers will remain on duty in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida until further orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

