HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Near Broxton's Bridge, January 28, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: in accordance with instructions I have the honor to report that I have arrived at this place, with the detachment of my regiment now under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, January 28, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER:

Major General Wade Hampton has reported for duty. What command do you recommend for him? General Hardee thinks of giving him Bulter's and Iverson's division.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., January 28, 1865-5 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: I agree with you fully that the Yankees will not, in all probability, make an advance upon this side without a simultaneous movement upon your side. But General Iverson retier so very precipitately and so far that they may be temped to seize the crossing of Brier Creek to-day. I sent him a peremptory order not to do so, but to delay the Yankees on the other side by fighting them. With determined men in their front the Yankees cannot advance more than five miles per day. Delay is now everything to us, as we are hourly looking for troops from the West. If you are in communication with Iverson please impress upon him the great imporance of checking the Yankees. This falling back without a fight ought to be stopped; it will ruin the bravest men in the word and make them timid. Nothing heard from Iverson to-day.

Very respectfully and truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[JANUARY 28, 1865. -For Wheeler to McLaws (three dispatches), relating to operations, see Part I, p. 1119.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,January 28, 1865-5. 15 p. m.

General IVERSON

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: We have heard nothing from you since 8 a. m. yesterday morning. It is important that you should keep us continually posed as to the movements of the Yankees. Get bold scoults who are not afraid and send them out. I don't want to know what citizens say,

