
will leave here to-morrow, or at fartherst Wednesday. Should anything exciting occur will come down at once. Please keep me apprised of all changes. There is a courier-line from here to Green's Cut, and there ought to ge one from there to Iverson' headquarters. His jump of forty miles retreat is the event of the war.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, Ga., January 29, 1865.

General G. W. SMITH:

GENERAL: Your note by Major Williford nas been received. In regard to your want of transportation I have only to plead myabsence and belief that you and General Fry had arranged that matter. I have sent an order through you appoining Captain Philip Lewis brigade quatermaster pf all the transportation on Brier Creek. As I learn that Iverson has a surplusage of wagons, and as you are in charge of the front you cant appropriate as many as you need. In regard to your being in a pocket, the line of Brier Creek was selected by General Beauregard and not by myself. You were sent to the lower crossings for two reasons. First, that on other troops were on hand to be sent to those points; and second, that the Western troops might be kept in hand to be thrown across to Hardee's assistance in accordance with Beauregard's direction. I can't see how any other disposition could be made. Mine hundred men under Colonel Coltrat have been sent up to Green's Cut with orders to report to you. When there are men enough on the line to hold it Iverson ought to be thrown across the creek to guard our right flank and the telegraph line.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

JANUARY 29, 1865.

General McLEWIS:

SIR: I found it impossible to cross the river below the railroad, so I came back and crossed the same night at the old bridge with a party detailed to burn in. Yesterday and last night I went to Mc Phersonville and as far so the Coosawhatchie Swamps and find that the enemy still front us as they did a week ago. They moved up with a large force on the leading from Pocotaligo to our pontoon bridge on Thursday last, carried a quantity of pontoons with them, apparently intending to cross, but from high water they returner to their old camps near Poctaligo about midnight of the same day, and there they are yet. I, with party (save the bearer of his), will remain on this side of the river and watch their movements and report promptly.

T. M. PAYSINGER,

Sergeant.

AUGUSTA, GA., January 29, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I heard last night from General Iverson. He wrote from Brannon's Bridge on Brier Creek. He had come back at a single

67 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

