
bound from below Springfield to Brier Creek. How is the enemy to be delayed by such operations? How are we to get information of his movements? I have known nothing in the war so remarkable as this movement. Surely it is the duty of the cavalry to delay and harass the enemy, and if this be not done the most serious disasters may and, in fact, must occur.

With grat respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, Ga., January 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General IVERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday, hour not named, has just been received. Please name the hour in all dispatches. Your precipitate retirement under the belief of your being pressed by overwhelming numbers has led to much embarrasssment. No ground ought to have been lost without being disputed, as delay is everything to us. Major-General Smithh has gone down to Brier Creek and has been ordered to assume command until I go to the front. Veteran troops will soon be in position on that line and then you must be thrown across the creek on our right flank. You must now guard the telegraph line by Millen; it is the only communication with the west and sout. You must keep scouts on the river watch it. The flag of truce was a mere Yankee trick. I have always forbiden its reception unless coming from the commanding general. The Yankees wished to find out who was in command. The engineers with negro force have been sent to the lower crossings. The fortifications must be according to their views.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Augusta, January 29, 1865.

Major General J. WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 28th just received. From all we can learn we are somewhat puzzled to know what Sherman is about. The movement on this side does not develop itself. Part of Lee's crops arrived to-day and the remainder reported on the way. General Hill has returned from Brier Creek, but will probably go down again soon. General Beauregard will be here in there or four days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. FRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FERGUNSON'S BRIGADE,Mount Vernon, Montgomery County, Ga., January 29, 1865.

First Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor respectfully to report that in pursuance of and obedience to paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 9, from corps headquarters, dated Geahmville, S. C., January 13, 1865, I moved my brigade from Robertsville to Augusta; thence to this point, via Page ley's Bridge on Brier Creek, Fenn's Bridge over the Ogeechee, and Long's Bridge on Williamson's Swamps Creek. This was the only

