
route at all practicable, in conseguence of the recent heavy rains and the swollen condition of every river and creek in this portion of the State. It has been very difficult to produce forage and subsistence. On reaching this point, represented by the people above to be abundant, I have been able to get a half ration of corn. Beyond this place in the direction of the Gulf road and toward Savannah there is nothing. The accounts from my scouts and intelligent citizen agree that I cannot subsist on day in any portion of this territory. The Yankees have taken everything from the country between the Ohoopee and Atlamaha Rivers and Savannah, extending their foraging expeditions along the Ogeechee to the center of Bulloch Country.

Scout report Lieutenant-Colonel Harris at Nail's Ferry, and General McCoy at railroad bridge; both on the other side of the Altamaha River. There is one company of State militia at Walthourville. This disposition of the troops must have been necessitated by the entire want of forage or subsistence between the Ogeechee and Altamaha sout and est of line before mentinoed as, from all accounts, the small company at Walhourville will not be able to subsist where it is.

Finding it impossible to subsist my command or forage my horses along or near the line of operations stated in Special Orders, Numbers 9, I have determimned to move, and will move across the Onconee at Dublin and camp on Turkey Creek, where I can remain several days, until I can hear from you. I will put myself in communication with the troops sout of me, and sout the desolate country between this point and Savannah, so that I may be able to ascertain speedily the movement of the enemy and pursue all raiding parties moving west. I omitted to say there is no crossing of the Atlamaha below this place at present on account of high water. Citizen report that the railroad below is being torn up to build the road from Thomasville to Albany.

Awaiting further orders, I have the honor to be, very respctflly, your obedient servant.

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 30, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUEAGARD,

Montgomery, Ala.:

General Gilmer reports railroads from Milledgeville to Mayfield could not possibly be finished under four or five months, much of it not being garded, and work very heavy. All means at command had batter be directed to completion of connection from West Point to Atlanta.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 30, 1865-3 p. m.

Colonel GEIRGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

(Care General Cob, Macon, Ga.)

The following, addressed to the general, just received:

MERIDAN, January 30, 1865.

Sherman's movements render a victory necessary to us at once and it will require all our means to insure it. I can resist a raid without Stewvart's corps and cannot fight a battle with it against an army; and French's division is very weak, but will

