HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S BRIGADE,Broxton's Bridge, January 31, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The following not from Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, commanding Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, has just been received:
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY,January 30, 1865-12 m.

COLONEL: My scounts returned from rear of the enemy and report a large encampment of the enemy, consising of infantry, artillery, and cavalry near the junction of Salkehatchie and old Union roads. Their encampment indicates a large force from two miles and a half to three miles long. Their artillery and wagons are distinctly heard, also drums by our pickets. They are still bustily engaged in repairing McTier's Bridge. I have other scouts yet in their rear.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

I ascertained accurately that a heavy column of the enemy has passed up the river road, and in my opinion will number about 15,000. They have with them artilley, wagons, and Mackinaw boats. Camped on the night of the 30th about nine miles south of Pocotaligo on said road. A prisoner in the commissary department reports that they have 30 days' rations of bacon and crackers and 200 cattle to each division. A train of empty wagons went back to Pocotaligo on the evening of the 30th, and prisoners said were going to the boat landing for clothing. Prisoners report that the column advancing up the river consists of the Seventeenth Corps, one division of the Fifteenth Corps, and Foster's command, and that they left at Pocotaligo three divisions of the Fifteenth Corps. They had a large wagon train heavily loaded.

SALKEHATCHIE, January 31, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant ADjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Sergeant Paysinger, who came in this morning, makes the above report. He captured 5 Yankees and 2 negroes. He further states that the three division of the Fifteenth Corps are encamped on the railroad three miles from this place. The enemy have not shown themselves in force in my front. All quiet.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

E. T. STACKHOUSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Conner's Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,January 31, 1865-4. 15 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I would like to have your viwes in regard to the position of the troops arriving. Two brigades have reached here and have been sent down to line of Brier Creek. I am inclined to think that one corps ought to be to you, and one kept on line of Brier Creek until the

