
movement is fully developed. It seems now to me that an attempt will be made to break through between There Runs and Salkehatchie. If you can delay the rascals a week all with be right.

Very trully, &amp;c.,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[JANUARY 31, 1865. -For Wheeler to McLaws, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1121.]
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' DIVISION,Hickory Hill, January 31, 1865.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: It is now evident that the enemy are going Broxton's Bridge, up the Salkehatchie road. The force is infantry, artillery, and cavalry, I think the Seventeenth and Fifteenth Corps, or at least one of those corps. Colonel Paul Anderson and C olonel Colcock are on that road, the latter as far back as Whippy Swamp, which is prepared for blockading. Colonel Colcock is ordered to fall back to Broxton's Bridge from Whippy Swamp when forced by the enemy. I have ordered Colonel Anderson to retire in the direction of Crocketteville as he completes the blockading and as forced by the enemy. General Wheeler ordered me to collect my division at Hickory Hill, which I have done, except Anderson's regiment. This morning I received a note from Colonel George Harrison, at Broxton's Bridge, addressed to Colonel Anderson and requesting him to delay the enemy as much as possible in order that they might complete their works at Broxton's Bridge. I would concentrate a brigade, a least, with Colonel Anderson but for the order of General Wheeler to collect my command here. Not knowing what may be the necessity for my command to join General Wheeler, I will keep it here for further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.

DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS,

January 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General IVERSON, Comanding Cavalry, &c.:

GENERAL: A telegram from Lieutenant-General Hardee places all the cavalry in this district under my command. You will continue as heretofore to communicate information to General Wheeler; what it is important for him to know. I wish you to have a courier-line established to the nearest telegraphic station, and report, in practicable, daily; at all events, to communicate all movements and changes in you front. I send down my aide, Lieutenant Trenholm, to get you returns, statements of artillery, 7c. If compelled to fall back, dispute obstinately the crossing of Brier Creek and keep its headwaters well watched against a flank movement. Have preparations made at all the bridges for burning then. I think that the lower bridges ought to be throughly destroyed now. Let me know the position of your whole command. If your have no men on the river place some there with orders to prevent the ascent of gun-boats. See that your system of scouts is efficient. Those men often loiter about the country, or worse,

