
command, yesterday morning to endeavor to cross about three miles above the bridge and get in rear of the force stationed there. He reached the river without difficulty, finding no pickets on either side. During dry weather the river is fordable, and in this way General Mower expected to cross, but the recent rains had so swollen the stream that he found it impossible to get over without boats. He was therefore obliged to return. In order to protect General Mower's rear I sent in the morning to the forks of the road, about six miles from here, two regiments from the Fourth Division. They took up a position covering the roads as soon as General Mower had passed. During the morning they were attacked by a force of cavalry, supposed to be one South Carolina regiment. After a lively skirmish they repulsed them, leaving three rebels dead on the field and as many wounded. Our loss was 1 captured and 1 wounded. I am convinced that if General Mower had had the means of crossing he would at least have captured their Artillery.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

P. S. - General mower thinks that he withdrew without the enemy being aware of his presence.

F. P. B.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Beaufort, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Major-General BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: I shall be at Pocotaligo myself shortly, and until I arrive I would prefer that you remain there. General Sherman particularly requested me not to reconnoiter beyond the Salkehatchie, and I am glad that General Mower did not cross the river.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, January 21, 1865.

General KILPATRICK:

Move in conformity with General Davis' column, letting him get one day's start of you. The advance of his column is about seven miles from the city, stuck fast in the mud. This will delay your moving till Monday morning at best.

L. M. DAYTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 7. Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

The command and charge of the city of Savannah and dependencies having, by the order of Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, been assigned to me as a portion of the Department of the South, I hereby assume command thereof.

