
attempt a crossing below the Little Salkehatchie it will be below the pontoon bridge, pretty certainly south of the mounth of Black Creek. We now have an infantry picket near Root's house. About fifty additional men are now on duty north of the pontoon bridge. This morning I moved a battalion on infantry and two pieces of artillery, Books' battery, to Doctor Kean's house, but after examining the swamp I ordered them back to their old camps. Captain Brooks was with me in making the examination. Captain Brooks has not yet crossed the Little Salkehatchie to look for position for artillery at Dubois' Landing. Colonel Kennedy has returned. I refer the matters to him. The enemy made a show of crossing yesterday, just below pontoon bridge. The only developed a battalion or regiment of sharpshooters with a heavy working party. We drove them away withh artillry and small-arms. I lost one man killed. Cannot estimate the damage to the enemy. Our scout report McTrier's Creek above the Salkehatchie.

I am, general, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

E. T. STACKHOUSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SALKEHATCHIE BRIDGE,February 1, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch of 1. 15 a. m. just received. All quit here this morning. Yesterday afternoon the enemy moved a battalion down to the landing just below pontoon bridge, about 600 yards; deployed and moved down to edge of the river. They had a large working party with axes in the rear. We opened on them with artillery and infantry and drove them off. Our loss was one killed. Lieutenant-Colonel Staskhouse is still in command. He has gone to the right to examine the points indicated in General McLaws' note. Will keep you advised of any movement.

Very respectfully, yours

C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The enemy are picketing in front of the Second Regiment between the country and railroads.
HEADQUARTERS BROXTON'S BRIDGE,February 1, 1865.

General HUMES,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I wish you to cross Whippy Swamp as soon as possible and put yourself in front of the enemy, opposing his advance whenever practicable, reporting constantly the position of the enemy, and your own. Colonel Colcock; s cavalry will be under your orders until the special instructions which accompany this are carried out.

Very respectfully,

L. MCLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Should you hear of the enemy crossing the Salkehatchie you will cross also and retard his advance.

L. MCLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

