HEADQUARTERS HUME'S DIVISION CAVALRY,February 1, 1865.

Major-General MCLAWS,

Commanding Broxton's Bridge:

GENERAL: The enemy are pushing a column of cavalry rapidly up the Augusta road, running up thhe east bank of thhe Coosawhatchie. They are now three miles above McBride's Bridge. This is the reason why I did not retire toward Broxton's Bridge.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Lawtonville, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Captain POWELL,,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

We have not a word from the enemy. Our pickets were ordered to scout well out at daylight. Captain Hubbard in down in vicinity of Gillisonville, and should have reported before this, but has not. Colonel Mclemore informs me he neglected to instruct out to where we are blockading the roads. Should I learn anything, will report it.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DEBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL: In examining the country between Charleston and Savannah, and the South Carolina Railroad from Jacksonboroguh to Pocotaligo, on the fromer, and from Ridgeville to Branchville and midway on the latter, one cannot but be struck with the facilities offered to an enemy threatening the South Carolina Railroad by the direcness with which the southern part of the Edisto, the Salkehatchie, or Combahee, and the Ashepoo Rivers run from one to the other of these railroads.

An enemy marching on this section from the sea toward the South Carolina Railroad would have fine direct roads, and his progress would not be delayed by any of the swamps with which the country seems to be filled were not that the uppoer portion of the Edisto runs in an almost easterly direction until turned sharply toward the south by a marl bluff at Gioham's Ferry, thus affording a fine line defense, some six or eight miles from the railroad and parallel to it. If would be of the highest importance for an officer operating in this country to note well the difference of effort in moving to or from an enemmy directly up or down the country, or across it from east to west or from west to east. In the latter case swamps and causeways would be of constant occurrence; in the former case he would meet note. An enemy, for instance, who should march up the right bank of the Combahee, and then try to cross the headwarters of Salkehatchie going east, would find the first part of the road perfectly free from natural difficulties and the last part of it so full of them as to be impracticable, if any opposition wa march. The same is true of all of this country, excepting the pone barren portion of it north of Walterborough, which is perfectly open, except here and there a gall

