
AUGUSTA, Ga., February 2, 1865.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

General Taylor reports that a victory over Sherman is essential, and that he can resist a raid without Stewart's corps and cannot fight a battle with it against an army; that French's division is sufficient to fully garrison Mobile and Choctaw Bluff, and proposes to send balance of corps here. I have accordingly ordered it here, with a battalion of artillery.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, Va., February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

Brigadier General William M. Browne, of my staff, an officer of the Provisional Army, should not be assigned to duty under militia officers unless under imperative necessity.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

AUGUSTA, February 2, 1865.

(Received 12. 30 o'clock.)

General S. COOPER:

Nothing new to report respecting movements of the enemy, except that he may attempt to cross the Salkehatchie, seven miles above N [sic.] road bridge. The Twentieth Corps at Robertsville; the Fourteenth Corps still crossing at Sister's Ferry.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

AUGUSTA, February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

I have concluded to send Stevenson's forces to Branchvill to-morrow. Can you furnish him with artillery?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 2, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I learn from friends at the South that nothing but the restoration of General Johnoston to the command of the Army of Tennessee will restore that army to organization, morale, and efficiency. This is my own opinion also. I hope, therefore, that you will not think it improper in me to beg that this may be one of your first acts as commander-in-chief. If I were not satisfied in my own mind that this was essential to the preservation of that army, I should not volunteer an opinion upon a matter beyond my proper sphere. I have served under General Johnston, and, so far so I am capable of judging, I am

