
This district of the department will be designated the District of Savannah, and will embrace the city of Savannah, with its forts, lines of defense and communication, Fort Pulaski, and the islands and country adjacent, to the extent of the military control of the garrison.

Bvt. Major General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Savannah.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 8. Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General R. Saxton, having been assigned by the Major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, in Special Field Orders, Numbers 15, current series, dated, "In the field, Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865," to the duties of providing for the well being of the negroes, and their location upon the plantations, as "inspector of settlements and plantations," is hereby announced as such, and will be respected accordingly.

District commanders are hereby directed to afford the necessary military protection, in accordance with the above-named special field orders, copies of which are furnished.

The limits of the districts, within which this protection is to be afforded, are defined as follows:

The commandant of the Northern District, to settlements in on the islands and coast, as far south as the North Edisto River.

The commandant of the District of Beaufort, from the North Edisto River to Broad River.

The commandant of the District of Hilton Head, to the islands lying between Broad and the Savannah Rivers.

The commandant of the District of Savannah, to the settlements from Saint Mary's Sound, southward to Jupiter Inlet, including those upon the Saint John's River.

The points at which the negro settlers will have the opportunity of supplying their necessary wants and selling the products of their lands and labor, as prescribed in the above-mentioned special field orders, will be Hilton Head, S. C., Fernandina, Fla., and such other points as may hereafter be designated.

Brigadier General E. E. Potter will relieve Brigadier-General Saxton of the military command of the District of Beaufort, which is hereby enlarged to include the intrenched camp near Pocotaligo, S. C.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER DETACH. 32nd U. S. COLORED TROOPS,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

SIR: The Major-general commanding directs that you rejoin your regiment immediately with your command and with the camp equip-

