
move at once, as the enemy is but a short distance below; will probably drive you in by daylight. It is of the utmost importance that the river should be picketed below Buford's. There are no pickets for four miles below that point. You will oblige by sending me a reply to Colonel Hardy's headquarters at Buford's Bridge, fetting me know when you will be up, as I wish to communicate with the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

MALLORY P. KING,

Adjutant and Inspector General, McLwas' Division.
HEADQUARTERS HANNON'S BRIGADE,February 2, 1865-7 p. m.

Captain LAWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I returned from the front after attacking the enemy's scouts at three points. I killed 1, captured 11, and wounded several. Killed 2 horses and captured 10 mules, with arms and equipments. Prisoners say they belong to Kilpatrick's cavalry, and that the Nineteenth Corps, command by Sheridan, is in Savannah. They also state that they are only crossing their poineer corps for the purpose of causewaying the road to the highland.

Respectfully,

M. W. HANNON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 2, 1865.

Major EDWARD WILLIS,

Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: General Beaurgard desires that, as soon as the troops of the Army of Tennessee shall have passed, its transportation now en route to this point shall be placed on the cars and hurried forward. Major Molloy, commissary of subsistance, has been directed to collect at Abbeville, S. C., ten days' rations for 15,000 men; at Washington, Ga., five days' rations for 10,000 men; at Columboa, S. C., thirty days' rations for 20,000 men, and at Augusta, Ga., ten day's rations for 15,000 men. You will supply the necessary transportaion for the supplies before mentioned to the jpoints indicated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 2, 1865.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It is the desire of General Beauregard that you render to these quarterters, with as little delay as practicable, a statement exhibiting the number of troops of Lee's corps that have arrived here and the number that are yet to come. An approximation will answer in the absence of correct returns.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General,

