
from Colonel Hardy's left, one mile and half below here, and extend until he strickes Colonel Colcock or Lieutenant-Colonel Barker's right, as the case may be. If Colonel Colcock is to be relieved before the rest of General Humes' command comes up please let me know. Colonel Anderson reports the enemy firing as his vedettes one mile aaand a half below here at daylight. The vedettes were vithrewn. Colonel Anderson will send over a scout; will report as soon as it returns. Our pickets are still on the other side of the causeway. The swamp here is about three-quarters of a mile wide, very thick, but hard bottom, and water not deep. As soon as I can hear of General Humes will inform you.

Very respectfully,

MALLORY P. KING,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS SHALKEHATCHIE BRIDGE,February 3, 1865.

Captain ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: A Mrs. New came over the river late yesterday evening and reports that all of the enemy opposite my right moved off yesterday morning, the larger body on the road to Broxton's Bridge, the other on the Augusta road. She reports no enemy in my front on the McPhersonville side of the railroad. Dickert and Paysinger will report fully this evining. I expected to hear something from you yesterday relative to movements in General McLaws' front. Don't fail to keep me fully advised of your every movement, so that I can know what to do. My position is perfectly untenable, if you have to leave, yours, and useless. I have written fully to General Hardee for general instructions as to my line of policy in case of any of your position, as to my co-operation with troops, line of retreat, should, it become necessary, and other matters pertinent to the exigencies of the situation. As to my line, I can hold it. I would be pleased to have an expression of opinion from General McLaws, which would be of service in the absence of a replay to my communication to General Hardee. Relative to publishing the nammes of Dickert and Paysinger, as suggested by the general, would it not be imprudent? I send their names.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J D. KENNEDY,

Colonel, Commanding.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 3, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Green's Cut, Ga.:

General Beauregard desires that you will send at once the brigade of Lee's corps now with you to this place by rail, to report to General Stevenson.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

