HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 3, 1865.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Lee's Corps:

GENERAL: General Beauregard desires that you will fortwih move with your corps, by rail, to Branchville and assume command at that place of all troops which may be there. You will carry with you four days' cooked rations. On reaching Branchville you will open communication with Lieutenant-General Hardee, at Charleston, and inform him of your arrival. You will report in person to General Beauregard and receive instructions from him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, February 3, 1865.

Major MOSES,

Commissary of Subsistence, Planter's Hotel:

MAJOR: I am instructed to advice you that Major F. Molloy, commis sary of subsistance, has been directed to colledt without delay at Abbeville, S. C., ten days' rations for 15,000 men; at Washington, ga., five days' rations for 10,000 men; at Columbia, S. C., thirty days' rations for 20,000 men, and at Augusta, Ga., ten days' rations for 15,000 men, and to ask that you afford him every facility within your power to accomplish this result.

Respsctfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMIGTON, February 3, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond:

The newspapers report an act passed and approved repaling the law under which my personal staff was appointed. I beg that they be

commissioned in the Adjutnt-General's Department and ordered to me. I would prefer seeing you in person on this and other matters, but do not feel authorizes to leave here in the present condition of affairs. The enemy has one iron-clad monitor and some fifteen other armed vessls in the river, and is reconnoitering and buoying out the channel up to Fost Anderson. Our defenses are improving, but we are greatly in need of heavy guns.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WILMINGTON, February 3, 1865.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Richmond:

Have telegraphed the President, which I hope will arrange matters. My absence from here now could only be justified by orders.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

