
age of the regiment. General Saxton will send a steamer to Seabrook for your command. You will hold your men in readiness to embark with rations, &amp;c., and see that you are immediately informed of the arrival of the steamer.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THORNDIKE D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your reports of the 12th and 13th instant, giving information in regard to the enemy's force, operations, and garrisons, and of the operations in your own district. I am directed by the Major-general commanding to state that all such information is very valuable to him, and he requests that you will keep him fully posted from time to time on all such information. Active operations will soon take place in your district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,January 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General R. SAXTON,

Commanding District of Beaufort:

GENERAL: The general commanding has granted your request. The detachment of the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, with camp equipage, has been ordered to hold itself in readiness to embark on the steamer at Seabrook and rejoin its regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THORNDIKE D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division, Deveaux's Neck:

GENERAL: I have the orders of General Sherman to establish an intrenched camp at or near Pocotaligo, to cover the roads to Port Royal Ferry and also to the head of Broad River. This camp is to be a position where there can be room for 5,000 men to maneuver and fight, but capable of being held by from 500 to 1,000 men in a citadel or small field work. It is also to be such a position as to enable troops to debouch from it in various directions for operations in the country when desirable. It strikes me that the fort at Pocotaligo is just the position desired, and that its present condition gives us to the advantage of having a work constructed to our hands. I have sent Captain

