
to-morrow. If movements of enemy cause you to think otherwise, communicate promptly with all railroad stations. Drive all cattle before you that is possible. Edstablish a courier line to Blackville.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

AUGUSTA, February 4, 1865-7. 30 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have been absent three days, but your dispatches have been received by General B [eauregard]. I have urged your re-enforcement. You seem to have done all that you could to check thhe scoundrels. God bless you and grive you great success. Oh, for one week's delay.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 4, 1865-3. 40 a. m.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT:

I have the honor to state that one of Captain Shannon's scouts has just reported to me that he went to-night about 12 o'clock a mile beyond Bostick's house on the road by which we fell back to-day, and that he saw no signs of any enemy. As he saw no camp-fires, he is confidnet there are non this side of Duck Creek. The commanding officer of the Tenth Confederate Cavalry, which is on picket two miles this side of the cross-roads, near Bostrick's, informed this scout as he returned that he heard drums very distincly on his immediate left. Scouts have gone over in that direction, but have not reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 4, 1865-8. 40 a. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that your dispatch dated 11. 30 p. m. February 3, 1865, was dropped on the road by the courier by whom it was sent, and was picked up by one of Colonel Dibrell's men, and was sent to me by Colonel Dibrell this morning. It reached me at 8. 15 a. m. I have ordered General Anderson to move back and occupy the works erected by Captain Steele, and have directed Colonel Hagan to move at once to Morri's Ford. Colonel Dibrell opened the dispatch when it was found, and learning its contents, moved at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General.

