
CHARLESTON, February 6, 1865.

(Received 9 o'clock 7th.)

General S. COOPER:

Your dispatch of 5th inquiring why the cotton in Savannah was not destroyed before evacuation of the city id received. The cotton was distributed throughut the city in cellars, garrets, and warehouses, where it could not have been burnt without destroying the city. It had not been sent off by railroad previus to the cutting of the road, and because railroad transportation was monopolized for removal of ordnance, commissary, and other important Government stores. Fromthe cutting of the road to the evacuation of the city-twelve days-every man was required to work on the lines, and every wagon, dray, and cart that could be impressed was needed to keep the ytroops in a line twelve miles long supplied with ordnance and commissary stores. Not a man nor a woman could have been spared to collect the cotton in a place where it could have been burnt.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 6, 1865-8 a. m.

Major General G. W. SMITH,

Allen's Station:

Browne's men will not answer of the work contemplated, for reasons which I will give you privately. If you are willing to relieve Hazzard's men at Shell Bluff you will find the order inclosed authorizing the company there (Captain Allen's I think) tho return here. The courier lost a dispatch last night from Iverson between Allen's Station and this point. It may have been an imporatantone. I wish you to open all dispatches coming to me at Allen's Station. Inclosed is the authority for the same. If Captain Cooper is with your I think you had better have works thrown up on the two crossings from Green's Cut and on the railroad. The lost dispatch has just been found. Iverson reports Nineteenth Corps, Sheridan's, at Numbers 2, and Kilpatrick near Springfield.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 6, 1865-7. 30 a. m.

Colonel C. C. CREWS,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Do you watch the approaches to Augusta from the direction of Branchville? The Yankees last night were moving toward Blackville. It is important that you cover the approaches in that direction and notify us. I am placing troops on Big Horse Creek. At present Colonel Cumming is there in vcommand near the bridge. You should send a note to him as well as to me in case of an advace this way. As I understand it, you are to guard all the approaches to the city, so that we may not be surprised, and that you will delay with all your power an advance of the Rankees. Put a pass on the back of your letter for the courier.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

70 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

