
AUGUSTA, GA., February 6, 1865-9. 15 p. m.

Colonel CREWS:

Wheeler is to-night between Graham's and Blackville. He will probably retire upon augusta. Keep me constantly appraised of what is going on in your front. I hope that you have active and vigilant scouts If not in communication with Wheeler you must judge for yourself the proper time for retiring, recollecting, however, the importance of preventing an advance in your direction.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General,
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Branchville, S. C., February 6, 1865-4. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day, declining to place the transportation to secure the crossing of the Congaree at my command, is received. kThe river below Columbia cannot be crossed except at the railroad bridge, and it is not and cannot now be made practicable, even for infantry. In my opinion, the safety of the command may depend upon that crossing, the enemy having a shorter line, by twenty miles, to Columbia by other router; and I respectfully ask again that you place the proper means therefor at my disposal.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General,
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS

Branchville, S. C., February 6, 1865.

General DEAS, or

COMMANDING OFFICER AT BINNAKER'S BRIDGE:

GENERAL: It is probable that the enemy will strike the railroad to-day, and you must have your scouts well out in front, so as to give yourself ample time to destroy the bridge before they reach the river.

C. L. STEVENSON,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

Branchville, S. C., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General DEAS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday, informing the major-general commanding of your ability to subsist your command on the country, has been received. He directs me to inform you that aColonel Johnson, commanding Stovall's brigade, has been ordered to Binnaker's Bridge, and Colonel Carter is on the road to join you. As soon as either of these brigades reach you you will xommence moving up the river to Holman's Bridge, and when Colonel Johnson arrives you will move your whole division to Holman's Bridge and the bridge above, leaving Colonel Johnson whereyou noware, with all the instructions you may think proper to give him. You must keep scouts out and communicte with the cavalry. It is probable that it will cross at these points. He

