
of Three LRuns, if you could there the batter check the Yankees. However, should they turn the position by the railroad, your fagety requires its abandonment. At all events you must keep between them and Augusta. There will be a strong infantry force at Big Horse Creek to-day. When you are compelled to cross it, report in advance to the commanding officer there. Colonel Cumming is in immediate command at the bridge and Beach Island road.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General IVERSON:

GENERAL: General B [eauregard] directs that you turn over your forage wagons as directed, and concentrate your command at Rea's Bridge. You will so dispose of your men as to protect the line of telegraph to Millen. You will effectually destroy Brannon's Bridge. You will still keep scouts and pickets as near Sister's Ferry as possible, and ascertain all that you can in regard to the movements, plans, and strength of the Yankees. I duplicate an order to your ordering General Ferguston's moving withut delay to this place. If Colonel Harris is on the other side of the Ogeechee you can order Colonel Hawkins to join you, and may do so in any event, provided you think that his command is not essential on Taylor's Creek, and in that county. You must move promptly to Rae's Bridge. Duplicate the order to General Ferguson and be sure that he gets it. Acknowledge receipt of this.

D. H. HILL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 7, 1865.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

SIR: Great activity prevails in the enemy's lines about New Berne, and he is industriously engaged in repairing the railroad toward Kinston and collecting supplies, especially forage. These indications clearly point to a movement toward the State capital. I will keep you advised of all that we learn on the subject, but sufficent is known now to justify me in asking you to urge forward the organization of your State forces and to have them in hand ready to aid us the moment the movement is developed. Goldsborough will be the point for our concentration and we must be in time to meet the enemy east of the railroad. General Grant has been to Beaufort and New aBerne recentrly, no doubt to initiate this movement.

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

WILMINGTON, February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

General Grant visited his troops iin this State last week. Great activity now prevails at Beaufort and New Berne. Troops are arriving,

