
supplies are accumulating, and heavy working parties are repairing the railroad toward Goldsborough. Operations in that quarter may soon be expected.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 7, 1865.

Liut. Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton, artillery, has furnished me with a copy of his report of inspections made here, in which it is stated that the guns at Batteries Davis and Lee do not bear upon the obstructions in the river, and that those at Batteries Campbell and Meares do not command them. This is an error, as will appear from the report of Brigadier-General Hebert, chef engineer, a copy of which is inclosed. Lieutenent-Colonel PLemberton supposed there was only one line of obstructions, whereas there are two, one the upper, visible, the other sunken. The inclosed copy of the report of Lieutenent-Colonel Oladowski, chief ordanence officer, will show the condition of the armament of these works, hastily put in order after the fall of Fort lFisher. *

I have the honor to be, colonel, vbery respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE CHEF ENGINEER,

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Wilmington, February 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistatnt Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have to-daay made an examination of the batteries at the obstructions of the Cape Fear Riv er, below the town of Wilmington, with a view to ascertain how far the several gun s in the batteries command the obstructions. I took the batteries one after the other, commencing with the nearest to town, and in the following notes I number the guns from right to left. The repost is made in connection with the inspection report of Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Pemberton, of which you have furnished me a copy.

BATTERY DAVIS.

First, one 24-pounder, long, not banded, rifled; second, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; third, one 24-pounder, smooth-bore. These three guns bear on both the upper and lower obstructions, and also on the lowe mouth of Brunswick River. LThere are in this battery three empty gun chambers.

BATTERY LEE.

First, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; second, one single'banded rifled 32-pounder. Both guns in this battery bear on the upper and lower obstructions, and on the lower end of Brunswick River.

---------------

* For "Chart of the obstructions in the Cape Fear and Brunswick Rivers, and batteries commanding them," see Plate LXVIII, Map 7of the Atlas.

---------------

