
BATTERY CAMPBELL.

First, one 30-pounder Parrott on the right of the battery, which will be mounted by to-morrow, if not to-day. It will bear upon the upper and lower obstructions and mouth of Brunswic]k River. It will be our best gun to keep the enemy at long range below the lower obstructions. Second, one 9-inch Dahlgren on navy carriage. Bears fully on lower obstructions and on lower mouth of Brunswick River, and can be brought to bear on upper obstructions to one-half the river Cape Rear. Third, one 9-ich Dahlgren on navy carriage. Bears fully on lower obstructions and lower mouth of Brunswick River. Can be brought to bear on the upper obstructions to one-half of the river Cape Fear. Fourth, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer. Bears on lower obstructions and lower mouth of Brunswick River. Can be brrought to bear by cutting down end of right traverse to one-half river at upper obstructions. Fifth, one long smooth-bore 32-pounder. Bears on lower obstructions and lower mourh of Brunswick River. This gun cannot be brought to bear on upper obstructions. On the immediate left of Battery Campbell, and nearer the river, a sunken battery is now being constructed, in which it is intended to mount two wmooth-bore 24-pounders, which were dismounted from Battery Campbell lately and replaced by the two 9-inch Dahlgrens. When this sunken battery is placed, the two guns will bear on the lower obstructions and on the Brunswick River mouth. The one on the right will also bear on upper obstructions. One carriage and chassis will be wanted for one of the wvo guns.

BATTERY MEARES.

First, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; second, one long smooth-bore 32-pounder; third, one 9-inch Dahlgren on navy carriage; fourth, one single-banded 32-pounder, rifled; fifth, one 24-pounder, rifled, not banded, m and lately dismounted to make roon for the rifled 32-pounder. The mounted guns bear on the lower obstructions and the mouth of Brunswick River, but cannot be made to bear on the upper obstructions. On the right of Battery Lee about fifty yards is a work which chlosed on the ouytside and two patforms built over them for barbette guns. There are no gus there now. I respectfully suggest that two guns be taken from the land line of Wilmikngton and placed in the battery. There are on the land line of Wilmington twelve 32-pounders and six 24-pounders, all smooth-bores.

Respestfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ORDNANCE OFFICE,Wilmington, February 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assitstant Adjutant-General, Wilmington, N. C.:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from headquarters of this department, I inspected the armament of Fort Anderson, and have the honor to report that it consists of nine 32-pounder guns on barbette carriages, front pintle, wooden traverse corcles. They are: Two rifled, unbanded; two oldest pattern of the United States, which kind of guns were condemned by U. S. inspectors previous to year 1860, and five

