
of pattern of 1840. Below the fort is a work armed with one 32-pounder gun of oldest pattern, as deseribed (two of them in the fort). The projectiles for these guns aro 913 shot, 708 shell, 39 grape, and 106 canistershit, with sufficient supply of projecting charges, making 170 rounds for each gun. The implements are in a state to serve the guns in conformity with their number of ammunition. In consequence of angmenting garrison by troops from Forts Caswell, &amp;c., the supply of small-arm ammunition was insufficient, but it was forwarded immediately fom ordnance depot at Wilmington. On my inspection of batteries to defend the river obstructions, I found them as follows:

BATTERY MEARES.

Armament. - One 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; one 32-pounder smooth bore, and one 24-pounder rifle, on indifferent barbette carriages, front pintle, wooden traverse circles. POrojectiles for 8-inch - 62 shell, 32 spherical case-shot, 48 shell, unstrapped, 10grape-shot. For 32-pounder - 32 shell, 189 shot, 27 grape, and 48 canister-shot. Fort 24-pounder, rifled - 125 shell, 28 shot. Cartridges-100

8-pound, 76 6- pound, 1. 100 pounds cannon powder.

BATTERY CAMPBELL.

Armament. - One 8-inch light navy shell gun; two 24-pounder smoothbores; one 32-pounder smooth-bore, on indifferent barbette carriages, front pintles, wooden circles. Ammunition for 8-ing - 50 shel; for 24-pounder - 24 shell, 189 shot; for 32-pounder - 69 shell. As the metal of armament of these batteries was insufficient to obtain the expected results, I was instructed to procure from the Navy Department such guns as could be spared. Commander Pinckney, being applied to, ordered to turn over three 9-inch Dahlgrens, one 6-inch banded and one 30-pounder Parrott, with requisite implaments, as far as could be obtained in emergency, as the supplies not necessary for immediate service in navy and army ordnance department were ordered to be sent to interior, and consequently the necessary articles cannot be procured immediately. The 9-inch Dahlgrens being used only by navy, could not be mounted in so short a time. It was impossible to mount them on other than navy guns carriages, but the application was made to the commanding officer at Fayetteville arsenal for suitable barbette carriages, one of which is received and sent to Fort Meares, and two others will be forwarded as soon as possible. In consequence of the above changes the btteries are at present armed:

BATTERY MEARES.

Armament. - One 6-inch, rifled, banded; one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; one 9-inch Dahlgren, and one 32-pounder smooth-bore.

BATTERY CAMPBELL.

Armament. - Two 9-inch Dahlgrens; one 8-inch navy light shell gun, and one 32-pounder smooth-bore. Few yards to this battery is constructed a detached work containing one 30-pounder Parrott gun, erected in object to have a long range down the river. The ammunition for these batteries is 100 rounds to each gun. The implements are not as sufficient as should be expected, but can render good service until the orhers can be received, every effort being made to obtain them. Above these batteries and close to the obstructions in the river

