
are constructed two more batteries, and as their armament is considered to ansewer the purpose, and the heavier caliber could not be procured in short time, it remained unchanged and consists as follows:

BATTERY LEE.

Armament. - One 32-pounder, rifled, banded, on barbette; one 8-inch navy light shell gun, on casement carriage. Ammunition for 8-inch - 88 shell, 28 incendiary shell, 10 spherical case-shot, 17 grape, and 10 canisiter-shot. For 32-pounder rifle-111 shell, 155 shot. Cartidges- 66 8-ppound, 154 6-pound, and 900 pounds powder (cannon). The implementss in tolerably good order.

BATTERY DAVIS.

Armament. - One 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; one 24-pounder, rifled, unbanded, and one 24-pounder, smooth-bore. Ammunition for 8-inch - 47 shot, 36 spherical case-shot, 51 sholl filled, and 75 shell not filled. For 24-pounder rifled - 167 shell; for 24-pounder smooth bore -201 shell, 73 shot, 24 canister-shot. Cartridges -371 8-pound, 472 6-pound, 202 4-pound, and 600 pounds cannon powder. The implements, as usual, not in very good preservation. The traverse circles, with the exception of one gun, whose carriage was received from fayetteville, are made of wood. The ordnance department having no money, I was instructed to apply to the engineer department for usual iron traverse circles, but no result of my application is as yet obtained. The 8-inch guns, being chambered and of light construction, cannot be used to throw solid shot. I respectfully request that instructions be given to the commanding officers of these batteries to the effect that only hollow projectiles and grape or canister shot be used. LConcerning the implements of the batteries, I am informed by Major Sloan, commanding officer of ordnance depot at Wilmington, that not long since those defenses were completely furnished. I know by my own observation that the commanders of batteries in many instances (especially where they are often changed) pay alittle attention to preservation of supplies. I should respectfully submit to your consideration that some means may be devised to preserve and husband the articles issued. Airng ammunition, sheltering implements from rain and sun would greatly add to their efficience and preservation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief Ordanance Officer, Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 7, 1865.

Brigadier General LOUIS HEBERT,

Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: The commanding general has received your note of to-day giving the results of Captain Liernur's examinaztion of landing and roads on the east bank of the Cape Fear, and directs that the work therein proposed be exceted with all possible dispatch. Major-General Hoke will receive a copy of your note from this office, with instructions to furnish the necessary guard for his depot.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

