HDQRS. SECOND AND THIRD MILITARY DISTRUCTS,DEPT. OF SOURT CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

Charleston, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Colonel RHETT:

It is reported to me that there is still a good deal of property on the wreek of the steamer Rattlesnake, and that much of that saved has been secreted by the men, andthat already some has been brought to town. I wish you to send working parties, under responsible officers, to secure all the property and as much of the machinery, and especially brass and copper, as possible, and have it placed under guard. You will turn over to the commissary, Major Robertson, all the subsistence stores, and to the quartermaster all other property, and they will have it brought up to the city. The owners agree to pay one-third salvage in king, which will be allotted after the property reaches the city. I wish you to send out parties to search for and seize all property taken from the wreck found in the hands of unauthorized persons, Major Bulkley, chef commissary, will leave here tis evening, and I desire you to give him all assistance and aid in visiting the wreck and making arrangements for the securing and removing of the commissary stores.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

GUIGNARD'S BRIDGE, S. C., February 8, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: I inclose you recommendations that I have made for promotions to major-general, simply to let you know they have been made. General Hardee has recommended General Young for that position, to command a division of my troops, and General Beauregard has recommended General Ferguson for same position. General Hardee, as well as every one connected with this command, knows the impropriety of appointing General Ferguson, and I think it would do harm to appoint General Young, as I have better officers, and it would be great injustice to overlook them and appoint officers from other commands. I think the most proper appointments will be Humes, Allen, and Robertson for major-generals; or if Robvertson is thought to young, you might substitute Dibrell. He is a most excellent officer upon the field.

You can hardly find a better or more reliable man. All four are brave, officient, and subordinate, and can be thoroughly relied upon. I only ask their appointments to temporary rank, so that the Department may at any time return them to their old grades. I hope no more assignments will be made, as they do harm, dispirit our officers, and nearly all have proved bad. The enemy struck the railroad yesterday at noon. I had been retlarlding them for twenty-two days, during which they marched less than sixty miles. Sherman's force, exclusive of cavalry, is not less than 45. 000. I will send on an organization of his forces to you in a few days. I have made it up myself from the statements of prisoners. I think it is nearly correct, though it is not quite full. My command is in good spirits, and as full as it has been at any time during the last year. I find, to my surprise, that the Department thought I commanded all the cavalry of the Army of Tennessee last summer. It was not so. I only commanded half, while Jackson commanded the other half. I had nothing to do with him

