
whatever. Officers from the Army of Tennessee say the wish in the army is for either you or General Johnston to command them. General Deas told me the sentiment was about equal for ewther. The army is in bad plight and needs something to cheer them up.

With highest regards, your obedient servant and friend,

J. WHEELER.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 8, 1865-4. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst, Adjt. General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that I have established my headquarters at Kitchen's house, about a mile and a half from Pine Log Bridge. I have a regiment fortified at the bridge with a fortified picket and scouts in front. Are there any further instructions for Colonel Crews' and Colonel Hagan's brugades?

Very respectfully, yur obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 8, 1865-7. 20 p. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENENT: I have the honor to state Lieutenant Shamblin, of the Twelfth Alabama Cavalry, has jus reached here and reports that the enemy came upon Colonel Hag]an avbout 4 p. m. to-day about two miles west of Williston and made one general charge upon him and swept over him. Lieutenannt Shamblin took to the woods before reaching Windsor, but heard firing afterward above Windsor. He thinks that it was the whole of Kilpatrick's force. From Lieutenant Shamblin's account and his estimate of the force of the enemy I fear that many of the men were captured. I have, besides placing a regiment to defend Pine Log Bridge, sent seventy-five men to Scott's Bridge, above this, and have directed the courierline to cross the river at Cook's Bridge, eight miles above Pine Log Bridge. I have heard nothing further from Colonel Crews.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Orangeburg, February 8, 1865.

General HAMPTON or BUTLER,

Columbia, S. C.:

I will start for you this morning, by dirt road. Wheaton's bettery of artillery. Have you any forces on the direct road from Columbia to the Augusta railroad? Will you operate in that direction? Please keep me advised of your movements. Is there a sufficient guard at Columbia?

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

