
and as much beyond as you possibly can defend. Secondly. Prepare for landing and forwarding, either from New Berne or Beaufort, principally from Beaufort, supplies for 70,000 men and 40,000 animals. (These supplies are to come from here in transports). The wharves at Beaufort must be put in order, and all the facilities for landing supplies made perfect. Accurate information must also be obtained of the extent of railroad between Batchelder's Creek and Kinston, which it will be necessary to rebuild. Also the condition of the bridge over the Trent at Kinston. Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, of General Sherman's Army, will be sent up to ascertain all the wants of the railroad, rolling-stock, construction, &amp;c. General McCallum, the railroad constructor, is here and at the proper time will be there ready for immediate work. What I want I to know from you is, exactly what is wanted, so that it may be provided and brought there at the moment for operations. The object is not to divulge the important fact that a new base is to be made at that point until the last moment. I want also to know how much of the railroad from Beaufort to Goldsborough you can protect after General Sherman has reached Goldsborough, and the exact force you can concentrate for this or any other purpose. Of course no movement of any description will be made until you received order from General Sherman or myself. General Sherman will probably be at Goldsborough, or in communication with you, by the 22nd of February. The greatest secrecy must be observed by yourself to prevent the enemy ascertaining the fact that General Sherman will draw his supplies over the railroad to Goldsborough. If they penetrate the secret they will, of course, destroy the railroad. You will divulge the information contained in this confidential letter to no one, but make all the preparations ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. H. TERRY, or

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Wilmington, N. C.:

The District of North Carolina having been added to my department by the honorable Secretary of War, at the request of Major-General Sherman, in order to facilitate concentration of resources to supply his army while marching inland, I inclose to you the following confidential instructions, which you will carry out if you are to remain there, and if you are removed you will turn over to your successor, with the proper cautions as to secrecy. I may not be present at the time for action, in which case you will depend upon instructions from Brigadier-General Hatch or General Sherman's direct. General Sherman, as you will see from general orders inclosed,* has entire command of this as well as the department forming the Military Division of the Mississippi.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 13, January 15, p. 52.

---------------

8 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

