HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 8, 1865.

General B. BRAGG:

Can the Second LSouth Carolina Cavalry be spared for defense of South Carolina?

R. E. LEE.

WILMINGTON, February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

Our sugnal officer opposite Fort Fisher reports the enemy landing troops there yesterday from transports. He estimates 1. 200 after 12 o'clock, when his first observation was made.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WILMINGTON, February 8, 1865.

Major-General HOKE,

Sugar Loaf:

Only communication with Georgia now is by Columbia, Abbeville, and thence across country to Athens. Do yu think it advisable to advice will control, as you know temper of troops.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUGAR LOAF, February 8, 1865.

Colonel ANDERSON:

I do not think it advisable to grant furloughs to visit Georgia at present. I will withhold them until we hear further.

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 8, 1865.

Major General R. F. HOKE,

Sugar Loaf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate for you guidance the following instructions from the scommanding general: First. The utmost vugilance must be observed in the frint on both sides of sthe river to secure tumely notice of any movement. Our pickets should be always in sight of the enemy, and a close and unremitting observation should be kept up. Second. The arrival or departure of troops or their transfer from one point to another should be promptly reported. Third. Communication with the enemy by our people should be prevented as far as possible, and all parties, especially negroes, going or returning to or from their lines should be arrested. Fourth. All supplies in the country subject to the enemy's incursions should be promptly removed to our lines. Fifth. Reconnoiterins and working parties of the enemy shoiuld be captured. Sixth. An attempt by the gun-boats to pass Fort Anderson must be resisted by all means in our power, but should they succeed we must be prepared to move also. A mere passage of a few gun-boats,

