
FORT ANDERSON, February 8, 1865-12 midnight.

Colonel ANDERSON:

The report of the Yankees landing has proved without foundation.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel ANDERSON:

Commanding officer Fort Branch reports enemy re-enforcing at Plymouth with eight gun-boats and 4,000 men. Scout saw the gun-boats Destination reported Fort Branch and Edwards Ferry. This probably the force I had driven from Colerain. All scouts report movement on foot at New Berne. Re-enforcements have not yet arrived there, but arrangements must be made for the defense of the district.

Respectfully,

L. S. BAKER,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Commanding Post, Macon, Ga.:

Direct Colonel A. P. Mason on his arrival at Macon to stop the books and records of Army of Tennessee at that point. Colonel Mason left here yesterday morning.

By command of General Beauregard:

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 9, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 1, headquarteres Confederate Army, announciing General Robert E. Lee as assumimg command of the military forces of the Confederate States, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 1226.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, February 9, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Augusta:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directs me to embody in a letter of instructions his views in relation to the operations of the troops in and about Augusta. First. The infantry troops, as they shall arrive, will take up position along the line of Big Horse Creek. When it shall be ascertained that the enemy has no real desiign on Augusta, Cheatham's corps will move on Columbia, unless in meanwhile otherwese ordered. Stewart's corps will also follow Cheatham, if his presence should not be required here. Second. the artillery of Lee's corps will, on its arrival, move toward Columbia to effect a junction with its command. The other battalions of artillery will move with their resective commands. Palmer's battalion will report to Major-General Hill for orders on its arrival. Third. Ferguson's brigade will at once march to this place and cross the Savannah and aiid, in connection with Crews and Hagan, in covering Augusta. II verson will concentrate on Brier Creek, keeping his scouts and pickets well to the front. Fourth. The forces

