
of Major General G. W. Smith will move to Augusta, and if his troops (Georgia militia) will cross the Savannah he will also take up position on the line of the Big Horse Creek. Fiifth. Crews'brigade will be withdrawn to Upper Three Mile Run and, should he be pressed, will fall back to Hollow Creek, and, should it become necessary, will retire on the infantry on Big Horse Creek. He will keep constantly his left in communication with Wheeler's right. Sixth. It is not the enemy is in superior force and contemplates an attack on the city, the troops will retire westwardly, with a view of covering Camak and the Mayfield and Washington Branch roads. Seventh. All military stores not necessary to be kept in depot for the immediate use of the troops should be sent to convenient and safe depors west of Augusta. Eighth. When it becomes evident that the enemy is in force and designs an attack on the city all cotton, tobacco, and other stores likely to prove useful to the enemy and to fall into their hands will be destroyed. Niinth. You will in time withdraw the naval detail at the Shell Bluff Battery. Tenth. When the troops shall have passed through Augusta Major-General Hill will proceed to the headquarteers of General Beauregard for assignment to some appropriate command of the forces in the field.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 9, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

Have telegraphed General Mackall to stop books and records of Army of Tennessee at Macon, but fear your dispatch came too late.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART,

Augusta, Ga.:

Lieutenant Malcolm Morse telegraphs to Captain Gale from Meridian to-day as follows:

Arrived here yesterday with eighteen couriers, in accordance with orders sent me through Major Lauderdale. Being without wagons and money, I will wait for orders at demopolis, there being no forage here.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 9, 1865.

General Ferguson is directed by General Beauregard to proceed without delay to Augusta, Ga., and report with his briigade to the district commander.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

