
ORANGEBURG, February 9, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

General HARDEE,

Charleston:

Wheeler reports a skirmish with the enemy at Johnson's Station, and that infantry and cavalry are in his front. He is at Guignard's or Davis' Bridge. Their infantry skirmished with us slightly to-day at Holman's and Biinnaker's brdges. With that exception all quiet aloong the line. Prisoners report infantry and artillery (Twentieth Corps) on the Holman and Duncan's Bridge road. The Fifteenth Corps near Branchville; am making every effort through scouts and citizens to ascertain their intentions.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

ORANGEBURG, February 9, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Generals HARDEE and MCLAWS:

The enemy has effected a crosing of the river between Binnaker's and Cannon's Bridges; in what number not stated. I will concentrate the forces at those fords and fight them in them swamp.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Orangeburg, February 9, 1865.

Colonel JOHNSON,

Commanding, Binnaker's:

COLONEL: I have ordered a brigade from Palmer's to re-enforce you to-night. Ascertain as soon as possible if the enemy are in force and advise me. Dislodge him if possible to do so. This effort must be made quickly to be successful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

GEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S DIVISION,

Ten Miles of Orangeburg, February 9, 1865-12. 30 m.

General STEVENSON,

Orangeburg:

GENERAL: Your dispatch ordering to ascertain the enemy's force and dislodge him be the assistance of Palmer's brigade, met the troops of this division, under command of Colonel Johnson, six miles from the bridge which they were defending on the direct road to Orangeburg and the troops in confusion. Colonel Johnson is intoxicated. At the request of the different regimental commanders, I assume command of the troops until further orders from you. I shall continue moving slowly toward Orangeburg, for the folowing reasons: The enemy has crossed in considerable force, and sonce dark has driven back the skirmishers, and the command was ordered on the retreat with some confusion and haste. The enemy is still pursuing and in some force have gone above, taking the left hand near the river. Also Generals Deas and Palmer have been notified of the retreat and will govern them-

