
selves and regulate their movements accordingly. Captain Whitehead, assistant adjutant-general, has not been seen on the retreat, and Major Hull, of Sixty-sixth Georgia, was killed.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. C. GORDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

GUIGNARD'S BRIDGE, S. C., February 9, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquartters Armies of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I inclose copies of a number of orders issued to it. I now have positive proofs that the many and grave charges made against my command are basely false. I also have certificates from most of the citizens in neighborgoods where my command has been for some time past, saying they have no complaiints whatever to make against my troops, and that no troops, not even those raised in their own neighborhood, ever treated them so well. I mention hese things to show you how basely my command has been calumniated. I regret to say that my superior officers, with their staff officers, instead of defending me, have joined in the denunciations against my command, and thus enable the true culprits to escape detection. Notwithstanding all this trouble, the thing must work out right in the end. I have learned to wait patiently for things thus to work out.

With the highest regards, your obedient servant and friend,

J. WHEELER.

GUIIGNARD'S BRIDGE, S. C., February 9, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: A few days since I forwarded to the War Department recommendations from the majority of the superrior offiicers of my command, including all the diviisiion and briigade commanders, that my system of cavalry tactics be adopted by the Department. I could doubtless have obtained the recommendation of every officer in the command, but I did not desire to ask them. You will recollect that General Johnston ordered it to be used in the Army of tennessee, and it is now used by all the cavalry of this department. My object in asking the Department to adopt it is, that I see that some system is to be adopted by it, and it would derange our system very much if any other system were adopted. Besides, the publishers inform me they could sell it at half the price if addopeprtment, which is a great object to my officers and men.

With highest regards, your obedient servant and friend,

J. WHEELER.

ORANGEBURG, S. C., February 9, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am here with instrucctions from General Hardee for you, and hoping to meet a staff officer from you to-night. Understanding from General Stevenson that you moved with most of your force on yesterday toward Augusta, I write by courier. General Hardee's

