
instructions are that you send a force of 1,000 meant to report to General McLaws at Branchville, to cover a retrograde movement of his force, if driven back from the Edisto. He also desiires that you have a similar force in such position as to cover a retrograde movement (should it become necessary) of Lee's corps, Major-General Stevenson commanding. General Stevenson's headquarters are at Orangeburg for the present. this force must be in addition to Colonel Cook's regiment, which has been sent to Walterborough. Only one regiment (Fifth Tennessee), exclusieve of Colonel Cook's, has yet reported at Branchville. General Stevenson understands that your movement toward Augusta is to meet a movement of the enemy on that place. These instructions of General Hardee were given before being apprised of any such movement. General Hardee desiires you to be in constant communicatiion with Major-General Staevenson through his nearest brigade commander, who has a line of couriers established to Orangeburg. General Hardee desiires that you send a regiment to report to Major-General Stevenson for courier and other special service. Please dispatch the general the present position of your command. The enemy are in front of the edisto line from New Bridge to Duncan's bridge, their main force being on the railroad. No efforts yet made to cross. Scouts report them burning the railroad.

Very respectfully,

W. D. PICKETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 9, 1865-6 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Hagan's brigade was badly stampeded at White Pond, and ran off causelessly. It is scatteered in every direction, many even coming to Augusta. It weems to me that a concentration of your cavalry upon Kilpatrick would crush him. I have sent an order to Crews to unite with Hagan, and probably something will then be done, as he seems to have a better command. I hope that you will keep us constantly apprised of movements. Is there any infantry moving upon Augusta? I have had no report from Hagan whatever.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Near Orangeburg, February 9, 1865.

General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispach of yesterday received, and telegram to General Hardee dispatched. I have established a line of couriers from my right flank to this the nearest point by telegraph with General Hardee, and will take pleasure in forwarding any dispaches by mail or telegraph which you may wiish to forward. Please communicate with me fully with regard to the movements of the enemy, and of yours so far as they may affect me. Do me the kindness to furnish General Deas with such couriers as may be necessary to connect his two stations-Holman's and Duncan's Bridges.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

