
to furnish you with more men, even iif by so doing I further disorganize the ships. The officer in charge of the marines of the squadron was directed to march to James Island in the event of Captain Tatnall haviing left with his command.

I am, very rrespectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer, Commanding, Afloat.

NOTE. -I am now going on board ship, and if the guard have not left I will notify you where they will be to receive transportation.

J. R. T.

BATTERY Numbers 2, February 10, 1865-2. 05 p. m.

General TALIAFERRO:

In reply to your specific inquiry I sent you Major Manigault's report. I now send you Major Warley's from Secessionville:

Transport loaded with troops came from the south and west into Cole's Island Inlet, 1 monitor in Stono, 2 gun-boats, 1 mortar-boat, and 3 transports into Schooner Creek, near Diwon's Island Battery. Enemy's lines extend from lower Legare house to Grimball's Causeway. About five regiiments have landed on this island, also two gun-boats in Stono River.

F. F. WARLEY,

Major, Commanding.

This iis the full information I have.

S. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

BATTERY Numbers 2, February 10, 1865-6. 35 p. m.

General HARDEE:

The enemy have driven in my picket-line, who have fallen back to the line rifle-pits. Enemy slowly advancing. Major Manigault reported killed. Only 430 re-enforcements have arrived.

S. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Taliaferro.)

BATTERY Numbers 2, February 10, 1865.

General TALIAFERRO:

I mean the rifle-pits 400 yards in front of the main line. Another skiirmish liine has been sent forward under Major White, with orders to meet the enemy and check him. This line hyas not yet found the enemy. Major Warley reports the enemy who drove us back to-day as four regiments 2,000 strong, and three regiments still around Legare's lower house. No change in fleet.

S. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

CITY, February 10, 1865-12 m.

Colonel RHETT, Battery Bee:

Order Young's dismounted men to report to Lieutenant Elliott, James Island, at once. A steamer will be at Mount Pleasant for them.

P. N. PAGE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

