
your forces to opposite Rowe's Bridge, at the forks of the roads leadiing from that point to the Binnaker's Bridge road with that from Orangeburg. Ascertain as soon as possible thereafter the condition of affaiirs on the road from Binnaker's Bridge, and if necessary cross the North Edisto at Rowe's Bridge. The river is well guarded here, and your flank would then be well protected.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Orangeburg, February 10, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I regret that you did not hold the forks of the road as I desired. I intend to hold the North Edisto as long as possible, and you will please take pasition at Rowe's Bridge with that view. Watch closely the points above and below it, and concentrate a sufficient force to check an attempt to cross until I can re-enforce you or prepare for a further move. I have iincreased the couriiers on your line. Communicate with General McLaws, to co-operate with him in the defense of the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obediient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CANNON'S BRIDGE,Gebruary 10, 1865-2. 20 p. m.

Major-General CLAYTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received verbal notice from Colonel Johnson, commandiing at Binnaker's, that the enemy have crossed in force about one mile below him, and that he was falling back slowly. Just afterward Ii received orders from General Stevenson to send a brigade to Johnson. I shall fall back at least as far as Rowe's Bridge with the remaining force.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 10, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General CHEATHAM,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The preservation of the factory at Graniteville is of great importance to the Confederacy as well as to the security of you line. Do you think it prudent to send 500 men so far out? If the operator at Aiken has brought off his instruments, you might put up a station at Big Horse Creek.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

