
AUGUSTA, GA., February 10, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatches, 7. 40 p. m. 9th, and 10. 05 p. m. 9th, both came together this moment. General Allen has lost Aiken. Cheatham iis on Big Horse Creek. Why do your couriers travel so slow?

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Orangeburg, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Stevenson to say that we have been obliged to abandon the South Edisto, and are now holding the North Edisto. General Deas has been ordered to retire in the direction of Columbia, as far as to where that road crosses the North Edisto. You will order half the cavalry that is to report to General S. to report to General Deas at the point above mentioned, to cover his front and protect his right flank. The other half to report at these headquarters, coming by the nearest practicable route.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 10, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

General ALLEN:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 8. 30 a. m. has just reached me. There must be some great negligence on the courier-line. It is important that we should know certainly whether infantry is with the Yankee column, and in what strength. General Cheatham with infantry is on Big Horse Creek. Important movements should be reported promptly to him.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

P. S. -Could you not bring Crews' men to your assistance and beat Kilpatrick?

AUGUSTA, GA., February 10, 1865.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that in obedience to your instructions, received Mobile, 15th of January, 1865, to inspect "all cavalry command detached from General Hood's army in Georgia, especially Iverson's brigade, and all cavalry in Alabama, "I repaired at once to Georgia, as the case of Captain G. S. Cecil, acting commissary of subsistence, I verson's brigade, seemed to ask for prompt attention. On my arrival I found that all the cavalry detached from General Hood's army had passed from Georgia into South Carolina except

