
HILTON HEAD, January 22, 1865.

General HOWARD:

I ordered all mules whose wagons had come to Beaufort to be sent; also the remaining wagons and mules of John E. Smith's. I had a long talk with Logan and arranged for three complete divisions of his corps to come to Pocotaligo, leaving only Corse to come by Sister's Ferry. The present storms will delay us much. I wanted the boat Coit to discharge, so as not to lose to-morrow's tide, but as the rain will delay us there is no need of such hurry.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Savannah, Ga., January 22, 1865.

Colonel J. B. McCown, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, will move with his command and the transportation of his division to Beaufort, S. C., by water, without delay, reporting to Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division.

Colonel McCown will report in person to Lieutenant Colonel G. L. Fort, Chief quartermaster Fifteenth Army Corps, who will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse:

A. W. EDWARDS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., January 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General R. SAXTON, U. S. Volunteers,

Beaufort, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Major-general commanding to inclose you Major-General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 15,* appointing you inspector of negro settlements and plantations in this department; also General Orders, Numbers 8,+ current series, from these headquarters, placing Brigadier General E. E. Potter in command of the District of Beaufort. Major-General Sherman has placed at the disposal of General Foster a large number of animals, partially broken down, that will be loaned to the negroes to be used by them on the plantations until they are sufficiently recuperated for active service, when they will be called for. Please send word to these headquarters about how many of these animals you desire, and they will be sent at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, January 23, 1865-2 p.m.

(Received 3. 30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Please leave all transports collected for the transportation of Schofield's command coaled and watered and rations loaded. The troops

---------------

*See p. 52.

+See p. 108.

---------------

