
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 14. Wilmington, February 10, 1865.

I. The means of transportation in this department for operations in the field will be distributed as follows: Army headquarters, one 4-horse wagon; inspector-general and assistants, one 4-horse wagon; chief quartermaster and chief commissary and assistants, one 4-horse wagon; chief ordnance officer and assistants, one 4-horse wagon; chief engineer and assistants, one 4-horse wagon; medical director and assistants, one 4-horse wagon; division headquarters, two 4-horse wagons and one 6-horse wagon; brigade headquarters, one 4-horse wagon; military court, one 4-horse wagon. The transportation for division and brigade headquarters includes the personal staff, engineers, signal corps, and medical officers, and other officers of the general staff, except those hereinafter mentioned. Chief quartermaster and chief commissary of division, with assistants, one 4-horse wagon; regimental headquarters, including field and staff and company officers, one 4-horse wagon; division headquarters, for forage for animals, two 4-horse wagons; brigade headquarters, for forage for animals, three 4-horse wagons; pioneer party and provost guard of division, one 4-horse wagon; each regiment exceeding 500 men actually present, for cooking utensils, two 4-horse wagons; each regiment not exceeding 500 men, for cooking utensils, one 4-horse wagon; each division, for medical supplies, one 4-horse wagon; each brigade, for medical supplies, one 4-horse wagon; to every 375 men, for ordnance supplies in brigade train, one 4-horse wagon; to same in division train, one 4-horse wagon; headquarters, each artillery battalion, including quartermaster and surgeon, one 4-horse wagon; company officers, each artillery battalion, one 4-horse wagons; each artillery battalion, for medical supplies, one 2-horse wagon; every 500 men actually present, for cooking utensils, one 4-horse wagon; each battery of artillery, for forage and commissary supplies, one 2-horse wagon.

II. The general supply train and transportation for blacksmith's tools are not affected by this order.

III. The transportation will be the same for cavalry as for infantry, with the following exceptions: To every 200 horses in each brigade, for forage, one 4-horse wagon; each squadron, for shoeing tools, one packmule; each regiment for ammunition, one pack-mule.

IV. All wagons in excess of the foragoing allowance will be immediately turned over to the chief quartermaster, who is especially charged with the execution of this order.

By order of General Bragg:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, February 10, 1865.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

In the Department of South Carolina, Georgia and Florida, there, are 106 guns, now organized and equipped as mounted artillery. Of these, all but three batteries, twelve guns, are at this time serving in South Carolina. Each of these batteries consists of four guns, &amp;c., but there are no general or field officers serving with them. I propose to inspect these several batteries early next week, wherever they may be, with to their organization, in accordance with your instructions. I deem it, however, of great importance that a brigadier-general be at once appointed to their command, and Lieutenant-General Har-

73 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

