HEADQUARTERS, February 11, 1865-6 a. m.

General WHEELER;

I have a force of about 3,000 men, including the Georgia militia. They are located on this side of Big Horse Creek to defend the crossing. I will send General J. A. Smith, with Cleburne's division, about 1,000 men, to Graniteville to assist you in protecting that place. I will be on the road from Augusta to Graniteville. Send all dispatches throught General Jim Smith.

B. F. CHEATHAM,Major-General.

Weatch well to my left flank. All is open from this road to the river. I would like to have ten couriers. I will be near Bath Mills during the morning. You may be able to communicate by telegraph.

BATH MILLS, February 11, 1865.

General WHEELER:

I sent General Smith, in charge of about 1,000 or 1,200 men, to Graniteville early this morning; I think with his aid you can hold that place. General Bate, with 700 more, is a Little Horse Creek, seven miles from Graniteville; I have a brigade at that place.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUSTA, GA.,

February 11, 1865-8 a. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your telegram of 3. 45 p. m. yesterday did not reach me till 2 o'clock this morning. I hope that you will not depend upon the telegraph; 'tis too uncertain. Two efficient staff officers were at once sent out to look up the quartermaster and get off the corn. The depot quartermasters, you know, are always lazy except about a personal speculation or a sharp operation versus the Government. The corn has been got off by those staff officers, and not by the other worthy gentlemen. I fully appreciate the difficulties mentioned by you as arising from details. This parricidal [practice] breaks up discipline, as well as weakens your command. I myself saw, with Major Millen, nearly if not altogether as many men driving cows as there were cows in the lost. Such ignoble service must destroy the manliness of the cow-driwers. I regret very much the delay about the corn. I want to help you all I can. I do trust that you may be able to concentrate and beat that marauding rascal, Kilpatrick.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 11, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Georgia, Augusta:

GENERAL: You told me your orders were to burn the cotton in Augusta when the enemy had approached to within fifteen miles of the city. I beg that this may not be done. We would feel very badly to burn so much cotton if the enemy should not reach the city. I feel

