
tions, as also the further instructions for you to direct the engineer regiment (First Michigan Engineers) to come this way also. Apply to General Easton, Chief quartermaster, for such transportation as you may require in conforming to this order.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Beaufort, S. C., January 23, 1865.

General EASTON,

Savannah;

Transport to Beaufort, by boats, all of Howard's troops, wagons, and mules, except Corse's division, which can move with the Left Wing. I have sent you every boat available from this quarter and would like you to push this job at one trip.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 21. Beaufort, S. C., January 23, 1865.

I. The First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, having the most transportation, the quartermaster thereof, in accordance with the directions of the Chief quartermaster of the Army, will turn over to Lieutenant Brown, acting assistant quartermaster, pontoon train, five six-mule teams with harness and wagons complete for the use of that organization. As good teams are required the present ones in the division will not be selected for this purpose.

II. As directed by Major-General Sherman, upon the advance of this army all unnecessary servants and non-combatants will be left behind. All chests for office papers and baggage not strictly necessary in the field, and all tents save one for headquarters of each brigade, division, corps, or Army, and such as may be necessary for hospital purposes, will be sent to Beaufort or Hilton Head and left in charge of proper persons until such time as they can follow by water. Flies only will be used for shelter. The inspector-general's department is charged with the requirements of this order.

* * * * *

VII. Brigadier General W. T. Clark, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to the command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

