
of the enemy from the direction of Orangeburg, particularly guarding the passage of the Five Notch road through, the Four Hole Swamp. You will establish a courier line from Burch's Ford to George's Station, and keep me advised of your movements and dispositions and those of the enemy. You will also communicate with General McLaws at Branchville and with any part of General Stevenson's force that may fall back toward the Santee, Four Hole Swamp, or Sandy River. You will especially observe and report if the enemy seek to strike at the Santee River toward Keysville or Vance's Ferry, and will resist, as far as you can, any force that you can cope with. Should the telegraph stations at George's Station be interrupted by the threatening of the enemy you will establish a line of couriers, via Eutaw Spring and Pineville, with Saint Stephen's Depot on the Northeastern Railroad.

W. B. TALIAFEERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 12, 1865.

Captain PAGE:

See Colonel Black and tell him to send thirty of him men, with a good commanding officer to the Sandy River country as ordered, and with the rest to proceed himself to reconnoiter and hold the country toward Bull's Bay, passing from Summerville early to-morrow morning to the first crossing by bridge above Strawbery Ferry, and holding the enemy in check as far as he can if he advances toward the Northeastern Railroad, and keeping us well advised of the movements of the enemy and his own, via Monk's Corner.

W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Augusta, February 12, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Columbia, S. C.:

GENERAL: General Wheeler has quite a handsome affair yesterday at Aiken with Kilpatrick, driving him some four miles. I went down on horseback yesterday returned at 2 o'clock last night. Examined, with General Wheeler, the Yankee position; could ascertain nothing definite, but was not inclined to think the force large. General W. Seems confident that Twentieth Corps was near Windsor yesterday. I send you reports of scouts. If no advance be made to-day, or to-morrow, I think that Cheatham ought to begin his march Tuesday. We have heard nothing of Sherman's movements since crossing the Edisto.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Augusta, February 12, 1865.

General B. F. CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have ordered Iverson to send up his Enfield by 2 o'clock train. If you have an ordnance officer here at that hour, you can get

