
Here I came across the country to the Salekhatchie, and crossed fourteen miles south of Broxton's Bridge, and joined my brigade at Raysor's Bridge on the night of the 8th. These two columns consisted chiefly of the Seventeenth and Fifteenth Corps; the Seventeenth near the river, and in my judgment will number from 12,000 to 15,000 men each. Prisoners reported they had thirty-one days' rations in their wagons, and they certainly had very heavy trains. All the prisoners were from the Sevemnteenth and Fifteenth Corps, save four, and they were taken from a supply train of Kilpatrick's cavalry on the way to Barnwell Court-House. Prisoners from the Fifteenth Corps stated that they expected to be re-enforced by the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, but had not been up to the time I left (on the morning of the 7th). On this scout, myself and squad turned over to our brigade provost-guard, 6 Yanks, 2 negroes, and from necessity, after getting a considerable distance up the river, turned over 19 to Colonel-, and brought out 5 mules and 1 horse.

Respectfully,

T. M. PAYSINGER,

Sergt., Company G, Third South Carolina Regiment, Conner's Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, February 13, 1865.

General G. T. BEUREGARD,

Columbia, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order to direct Major-General Hill to send to Columbia either Stewart's or Cheatham's corps as soon as practicable. At present General Hill deems it impracticable. Two divisions of the Fourteenth Army Corps encamped last night near Johnson's Turn-Out. An adjutant and a provost-marshal of that corps were taken prisoners. They report that the Fourteenth Corps marched through Barnwell Court-House and struck the railroad about thirty miles from Augusta, and that the Twentieth Corps was moving on their right. Stewart's corps has not yet arrived. Walthall's division will be in to-night. As soon as Stewart is up I think one of the corps can be spared and will be put in motion. I have seen nohting yet to induce me to believe that the enemy is moving this way in force. I have to-day forwarded you several recommendations made by General Harris is here and requests that you will remain there until he shall reach Columbia. He will leave to-morrow. A communication of the 6th instant has been received from Brigadier-General McCoy to Major-General Cobb, stating that there is no enemy on the west side of the Little Ogeechee. He feels satisfied that their is no enemy out of Savannah on this side two miles and a half. I will endeavor, if possible, to obtain and forward General Cooper copy of the field return of the Army of Tennessee for the 20th July, 1864.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 13, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

P. S. -Since writing the above I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of order of last night at 10. 30 p. m., directing the movement of Cheatham's corps to Columbia. The order has been given and Cheat-

