
ham will move at once with five days' rations. The order to General Wheeler has been forwarded to him. He, however, left yesterday morning for Columbia; by what authority or under what circumstances, I am not informed. He will no doubt be in communication with you before the order I have sent can reach him. The last intelligence I have is that the enemy has occupied Orangeburg and that he is advancing in strong force, composed of different arms, on Aiken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. B.,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, February 13, 1865.

Major W. CLARE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: General Beauregard direct that you will forthwith proceed to inquire into the causes at this point in delays of the transportaion of troops. General Walthall's division reached Mayfield yesterday and did not arrive to-day. Ascertain where the blames rests. Inquire into the capacity of the Georgia Railroad for the transportation of troops, and probe thoroughly its operations to ascertain if it be to blame, and, if to blame, whether from inefficiency, carelessness, or indisposition to aid the public service.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, Febraury 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. HENRY,

Assistant Inspector-General:

COLONEL: General Beauregard directs that you proceed by morning's train to Camak and Mayfield and inquire thoroughly into the causes of the delays and detention of troops at these point. Their rapid transit to this place is of the first importance. Where transportation cannot be had, let them march to the nearest depot where it can be had. Report here each day the troops arriving at Maylfield, or expected to arrive, so that railroad authorities may be advised. It is important to know on whom the responsibility rests for the delays in hastening troops to this point.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Department, Charleston, S. C.:

You must depend upon your own troops to guard Santee Swamp. Stevenson is guarding the line from this place to the Wateree.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

