
BATTERY BEE,

February 13, 1865-7. 30 p. m.

Captain PAGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City:

The last report received from Bull's Bay was forwarded, stating that there are twelve vessels of different kinds on the bay. The kind is not designated. One or two have gone in the direction of McClellanville. Will forward reports as they come in.

I. JONES,

Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUATERS,

Adam's Bridge, Columbia and Orangeburg Road.

February 13, 1865-8 a. m.

Major RATCHFORD,

Asssitant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am now eighteen miles from Orangeburg, and said to be twenty-one to Columbia. The enemy broke in my line both to the right and left of my center yesterday about 3 o'clock. They were 300 or 400 strong on the left and perhaps not quite so strong on the right. My line being over three miles long, some of my pickets were cut off both on the right and left, and it was impossible for me to communicate with them afterward. They had, however, been instructed as to the direction to retire, and I am in hopes a majority of them will rejoin their command. The number not yet heard from is seventy-five. The balance of my command is here and well in hand, though much jaded. The enemy were evidently in some considerable force opposite me at the bridge, and followed me three or four miles, at which point the cavalry scouts informed me that they turned back. I have not heard from them since. I could see distinctly what appeared to be houses on fire, and especially up the river on my left, as I marched last night. I think a portion of the enemy's forces must have gone up the river on the Bull Swamp road. I shall march on as directed, and reach Columbia as soon as I can, but do not think I can reach that point to-night. If, however, it is absolutely necessary that I should do so, I beg to be advised accordingly.

I am, major, very respectfully,

J. B. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, February 13, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directs that Cheatham's corps be at once put in motion for Columbia, S. C., and that Stewart's corps follow to same point as soon as possible, unless otherwise ordered. The troops should be provided with, and carry in haversacks, five days' cooked rations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

