
AUGUSTA, GA., February 13, 1865-8 p. m.

General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: Do you leave in the morning? Wathall's men did not come this evening, through want of transportation. I suppose that you will take all of the men of Lee's corps with you. Where is Featherston's brigade stationed? I will try to get Wathall's men run straight thorough to Graniteville. Smith, Cumming, and Featherston ought to hold the line up to Bath. Hannon's brigade of cavalry will be here to-night, and I will send it o Graniteville till Walthall gets up.

D. H. HILL.

[FEBRUARY 13, 1865. -For Wheeler to Otey, reporting operations, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 1122.]

AUGUSTA, GA., February 13, 1865-7. 15 a. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 11th in regard to rations reached me at 10 last nigh; that [of] 8. 15 p. m. 12th reached me at 7 a. m. to-day. I telegraphed to you last night in regard to a report to Messrs. Hammond and Branch of the sacking of Vaucluse by mounted men claiming to belong to your command, and of great depredations being committed on the Edgefield road and west of it. Two certificates signed by Captain Boykin, assistant quartermaster Third Alabama Cavalry, were shown me for horses impressed in the neibghborhood of Augusta. If this fellow is acting without orders he ought to be shot like a dog. I am sending out to-day a party to catch, if possible, these wretches who are bringing reproach upon your command. I was very much impressed with the bearing of the officers and men whom I saw the other day, and could not but regret that a few base men should bring odium upon a collection of noble soldiers.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUTLER'S CAVALRY DIVISION.

February 13, 1865. -9. 15 p. m.

General STEVENSON,Commanding Infantry, Lee's Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you a telegraphic dispatch which was given to Captain Lowndes at the telegraph office. Scouts of my command have just returned from the Jones Bridge road, who were in the enemy's camp last night on the south side of the North Fork of the Edisto. They report that the Twentieth Corps (General Williams commanding) crossed at Jeffcoat's Bridge this morning, and they concur in the impression that this force is marching directly on Columbia. They do not report cavalry marching with the enemy's infantry. One report states that the advancing column had advanced twelve from Jeffcoat's Bridge in the direction of Columbia about 11 o'clock a. m. to-day; still marching rapidly. The enemy have some of their infantry mounted on horses taken in the country.

Respectfully,

M. C. BUTLER,

Major-General.

