HEADQUARTERS,February 13, 1865-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: The information brought in by Buttler's scouts has been sent to you, and I have communicated it to General Beauregard. Other scouts have been sent out. I suggest that you forward this information to Wheeler and the infantry commnds in the direction of Augusta, so as to expedite their movements to this point. I think the line of the Congragee Creek should be held by strong pickets at the fords, whilst we push on the work laid out to-day. If you will hold the bridge over Congaree Creek and the creek up to the mouth of the Six-Mile Creek, Butler will hold all the uper fords as long as he can. I have ordered pickets placed on this side of the river and scouts sent down the State road. If you will concentrate all the cavalry under Butler he will look out for your right flank. I shall have some guns placed on this side of the river, just above the mouth of the Congragee Creek, so as to protect your left, if you are forced from the creek. I think if of the utmost importance to check any advance in this direction, should it be made and I shall take pleasure in assisting you by all the means in my power. Do place yourself in communication with General Butler, who will forward all papers to me. It would be well for you to keep a courier at telegraph office, which will be kept open to-night.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

ASHEVILLE, N. C., February 13, 1865.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival here on Saturday evening. Yesterday I proceeded to camp, and was shown a very cold shoulder. I however issued an order assuming command. Just at dark a mutiny broke out among the men, which culminated about 9 o'clock in my being severely wounded and rendered insensible by a rock which struck me on the forehead. I was unarmed and could get no assistance whatever, the insubordination exending to the whole command. I have made a report of the matter to Colonel Palmer, a copy of which will be sent to you, so that it is unnecessary for me to enter into details in this communication. I have applied for and obtained leave to report to you in person in Raleigh. I shall probably be eight days from to-morrow in reaching there. After what has occured, and the cowardly manner in which the regiment acted, it will be impossible for me ever to feel the love and respect I ought to feel for it, and which would be necessary to make it an effective body of men, and under no circumstance will I resume command of it. I have been accustomed to command soldiers between whom and myself there existed a mutual affection. I cannot command a mob who would dare to strike you through me (for there could be no personal prejudice against me). I promised you I would do my duty fearlessly. I feel that I have done so, and that when I have the pleasure of seeing you, you will sustain me in the decision I have arrived at.

Meantime I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

GEO. TAIT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth North Carolina Troops.

