
RALEIGH, February 13, 1865.

(Received 12. 30.)

Honorable J. A. CAMBELL:

All the reserves are in the field under department and district commanders. I have no men. Greensborough would be a better position for prisoners. If the Junior Reserve can be spared they could constitute guard enough.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Major-General CLAYTON,

Kingsville, S. C.:

Dispatch received. Guard well also the bridge over the Wateree on the line of railroad between Kingsville and Florence.

By order of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 14, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

It is respectfully suggested that the prisoners at Florence be sent to Wilmington and delivered on parole to the enemy, thus relieving us and embarrassing the enemy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISON OF THE WEST,Charleston, February 14, 1865.

Memorand of orders for Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee:

First. One brigade of Wright's division in Saint Paul's will move by railroad to Monk's Corner and thence march into position (at or about Snowden's) from Sandy Run to Santee River.

Second. The remainder of Wright's division to move via Summberville, thence to Grumesville, thence along Northeastern Railroad to Saint Stephen's Depot.

Third. The troops around Charleston will commence the movement when Wright's division shall have reached Summerville.

Fourth. Troops in Christ Church will take steamers to Strawbery Ferry via Cordesville to Saint Stephen's Depot.

Fifth. The troops from James Island along sea front first, thence in succession to Ashley Ferry, thence to Six-Mile House, thence to Saint Stephens's Depot.

Sixth. Troops in Charleston to follow movements to Six-Mile House, thence to Saint Stephen's Depot.

Seventh. When the troops shall have arrived at Monk's Corner, McLaws shall commence the retrograde movement from the left flank resting at Four Hole bridge, passing in rear of Fourt Hole Swamp, thence by Pineville road to Pineville, thence to Saint Stephen's Depot.

Eighth. The troops on McLaws' right shall follow the movement as they are uncovered from the left.

