
RICHMOND, VA., February 14, 1865.

General W. J. HARDEE, Charleston, S. C.:

Your dispatch of the 12th received to-day. * The enemy may, and probably does, intend to attack Charleston, but it is by no means manifested by present operations. It is proper under the view presented to remove whatever is not needful for defense of the place, and then to postpone evacuation as long as prudent. If General Beauregard can beat the enemy in the field, the cause herein indicated may preserve the city and harbor for future use, and save us the pain of seeing it pass into hands of the enemy. General Beuaregard and yourself are so well informed of the condition of the armies and practicability of routes that I must leave you to the free exercise of your judgment. It, however, seems to me that the bridge over the Santee can be defended against a boat expedition up that river; without materially interfering with other operations, and a movement by the enemy overland from Bull's Bay is hardly to be anticipated.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 37. Richmond, February 14, 1865.

* * *

XIII. Pusuant to telegram from this officer under date of January 21, 1865, Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, Provisional Army, C. S., will immediately proceed to Columbia, S. C., and report to General G. T. Beauregard for assignment to duty with his proper command.

* * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 38. Charleston, S. C., February 14, 1865.

* * *

VIII. Major General A. R. Wright, will send the brigade of South Carolina militia at once by rail, via Charleston, to Monk's Corner, on the Northeastern Railroad. The brigade will then march to Snowden's and take position there, picketing to the Santee on the one side, and to Sandy Run on the other.

* * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FIELDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTERY BEE,

February 14, 1865.

Captain PAGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City:

No attack up to 11. 20 last p. m. Conner's men have arrived, and Andersonville reported safe. No firing heard during the night. Will inform you promptly if anything occurs.

RHETT,

Colonel.

* See Part I, p. 1071.

