
CITY, February 14, 1865-10. 30 p. m.

Colonel RHETT,

Battery Bee:

I have received no estimate of the number of the enemy's troops. Why has it not been sent? Why has Blake not reported? It is important to keep me advised, and must be done. Send, if necessary, special courier to-night to ascertain facts. Use artillery horses, if you have no cavalry. Will send engineers in the a. m. Stop Quirk's company, engineer troops, now at McCormick's Landing, to do the work at the lines. They will leave for the city in the a. m. unless you stop them to-night. Signal men will be sent.

TALIAFERRO,

General.

BATTERY BEE,

February 14, 1865. -4. 10 p. m.

Captain PAGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sumter:

All quiet at Andersonville. Colonel Rhett wishes to know if you have ordered an engineer company to the lines.

JONES,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND AND THIRD SUB-DISTRICTS,Charleston, February 14, 1865.

[Colonel BLACK?:]

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Taliaferro to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant, just received, and to direct you to push on to Bull's Bay. Resist any effort the enemy may make to strike the Norheastern Railroad, and keep him informed of the movements and position of the enemy. He directs that you will guard especially against any attempt on the part of the enemy to advance from or land at McClellanville, and send him as accurate an estimate as you can make of the enemy's force. He is very desirous of obtaining this information, as he has been unable so far to get it from Colonel Rhett. A telegraph office will be situated at Monk's Corner to-morrow.

[P. N. PAGE,

Asssistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. THIRD SQUADRON, THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA CAV.,George's Station, February 14, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order directing a scout to be made of the roads between this and the Santee River, and have sent forward a reliable officer for the purpose. The distance is great also from here to your headquarters, but I will endeavor to furnish the information required as soon as possible. I have been acting under orders from Captain Smart, who directed me not to advance too closely to the enemy. I have sent scouts to Branchville and up the Orangeburg road. From and intelligent negro, who walked

