
the track from Orangeburg to this place, I am informed that the enemy had nearly all passed through Orangeburg, advancing toward Columbia and the Northeastern Railroad. I could have advanced farther toward Orangeburg, but was directed by Captain Smart to take my squadron to Reeves' Station and scout toward Branchville. I will be up the Orangeburg road, having a small picket at George's Station and at the intersection of the Orangeburg road with road leading, from the station. I am acting under orders from Captain Smart, and also, it appears, from Lieutenant Bennett, so I hope that the major-general will not consider me responsible for information, except in the event of my being cut off from these officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. HEYWARD,

Captain, Commanding Squadron Third South Carolina Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIFTH SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Appleby's Bridge, February 14, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Please say to the major-general commanding that I am at Appleby's Bridge with one squadron, and have the other moving up parallel with thism on the Orangeburg road, which is on the opposite side of the railroad. Constant communication is kept up by couriers through neighborhood roads and paths. A strong scouting party was sent up in the neighborhood of Branchville, as soon as we reached this place, with instructions to find the enemy had ascertain his line of march, force, character of troops, &amp;c. The have not yet reported, and I feel confident from that fact that the enemy are not in the immediate neighborhood of Branchville. Lieutenant Bennett, of Texas troops, reported to me yesterday evening as a scout, with orders from Major-General McLaws. He says that the major-general desires us to move up on both roads until we find the enemy. This is in conflict with instructions given me by Colonel Fiser and Captain King, assistant adjutant-general, who said we must keep in supporting distance of our infantry. If Lieutenant Benett is properly instructed you will please inform me. I know nothing of him. His order is signed by Major-General McLaws and not by an adjutant. I am advancing slowly on both road, and hope to be at or above Branchville, to-night, scouting in advance. Will be glad to follow up the enemy's rear and flank it, agreeable to the major-general's plans. Please forward the accompanying to Colobnel Colcock.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. SMART,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 14, 1865.

Major HAMILTON:

You will relieve to-day Palmer's battalion of artillery ordered to move with Major-General Cheatham. Two guns will be sent to Graniteville and two to Boath to take the place of those at those points. This relieving battery of your guns will be subject to the order of Major-

