
unaccountable delay. Cheatham has to march without them. The operator at Green's cut has been reported out of his office when messages were to be sent. You must have a party opposite Stony Bluff to watch and resist a crossing. Keep your command habitually reayd to move a moments' notice. Many deserters are said to be crossing at the upper bridges of Brier Creek. Prevent this thing as far as you can.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 14, 1865. -1 p. m.

General IVERSON:

GENERAL: If Ferguson reaches Brier Creek to-night you will march to this place to-morrow, explaining to him the nature of the ground, character of the country, &c., before you leave. Give him all the information which would be useful to him in his new situation. The guns have not yet reached here. I wish you would see personally about them, and let me know what has become of them.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 14, 1865.

Colonel Hannon will proceed with his brigade to Aiken and relieve the brigade of cavalry on duty. He will picket all the approaches to Augusta, and keep the officers commanding infantry forces at Graniteville, General G. W. Smith, on Big Horse Creek, and these headquarters, apprised of all movements of the enemy. He will still be subject to orders from these headquarters of District of Georgia.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, February 14, 1865.

(Received 10 o'clock.)

Honorable J. A. CAMPBELL:

Shall I order the Third Regiment Junior Reserves to report to Colonel Forno? Wadesborough, the terminus of Willmington and Rutheford Railroad, is a fruithul country that has not been yet touched. This region in exhausted.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

BY THE GOVERNOR:

A Proclamation to the people of North Carolina.

Whereas, it is incumbent on me, by virtue of the high trusts you partiality has conferred upon me, to watch with vigilance over your welfare, guard with fidelity your interests, and warn you of every approaching danger: Now, therefore, I, Zebulon B. Vance, governor

