
will be as sweet as accptable as those proffered in gorgerous temples in the midst of magnificent cities. So if our country and its cause, like to the kingdom of God, be enthorened in our hearts, then, indeed, am I persuaded that neither principalities nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor life, nor death, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from that independence and honor for which our people have suffered and our sons have died. Therefore, my countrymen, having warned you of this danger which is upon us, I now appead to you by everything held sacred among men to bear yourselves as becomes your high lineage and future hopes. I implore you to lay down all party bitterness, and to be reconciled to your neighbor for the sake of your country; to use every possible exertion to restore absentees to the army; to divide of your abundance freely with the poor the suffering; to strengthen the arms of your rulers, and to sustain your soldiers and their generals, and to give cheerfully your ald, physical and mental and moral, in whatever sphere you may be, to prevent of your country, and the ruin of its people. For the purpose of determining the best means of accomplisshing this, as well as for giving expression to your opinions, I earnestly recommend that you assemble in primary meetings in every county in the State, and let the whole world, and especially our enemies, see how a free people can meet a proposition for their absolute submission to the will of their conquerors.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State, in our city of Raleigh, on the 14th day of February, A. D. 1865.

[L. S.] Z. B. VANCE.

By the Governor:

A. M. McPHEETERS,

Private Secretary.

[FEBRUARY 15, 1865. - For Hardee to Davis, reporting operations, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 1071.]

FLORENCE, S. C., February 15, 1865-a. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commander-in-Chief, Richmond, Va.:

I have arranged with General Hardee for the immediate evacuation of Charleston and concentration of our forces at Chesterville, S. C. If those of General Bragg could be added thereto, success might yet crown our efforts, however dark may appear the present hour.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SUMTER STATION, S. C., February 15, 1865. -a. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Richmond, Va.:

Generals Stevenson and Hampton report from Columbia enemy has appeared in their front and driven their pickets across Congaree at railroads bridge near Kingsville. They consider movement on Columbia serious. I am on return there.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

