SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Richmond, February 15, 1865.,* * *

XLII. Capt R. H. Fitzhugh, Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty with the chief-engineer Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, and will report to Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee, commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, February 15, 1865.

General McLAWS:

Our safety depends on your giving me prompt information of any movement of the enemy from Branchville or Orangeburg toward Four Hole Swamp. Send an engine up the road, if necessary.

W. J. HARDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, February 15, 1865.

General McLAWS:

Our safety depends on your giving me prompt information of any movements of the enemy from Branchville or Orangeburg toward Four Hole Swamp. Send an engine up the road, if necessary.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND AND THIRD SUB-DISTS., SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General S. ELLIOTT:

GENERAL: It has been determined to evacuate Charleston. I have to beg that you will continue in command of the troops now with you, if you cannot longer, at least until you cross the Santee.

I. It is the present intention to evacuate on Friday night; if that day shall be anticipated or a later day shall be anticipated or a later day fixed, you will be duly notified.

II. I desire you to make every preparation for the destruction of your guns and gun carriages, and such powder as may be left in your magazines as may be consistent with a safe retreat. To burn your gun carriages or to attempt to burst your guns or blow up the magazines would perhaps be an intimation of our intention prematurely to the enemy, therefore you will destroy the gun carriages as far as practicable by sawing and cutting them to pieces, your guns by spiking and shotting them, and your powder by throwing it into the water.

III. You will move out from your lines at an early hour on Friday night, withdrawing first from Battery Trenholm, then from Secesssionville, then through Fort Johnson and Haskell sections of the commands, and lastly from the new lines, Pringle and Tynes, and concentrate your troops near McCloud's house.

IV. You will then march across the Wappoo Creek by the nearest route to Ashley Ferry (bridge); cross the Ashley and down the Dorchester road to the intersection of that road with the State road leading to Monk's Corner, where you will halt until joined by the troopps to Charleston, or until further orders are given you. It is important to accomplish this march by morning.

V. You will leave your ordinary picket in front of the new lines. This picket will consist of picked men under picked officers, who will retire after you have concentrated your troops, and which must be put on picket on the night of the evacuation in order that they may be fresh.

