
wagon yard in Sain Andrew's Parish, when you will direct him to move with the least possible delay with these and such other wagons as he may be required by myself to take charge of to Saint Stephen's Depot, on the Northeastern Railroad, pursuing the route indicated for the mach of your troops across the Ashley, &amp;c.

XVI. You will send a staff or such line officer as you may detail with a small detail of couriers and guides to examine the route indicated for our march and select the best road.

XVII. Colonel Colcock with his cavalry will burn the Ashley Ferry bridge after its passage by your command.

XVIII. Before leaving the island you will cause all boats to be destroyed. I shall rely upon your judgement and discretion to give such other instructions as you may deem necessary to accomplish the desired object.

XIX. You will inform signal and discretion to give such other instructions as you may deem necessary to accomplish the desired object.

XIX. You will inform signal and telegraph operators of your movements so that they may escape with their instruments.

[W. B. TALIAFERRO.]

BATTERY BEE,

February 15, 1865-6 a. m.

Captain PAGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sumter:

I think that if the whole of Parker's battery be left at Andersvonville, one gun of Le Gardeur's battery be sent to Graham's and another to Buck Hall, with a support of 100 men, that it would render the position secure. Have not made the arrangements, and shall not do it unless I receive orders from General Taliafero, as the firing on Stono renders it possible Le Gardeur's will be needed there.

RHETT,

Colonel.

BATTERY BEE,

February 15, 1865-6 p. m.

Captain PAGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sumter:

Your dispatch just received 2. 10 p. m. The information you ask for has been sent you in repeated dispatches. I will leave Mount Pleasant immediately to see the general. I should like to send two Parrott guns now on the lines to Andersonville, and send on a section of Parker's battery to McClellanville.

RHETT,

Colonel.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Major-General STEVENSON,

South Side of the River:

Have just received note of 7 p. m. I had already given my general instructions to General Hampton, who parted from me about one hour since, to following effect: Hold the other side of the river as long as practicable without endangering safety of the troops, then in forced back from there destroy a part of the bridge at both extremities; put guns in position on this side to command approach of the

