
AUGUSTA, GA., February 15, 1865-7. 15 a. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: I think your best movement would be to get in front of the Yankees and delay their movement upon Columbia.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

FEBRUARY 15, 1865-2 p. m.

Colonel GRIGSBY (of General Wheeler's staff),

Boozer's House:

COLONEL: Major-General Hampton directs me to say that he is instructed by General Beauregard to notify Generals Wheeler, Cheatham, and Stewart, when in his opinion the emergency requires that the troops at or near Augusta move to Columbia. Notice has been sent by General Hampton, in General Beauregard's name, and also by General Stevenson, urging the movement of all the available force at or near Augusta to co-operate with the troops under General Stevenson and General Hampton, operating now near Columbia. General Hampton desires me to say that the enemy are pressing heavily of General Stevenson's line, on the State road from Orangeburg to Columbia, and are also thretening the position of General Stevenson's right, which is at present only defended by cavalry, on Congaree Creek. A column of infantry and cavalry is also reported moving on the road leading from Orangeburg to Lexington. General Hampton thinks that the most urgent necessity exists for the most rapid movement possible of Generals Wheeler, Cheatham, and Stewart's commands to accomplish a junction with the troops now defending Columbia. He desires General Wheeler to communicate this to Generals Cheatham and Stewart or their representatives in command. A vigorous attack by their troops in flank and rear of the enemy, even after they cross Congaree Creek, would relieve Columbia and enable us to hold the line of the Congaree. General Hampton urges General Wheeler to push on and re-enforce the picket-line of Butler's division, now extended on Congaree Creek. In case the enemy succeed in driving our lines in, so as to interrupt the road from Edgefield to Columbia, General Butler has been ordered to take up the line of the Saluda. At present, however, it is hoped that the line of the Congaree Creek, four miles below Columbia, will be held until the troops from Augusta arrive.

Respectfully,

THEODORE G. BARKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

A courier just in reports the enemy has crossed at Strickland's, on the Orangeburg and Lexington road, advancing rapidly.
HEADQUARTERS,February 15, 1865-8 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER;

GENERAL: I am directed by General Beauregard to say that he wishes you to move to Columbia at once. The bearer will also explain the wishes of the general in other particulars.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

