
point and bridge at Port Royal Ferry. He also wishes you to send in a quartermaster to receipt for and take out some 200 axes, to be used by a portion of your detail in cutting material for corduroying the road, the axes to be returned to the depot quartermaster when the work shall have been done. The road is in very bad condition, and the general is anxious to have it put in as good repair as possible. Should you not have sufficient teams with your command to enable you to push the work rapidly, you can borrow from General Woods' division. Please place the detail in charge of a driving officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. T. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Beaufort, S. C., January 23, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Major-general commanding directs me to say that in accordance with General Sherman's desire to threaten Charleston, he wishes your demonstration of the 20th instant to the Salkehatchie repeated and, if possible, a lodgment effected on the other side. He suggests that you make a trestle or floating bridge out of such material as may be most convenient for crossing infantry only. The general also directs me to say you had better not attempt to send in any more wagons than you can possibly help for the present, as the road is bad enough now and trains passing over it would cut it up so much as to render it impassable for some time to come. General Hazen and General Woods are at work corduroying and repairing it from here to Garden's Corners. You must make it good the rest of the way.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. In the Field, Ga., January 23, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced to serve on the staff of the general commanding: Captain Robert B. Stinson, Sixtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Hiram Craft, Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, provost-marshal. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier General James D. Morgan:

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Purysburg, S. C., January 23, 1865.

Captain SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following suggestions for the information of the general commanding, received from Captain Webber from General Sherman's headquarters: About 2 o'clock yesterday

