
move at daylight to-morrow with the remainder of your command to Treadway Post-Office, on Upper Three Runs, and there report to Major General Young of the cavalry and be subject to his orders. You will take with you two days' rations for man and horse,.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General LOUIS HEBERT,

Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 14th instant, covering a copy of the report of Captain Liernur, engineer, the major-general commanding directs me to say that it is not necessary to lay a pontoon bridge at the Hilton Ferry crossing of the Northeast River. He deisres that all available flats will be collected, and with a steamer be held ready to transfer the forces now at Fort Anderson to this bank of the river, should the necessity arise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 6 [16?], 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Columbia, S. C.:

Your telegrams of yesterday received. You can better judge of the necessity for evacuating Charleston than I can. Such full preparations had been made that I had hoped for other and better results, and the disappointment is to me extremely bitter. The re-enforcements calculated on from reserves and militia of Georgia and South Carolina, together with the troops ordered from Mississippi, must have fallen much short of estimate. What can be done with the naval squadron, the torpedo-boats, and your valuable heavy guns at Charleston? Do not allow cotton stored there to become prize of the enemy, as was the case at Savannah. From reserve, however sad, if you are sustained by unity and determination among the people, we can look hopefully forward. I suppose General Lee has communicated with your directly. Your promised notes of conference will be anxiously looked for.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 16, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Columbia, S. C.:

If there be danger at Columbia take the promptest and most efficient measures to save the machinery at the armory.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

76 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

