
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 16, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Columbia, S. C.:

Our necessities here are great. Why interfere with provisions at Charlotte Junction, ordered here by Commissary-General? Unless your necessities are very great they should be sent here.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 1865-2 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

General-in-Chief, Richmond, VA.:

I returned last evening from Charleston. I shall assume command to-day of all forces in South Carolina. The present military situation is thus: Our forces, about 20,000 effective infantry and artillery, more or less demoralized, occupy a circumference of about 240 miles from Charleston to Augusta. The enemy, well organized and disciplined, and flushed with success, numbering nearly double our force, is concentrated upon one point (Columbia) of that circumference. Unless I can concentrate rapidly here, or in my rear, all available troops, the result cannot be long doubtful. General Hardee still hesistates to abandon Charleston, notwithstanding I have repeatedly urgehim to do so, thereby losing several days of vital importance to future operations.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

General-in-Chief, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy commenced shelling the city this morning. He is apparently moving up toward Saluda River. Our forces occupy south bank of that stream and Congaree.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 1865-6 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

General-in-Chief, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy has forced a passage across the Saluda River above Columbia. I will endeavor to prevent him from crossing the Borad, but my forces here are so small it is doubtful whether I can prevent it. Columbia will soon have to be evacuated.

G. T. BEUREGARD.

(Same to General Hardee.)

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Pillow, at Montgomery, tenders his services to fill up ranks of Army of Tennessee, if Government will give him control of that branch of service west of Savannah Rive, subject to my orders. Assistants could be furnished him from best of supernumerary officers. I approve his proposition. It is of highest importance to collect at once all stragglers and absentees from army.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

