
by a report of facts the impressions at present prevailing. Of course the remarks and instructions are confidential, your order for the inspection being sufficient to secure you the necessary facilities.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General,.

By direction of the Adjutant and Inspector General, your accounts for personal expenses, &amp;c., upon being certified to by yourself, will be paid by any quartermaster without being referred to this office for approval.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 39. Richmond, February 16, 1865.

* * * * *

XXII. While on the way to Florida (as directed in paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 29, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series of 1865), Colonel E. E. Portlock, Jr., will make such inspection as is practicable of the cavalry under Major-General Wheeler, and of the reported depredations committed by that command while on the march. The quartermaster's department will, upon application, furnish him the necessary transportation to execute this order.

* * * * *

XXVI. Brigadier General N. G. Evans, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, and will report to General G. T. Beauregard, commanding, &c.

* * * * *

XXXIII. Brigadier General E. M. Law, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty and will report for orders to General Braxton Bragg, Wilmingon, N. C.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 1. Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865.

By order of the President, I assume command of all the troops operating in the State of South Carolina. Lieutenant-Generals Hardee and Hampston and Major-Generals Stevenson and Wheeler will report direct to these headquarers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CHARLESTON, February 16, 1865.

(Received 9. 50 a. m. 17th.)

His Excellency President DAVIS:

The following dispatch received to-day from General Beauregard:

Dispatch of to-day received, containing President's dispatch. I have far from sufficient force to hold the enemy in check in the field. He is atthis moment investing Columbias with his four corps (as reported) on the south side of Congaree. Hence I see no good reason for deviating from the plan already decided upon; on the contrary, I urge its immediate execution.

W. J. HARDEE.

