HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 17, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Columbia, S. C.:

GENERAL: My last dispatches of the 15th were returned by courier, but reforwarded yesterday with instructions to cross the Saluda and go down the north bank. Cheatham encamped last night at Norris' Store and designed moving to-day toward the left to Mount Willing and thence to Lee's Ferry. Walthall, with Stewart's corps, left yesterday, accompanied by Crews. General Stewart has not yet come up. The artillery is coming on slowly. The troops having passed General Hill is desirous of leaving. This was contemplated by you in your instructions. But should the enemy occupy Columbia and the army falls back toward the Savannah I deem it better for him to remain here. I have sent officers to Washington and Abbeville to see about stores and the pontoon bridge. Be good enough to give me further instructions about General Hill and my own movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Columbia, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that we leave here this morning, retreating in the direction of Charlotte, N. C. Chesterville, S. C., is the first point of concentration, and if it cannot be accomplished there, then Charlotte, N. C. Every inch of ground will be contested, and it is hoped Cheatham and Stewart may reach Charlotte at least in time to join us. Let the orders forCheatham and Stewart to join us remain in force and be executed with the least delay practicable, by the best and shortest routes, according to existing circumstances. The following routes might be followed by troops and trains moving to Charotte, or Chesterville, according to circumstances:

First. Augusta, Edgefield, Newberry, and Chesterville. That portion of the route from Newberry to Chesterville may be unsafe should the enemy advance northward from his present position, extending along Broad River from Columbia toward Alston. It is not yet known how near he is to the latter place.

Second. Augusta, Edgefiled, Ninety-six Depot, on the Greenville and Columbia Railroad; Huntsville, on the Laurensville and Newberry Railroad; Unionville and Chesterville.

Third. Route, Washington, Abbeville, Laurensville, Unionville, and Chesterville.

Should the concentration have to made north of Chesterville, from Laurensville, the troops should move on to Spartansburg, thence to Yorkville or Shelby, N. C, thence to Charlotte. Provisions and forage should be collected in advance, at proper points on any of the routes indicated which may be selected or adopted. Working parties should be sent in advance to repair roads and bridges, or construct bridges when required. A detachment of cavalry should accompany each

