
afternoon the gun-boat Pontiac and transport General Lee moved up the river from this point nearly to Ebenezer Church, on the Georgia side of the river, where the gun-boat halted, and the General Lee went on two or three miles farther and, in the opinion of Captain Webber, ten miles this side of Sister's Ferry. At Ebenezer Church he saw a number of rebel cavalry and indications which led him to believe there was quite a force in that vicinity. Captain Webber thinks it is forty miles from this point to Sister's Ferry by the river.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COAST DIV., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 3. Deveaux's Neck, S. C., January 23, 1865.

I. Brigadier General E. E. Potter, having been assigned to the command of the District of Beaufort, is hereby relieved from duty with this division.

II. Colonel Charles H. Van Wyck, Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, will relieve Brigadier-General Potter of the command of the First Brigade of this division.

III. The two companies of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers now on duty with this division are hereby relieved, and will proceed to, as soon as transportation can be furnished, the Northern District, Department of the South.

By command of Brigadier General J. P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CITY POINT, January 24, 1865-9. 30 a.m.

(Received 11 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I shall probably leave here by 12 noon to-morrow for Fort Fisher. All the troops of Schofield's command may be forwarded directly to that point. Meagher's command will go in the same way in the absence of further directions. If Schofield reaches Washington in time I would like to have him accompany me.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 24, 1865-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

If General Schofield does not arrive in time to join you I will send him forward on the first transport.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

