
column of troops, or each wagon train moving as above referred to. The troops and trains should not be sent in small detachments, but should move regularly, as much as circumstances will permit.

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ELEVEN MILES FROM COLUMBIA, February 17, 1865-2 p. m.

Captain SHARP,

Assistant Quartermaster, Ridgeway, S. C.:

General Beauregard directs that an engine be sent to this point as soon as possible to take forward the train with ladies, stores, &amp;c., left here this morning. If Captain Sharp is not at Ridgeway this order must be communicated by telegraph to the nearest officer or railroad agent controlling transportation.,

By command of General Beauregard:

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

RIDGEWAY, S. C., February 17, 1865.

His Excellency Governor MAGRATH,

Winnsborough, S. C.:

Please send some reliable person to Alston to ascertain the truthfulness of the reports from that place and communicate. General Wheeler is on the direct road from Columbia to Winnsborough. You can communicate with him.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. HENRY, Assistant Inspector-General:

COLONEL: General Beauregard directs you send an inspector to Barnett and Washington to inspect the condition of the road between those points and ascertain the progress made in its repair. He will look also closely into the manner in which public property is taken care of at those points. Five days' rations for 15,000 men were ordered to be stored at Washington. The condition of the road may have prevented the strict execution of this order by storing them at Barnett. He will see if they are at Barnett. From Washington he will proceed to Abbeville, S. C., examining the road to ascertain its condition and what progress is being made in its repair. He will also inquire whether any depots have been established along that route for gathering and concentrating of the tithe due from the tax in kind. A pontoon bridge has been directed to be thrown across the Savannah at the most eligible point on this road. It is desirable to know what steps have been taken in the execution of this order by Major McCrady, of Augusta, who was charged with this duty. At Abbeville, S. C., ten days' rations were ordered for15,000 men. At Washington and Abbeville he will obtain a roster of the post officers, and observe whether they are competent and efficient.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

