
instructions to that effect left with General Hardee, moving by rail to Cheraw all the infantry and artillery which can thus be transproted. Your wagon train and surplus artillery should move as light as possible to the same point, whence they will move, propertly guarded, with all the supplies they can carry to Charlotte, N. C. The troops should move from Cheraw to Charlotte, N. C. The troops should move from Cheraw to Charlotte with five days' rations and a full supply of ammunition. Not a moment should be lost in the execution of these orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 18, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Georgia:

GENERAL: There are large numbers of officers and men in this city absent from their commands. They excuse themselves by saying they do not know where their commands are, and when informed, reply they cannot walk there. A camp of direction should be established at some suitable point for the concentration of these absentees, and there kept until they be sent to their proper commands. All such should be kept out of the city. Be good enough to call the attention of Brigadier-General Fry to this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., February 18, 1865.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: In accordance with your veral instruction, I will leave here on Wednesday next unless otherwise ordered before that time. Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 18, 1865.

Captain William Stanely will proceed to inspect all the cavalry on the waters of the Ogeechee and Altamaha. He will report their strenght, condition of men, horses and wagons, efficiency of the command, and especially of commanding officers, state of discipline, andin fine will make a complete and faithful exhibit of the military and moral status of the cavalryin the regions above designated. He will instruct the cavalry that it is not expected of them to lie idle in camp, but to be constantly engaged in harassing the enemy, protecting the country, and clearing it of dislyal men.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

DOKO, February 18, 1865,.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: As Sherman marches in so extended a manner it has occurred tome that we might concentrate onone of his corps and

