
destroy it. At present the Fifteenth Corps is on the Winnsborough road, the Seventeenth on the railroad, and the other two, I suppose, across the Broad River. The country between the two corps here is rough and inaccessible, so that if we could concentrate in front of the Seventeenth Corps we might defeat it before support couild reach it. All the cavalry with the infantry could, I think one corps. I think that you might get some troops from Charleston, if they were sent by rail at once to Camden. The road to Camden, as you are aware, turns off from the Wilmington railroad seven miles beyond Kingsville. Now, if troops could come up to the junction of the Camden and Wilmington road, they could hold the crossings of theWateree till you could get re-enforcements to them. The swamp is very wide and very difficult, even in the best weather, so that a small body of troops could check a much larger one. I could send some cavalry to aid if necessary. If Sherman comes this way you will be able to get some of your troops by Camden to the line of our march. If, on the contrary, he moves on Charleston the troops at the Wateree would be in the proper position. Cheatham, too, can now join us, if you send telling him to make forced marches. With a few thousand more men we can cripple Sherman greatly.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,On Crane Creek, Six Miles from Columbia, February 18, 1865-1. 20 p. m.

Captain ALB. FERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just learned from a source not thoroughly reliable that the enemy have moved up a force on the other side of the river. I shall know in a short time definitely about it from scouts sent over the river yesterday. In the meatine I have ordered General Allen to picket Broad River up as far as Litle River and General Humes to picket it from Little River to Hughey's Ferry (General Humes crossed at Hughey's Ferry yesterday). It seems to me there is no object in burning the railroad bridge at Alston, as it would be no source of delay to the enemy and we shall need it after the enemy have passed on. I cannot see that the enemy can use that bridge for railroad purposes. They can put down pontoons quicker than they can floor the bridge to take over wagons and horses. Shall the bridge be burned? The enemy's pickets in my front to-night are about two miles from the State House, placed there about dark.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 18, 1865-7. 25 p. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward a report from Captain Vason, just received. General Anderson is encamped between Nipper's and Cedar Creek and Colonel Hagan near Frost's house, both

