
CITY POINT, VA., January 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster:

As rapidly as it can be sent in addition to previous calls, I want fifteen miles of railroad iron sent from Norfolk or elsewhere to Beaufort, N. C. Men will also be required to lay the track from New Berne to Kinston. The steamer Escort, or one of like draught and capacity, will be wanted at Beaufort for permanent use.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Beaufort, S. C., January 24, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I was directed this morning by General Sherman to write you by steamer Arago, as follows: He reached here yesterday from Savannah and this morning went up to Pocotaligo to look to matters in person, and proposes to-morrow to secure Salkehatchie bridge a demonstration, and also to then reconnoiter until Slocum gets out to high ground from Sister's Ferry. The storm has been secure and continuous for several days, delaying movements by bad roads, but now it is clear; the roads are improving rapidly and it bids fair for good weather. I may hear from the general during the night and will then dispatch you further.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Beaufort, S. C., January 24, 1865.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

DEAR ADMIRAL: Weather is now fine and promises us dry land. I will go to-day to Pocotaligo and Coosawhatchie. To-morrow will demonstrate on Salkehatchie, and would be obliged if you would feel up Edisto or Stono, just to make the enemy uneasy on that flank, and to develop if he intends to hold fast to Charleston and Columbia both. It will take five days for Slocum to get out of the savannas of Savannah, and during that time I will keep Howard seemingly moving direct on Charleston, though with no purpose of going beyond the Salkehatchie.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HILTON HEAD, January 24, 1865-4 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

This northwest wind will dry up the roads and drain the swamps. The Sonoma is in the North Edisto; the Dai Ching in the Combahee, with orders to annoy the rebels as much as possible; to land and drive in their pickets. The Pawnee is just leaving for the South Edisto. I

