
BATTERY LEE,

February 19, 1865.

Major PARKER:

A number of enemy's boats advanced up the river; fourteen in sight of Battery Campbell. Opened upon them from Campbell only with Parrott and 32-pounder guns. After a few rounds from our battery boats retired.

P. C. GAILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

UPPER TOWN CREEK BRIDGE,

February 19, 1865-9. 45 a. m.

Colonel ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Inform General Hoke that my column is crossing Town Creek bridge and going into position. Colonel Lipscomb just heard from on road to upper bridge. We have brought off everything for field service, field batteries, &amp;c., Loss sight. Enemy charged my picket-line in heavy skirmish force just as we were about withdrawing it a little before day, and had to retire fighting. The bridges of the canal were, however, burned and the sluices of Orton Pond cut. No pursuit beyond. Ask General Hoke for orders for me. This place needs much work if it is to be held for any length of time.

JOHNSTON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 20, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Winnsborough, S. C.:

The Secretary of War directs that you give orders to the local commanders for the removal of all supplies on Sherman's route, and that if they cannot be removed they be destroyed as soon as they become liable to capture.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

(Letter of same purport to Generals Homes and Bragg, and commandants of posts at Yorkville and Chester, S. C., and Charlotte, Salisbury, and Greensborough, N. C.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42. Richmond, February 20, 1865.

* * * * *

XXIII. Captain J. C. Abrams, assistant commissary of subsistence, will proceed without delay to Charlotte, N. C., for the purpose of effecting the rapid removal to Virginia of the stores now accumulated at that point, and to make such arrangements as may be necessary for the collection of supplies. He will thence proceed to Greensborough, Raleigh, Weldon, Goldsborough, and Wilmington, and cover with the chief commissary and subordinate officers at the respective points, urge

