
the utmost activity in the collection and shipment of stores to Virginia, and impress upon all the necessity for prompt contributions to meet the wants of the troops dependent on the State of North Carolina.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITE OAK, February 20, 1865.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

There are so many roads in this section of country on which enemy can move toward Charlotte it is impossible with my small force of infantry to remove or destroy all supplies. Your instructions will, however, be carried out as far as practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHESTERVILLE, February 20, 1865.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

General McLaws reports from Monk's Corner that Charleston was successfully evacuated on the night of the 17th instant. Enemy reported by General Wheeler to be advancing on this place, being six milesnorth of Monticello.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, VA., February 20, 1865.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau:

GENERAL: You will proceed with all dispach to the headquarters of Gneeral Beauregard, with whom you will advise as to the movement of his forces, the roads most available to effect the earliest possible junction of his trops, which should be effected before a battle with the enemy is risked. You will also advised as to the various and most efficient means of delaying the enemy's march by obstructins and othrwise. You will keep the general advised as to the subjects discussed, movements of the troops, and all other matters of interest. You will show this letter to General Beauregard and convey to him the views this day expressed to you on the subject of the operations with which he is charged.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 20, 1865.

Captain BUCHANAN, Engineers:

CAPTAIN: General Beauregard directs that you will proceed at once to the point on the Savannah River, via Washington, Ga., where the road from Washington to Abbeville, S. C., crosses. A pontoon bridge has been ordered to be constructed at that or some eligible point near by. You will confer with the engineer in charge of the work and give

