
him such aid as you can. Neither flooring nor sleepers are coming on with the pontoon train. See that they are promptly and expeditiously made for sixty boats. After this duty shall have been discharged you will proceed without delay to make a thorough examination of the country and roads between Washington and Abbeville. You will call on the quartermaster at Washington for a horse and equipments. Should it be necessary he is authorized to impress them for your use temporarily. Should it be necessary to do so they will be first valued and certificate of same, setting forth all the facts, given to the owner.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,February 20, 1865.

General P. M. B. YOUNG,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: An order has been received from General Beauregard requiring you to cover trains passing from this point to Newberry Court-House. Under this order you cannot cross the Congaree, but I think you may sweep up toward Columbia and then follow up the Saluda, covering the roads leading into the road between Augusta and McNary's Ferry. I regret the order, as I had hoped great things from your dash and enterprise, but it is my duty to apprise you of it. Keep me constantly apprised of your poistion, as well as of the movements of the Yankees.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, February 20, 1865.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatches received. I will give General Bragg all the assistance in my power. Have called out every man liable to duty in the State. I can't destroy provisions without a force of cavalry.

Z. B. VANCE.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Near White Oak, S. C., February 20, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Colonel D,. H. Hamilton, the bearer of this, has been directed to proceed to Raleigh, Wilmington, and Florence to communicate to yourself, Governor Vance, and Major-General McLaws my views upon the subject-matter of my telegram of the 19th instant. He will also inform you of the movements of Cheatham and Stwart, and I would respectfully request that you rendedr him every assistance, that the troops under these officers may move promptly to the same point that the troops under Major-General McLaws have been ordered.

Respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

