
FAYETTEVILLE, February 22, 1865.
General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Will the enemy be opposed should be march on Fayetteville?

F. L. CHILDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[FEBRUARY 22, 1865.]

Lieutenant-Colonel CHILDS,

Fayetteville:

The enemy's superior force will, I fear, enable him to send a detachment against you, which can only be met by your own resources.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

FEBRUARY 22, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: At the suggestion of Mr. McRae, of the Raleigh Confederate, I inclose to you some extracts from the Raleigh Standard and Progress of a treasonable character. With the State of North Carolina assailed on every side how can we hope for success when such publications are permitted.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. TAYLOR WOOD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RALEIGH, February 7, 1865.

[Colonel J. TAYLOR WOOD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: When I was in Richmond I stated the General matters in North Carolina that were going amiss, and recommended the policy which I though would strengthen the Administration and the Government. First of all, the friends of the Administration should fill the Confederate offices, and they should be carefully selected with reference to their character, and they should be carefully selected with reference to their character as gentlemen and men of unquestionable fidelity. I trust that General Breckinridge (to whom you or at liberty to show this letter) will appreciate what I say. I am prepared alone, or in conference with whatever friends the President may select, to recommend such officers as would be the right men to fill the posts in this place. We have news of the result of Messrs. Stephens', &c., conference with Lincoln. It does not disappoint me; but it produces no change here. Holden's papr and the Progress to-day are unequivocally for submissiion, i. e. they repeat their peace agitation and declare anew the incompetency of the Government to secure peace. They both recommend State action and the former urges meetings of the people to agitate for a convention, and Judge Pearson on the receipt of information that our commissioners had received the ulimatum of Lincoln, proposed in the House of Commons a resolution that the terms were incompatible with honor or safety, and that we ought to resist with all our means. The resolution was stifled by Messrs. Carter and others. It is apparent that the friends of the Government and the cause here will be crushed unless more strength is put forth. Can it be possible that these disturbing elements are to be still allowed to work their evil when the Confederacy is put upon the distinct issue of ignominious surrender? If so, I have no hope, for in the appeal to the people they have all the prejudices, and, what is worse, they have the

