
[From the Confederate.]

Taking it for granted that we are all united in the determination to resist to the death the ignominious and degrading terms which the invaders of our country dictate to us, and that the true-hearted people of North Carolina will emulate the hardy and invincible resolution of Virginia, we propose to our contemporaries of the press in Raleigh to unite in an invitation to the people adjacent to Raleigh to assemble in mass meeting in order to give expression to the sentiments of loyalty and the determination of patriotism; that our delegation in congress and such other distinguished citizens of the State as hold the confidence of the people - without reference to political affiliations or differences of opinion - be invited to be present and address the people on the condition of the country; and that steps may be taken to harmonize and united all the elements of society, in the common effort to defend our threatened liberties. We ask a response from them.

[From the Progress.]

The "moster mass" meetings being held in Richmond are noticed in all the papers of that city with show-bill headings, but nothing is said about recruits. There is great "enthusiasm" at the meetings, but not a man is put in the army. When till these farces cease?

[From the Progress.]

THE SITUATION.

Things are so confused that there is but little to say about the military situation. Sherman is in South Carolina, seemingly having things his own way. A portion of his force has crossed the Edisto River, near Branchville, but how far he has advanced, or for what point the aims, we are not advised. He is reported as moving on both Augusta and Columbia, but we shall be greatly surprised if he don't move his main force on Charleston while demonstrating on the other two places. We know nothing of the strength of our own force in South Carolina any more than we do of the magnitude of Sherman's army, but if the enemy are not in possession of both Charleston and Wilmington before the March winds have finished their requiem we shall be disappointed. In fact, the evacuation of both of these cities as an early day will not astonish us. These are our convictions, and we see no harm to come of expressing them. And then what? Sherman being able to maintain himself in South Carolina, and the whole country beyond the Savannah River at the mercy of the foe, the two main Federal armies, one in Virginia and the other in South Carolina, will press forward, having General Lee and our army now in South Carolina between them, and the probability is that during the coming summer the thing will be "fought out" and the "last ditch" reached somewhere here in North Carolina, certainly between the Pedee and the Roanoke rivers. The negroes may be put in, or they may be kept out, but the end will come speedily and the result will be the same.

They may whip us or we may whip them - it will depend upon the number, courage, and endurance of the troops - but the campaign of the coming spring and summer will be the last. If we conquer the enemy, we shall have everything our own way, but if they conquer us, we shall be subjugated provinces. These are the facts, and we may as well state them. Peace and equality might be had now by conciliation and compromise, but if we go and lose, we lose all and become the slaves

