
[From the Standard.
Mr. EDITOR: In the characteristic and eloquent speech of Honorable Mr. Turner, published in your last issue, a very graphic parallel is drawn between the combatants in the present awful struggle and the old Romans and Carthagenians, led on respectively by Scipio and Hannibal. I quote from the speech:

"The two colossal powers of the new continent well represent the two powers of the old. The North, old, rich, crafty, and more perficous than Carthage; the South, young, poor, robust, and brave as Rome.

Now that the two armies upon Powhatan's parent stream impend like two clouds surcharged with electricity, with whose contact must come the thunder shock; now that Hannibal and Scipio eye each other from head to foot; now that they are ready when spring opens to close again with each other; now, while there is a pause in the storm, in the name of God, in the name of humanity, let the statesman say, 'Peace, be still. ' Let the statesman say, as Napoleon said to the King of England, after his hundred battles, 'Sire, is it not time for peace?' And if peace follows not an honest effort at negotiation, then let young Rome gather all her forces for one last appalling effort, and God grant she may sweep perfidious Carthage from the face of the earth. "

Mr. Editor, has not the "honest effort" been made? Have we not done all that could be done consistent with dignity and honor? Have we not almost prostrated ourselves "before the throne," and have we not been spurned? As it seems that peace could not follow this honest effort at negotiation, ought we not now with one voice sternly say, now "let young Rome gather all her forces for one last appalling effort, and God grant she may sweep perfidious Charthage from the face of the earth!" What more can we do? Ought we not now to be united? If we fall in the struggle, we at least saved our honor. If we submit, we lose all, and honor too. I think I may appeal to you to save the country from that last deep degradat has accorded to your paper honest intentions, coupled with great power and influence in our good old State (though in many things compelled to differ with you in sentiment), may I not without presumption urge no a reunion to save Rome in her struggle for life? She needs your strong arm and asks it. Shall she ask in vain?

W.

We cheerfully give our subscriber and correspondent a hearing, though we have differed with him politically. But while we have seriously considered what he has said, it seems to us that we should bear in mind, while commencing to fight de novo, the following verses from Holy Writ:

For which of you, intending to build and tower, sitteth not down first and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?

Last haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behond it begin to mock him,

Saing, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.

Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?

Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth conditions of peace. - St. Luke, 14th chaper, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st and 32nd verses.

