
ROCK HILL, S. C., February 22, 1865-9. 40 a. m.

General HAMPTON,

Chester, S. C.:

Should enemy move in direction of Catawba Valley send parties on each side of river to remove or destroy all supplies, as already directed.

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROCK HILL, S. C., February 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General WADE HAMPTON,

Chesterville, S. C.:

Dispatch of yesterday relative to Cadets should read "could not" instead of "would not. " Please correct it.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

ROCK HILL, February 22, 1865.

General HAMPTON,

Chester, S. C.:

Kanapaux is with Stevenson. Order will be given as desired by you on arrival in Charlotte.

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,February 23, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of the order* assigning you to command and trust that you will be able to enter at once upon the discharge of your duties. General Beauregard, upon whose cheerful and zealous support I need not say you can fully rely, with apprise you of the present condition of affairs. Leaving the adoption of the best measures of defense to your skill and judgment, I will only suggest what has occurred to me from the information I have received. I have doubted whether it was General Sherman's intention to move by way of charlotte, Greensborough, and Danville, toward Richmond, as the difficulties attending that course would be very great. I thought that after a demonstration in [that] direction, laying waste the country and destroying the railroads, he would turn toward the coast and reopne his communications and endeavor to unite with the army of General Schofield, operating on the Cape Fear River. The latest intelligence from General Hampton would indicate that General Sherman is moving eastwardly toward Camden. Should such be his purpose the troops that withdrew from Charleston toward Monk's Corner would be in some danger of falling between General Sherman and General Schofield, and I think it would be best to move them as rapidly as possible to Fayetteville, or any other convenient point whence they can proceed to General Beauregard's army, or be otherwise used as you see fit. The movement

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 3, p. 1248.

---------------

