
ment, Lieutenant Colonel Stewart L. Woodford, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, will perform the duties of that office, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: In regard to the stores to be assigned to traders, as well as other buildings and other property to be rented, I wish to state to you that in order to carry out the idea of General Sherman, of everything being captures of war and belonging as such to the United States, you will collect rents from all traders and others allowed to occupy vacant stores or buildings until such times as the presumed owners thereof satisfy you of their loyalty, and also of their title to the property. No oaths of allegiance must be required or even received until you are satisfied of the entire faithfulness of the person wishing to take the oath. After on are satisfied, and have allowed the person to take the oath of allegiance, you must also allow him to receive the rents of his property. Whatever quartermaster you direct to receive rents or other moneys must be required to keep a separate account of the same as a civil fund and have said account audited monthly by you. The proper expenses to be charged to this fund are repairs of wharves, roads, streets, cleaning streets, steam fire engine, extra clerks, &c. It must not become know that the taking the oath will weigh in favor of the claimants to property, although it will in reality as soon as you are satisfied of the purity of intention of the persons desiring to take it.

Respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, January 24, 1865.

(Received 2. 55 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

Arrived here last night from Pittsburg to make arrangements from proceeding with all practicable speed to Savannah. This moment received your dispatch. My division, close upon 6,500 strong, coming up by river to Pittsburg, cannot reach there before Thursday, owing to the ice and deficiency of water transportation at Nashville on arrival of the troops from Chattanooga last Sunday week. First Brigade at Louisville before I left for Pittsburg. Have telegraphed my quartermaster at Pittsburg to secure the necessary transportation to Washington via Harrisburg and Baltimore, instead of to New York, as previously ordered, subject to your instructions. I shall proceed without delay to Baltimore and await the division there.

THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

