
FEBRUARY 23, 1865.

[General STEWART:]

I wrote you a few moments since. Inclosed I send you a communication from Colonel Crews. Prospects for boats are gloomy. I will order him, if possible, to get some boats from the Saluda River, even as high up as McNary's Ferry. I am afraid that, on account of the mill-dams, it will be difficult to get them out.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CREWS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Seven Miles from Columbia on the Columbia and

Frog Level Road, February 23, 1865-7. 30 p. m.

Colonel PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I sent for a boat this morning which I learn is fifteen miles above Freshly's Ferry. There was also one at Freshly's Ferry which I thought could be repaired. Left some workmen there this morning for the purpose of repairing it. The officer in charge writes me it cannot be done. There is no other flat between there and Columbia. The stream is between 400 and 500 yards wise. I think you will have considerable difficulty in crossing, unless you have some flats built. There is a ford at Freshly's, which I think your men might wade. There is one opposite this point which I think I can get my horses across with considerable difficulty. Wagons cannot cross at either. Should it rain so as to raise the river, I do not think the river could be crossed at either ford. I think there is no enemy near the river on the other side. I sent out scouts this morning. Hardly think I will hear from them to-night, as there will be some difficulty in their crossing the river. The enemy has destroyed nearly all the forage in this vicinity. It is extremely difficult to get any forage for horses. I dispatched you late yesterday evening and this morning. Have not heard from you since I left Newberry

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. C. CREWS,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Chesterville, S. C., February 23, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General CHEATHAM,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Lieutenant General Wade Hampton directs me to inclose to you the accompanying telegram just received orders from General Beauregard. At the present time General Hampton considers the route to Chesterville clear, and in accordance with the instructions of the commanding general desires you to move at once by rapid marches to this place. He has received intelligence that you crossed the Ennoree River yesterday morning, and he presumes that you are now in the vicinity of Unionville, and directs me to indicate the following as the route which you should take, viz: From Unionville to cross the Broad River at Love's Ford, just below Turkey Creek, thence by Carmel Hill Post-Office to this place. He sends you a guide, the bearer of this, Private E. B. Lawson, who is well acquainted with the country. General Hampton will keep the roads on this side of Broad River leading to your line of march picketed, and

