
may stop them temporarily. Enemy's movement would seem to indicate Cheraw and Fayetteville as their present objective point. General Taylor reports from Meridian, Miss., on the 15th, twenty-five transports loaded with troops, accompanied by General Thomas, reached Vicksburg on the 13th instant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,In the Field, Charlotte, N. C., February 24, 1865.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directs that your order the headquarters' staff of the Army of Tennessee to report to General J. E. Johnston, at or near this place, as soon as possible. The officer of the adjutant-general's department should be directed to bring with him such records as will be indispensable to a reorganization. he further orders that the troops and trains of that army (except the light artillery) as have arrived at Augusta (accompnied by Young's division of cavalry, if not indispensable to the safety of Augusta) to move to this place via Newberry, Unionville, and Yorkville, or Chesterville; should movements of enemy permit it, latter route. The light batteries of the Army of Tennessee now at Augusta and Macon will remain at those points until further orders, reporting themselves to their headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Salisbury, N. C.:

No orders at present except to be prepared to move off everything valuable at moment's notice.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., February 24, 1865-8. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON,

Chester, S. C.:

Movement of enemy across Wateree endangers Hardee's march on this place via Cheraw. Send him courier to warn him of his danger, and hurry him foward. I have done same from here.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLOTTE, N. C, February 24, 1865-9. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON,

Chesterville, S. C.:

Can Stevenson's command act advantageously without embarrassing movements of your cavalry, by operating from Chester or Winnsborough against enemy's rear in his apparent movement eastward?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

