
CHESTER, February 24, 1865-11 a. m.

General BEAUREGARD:

He (General Stevenson) can do nothing now. Will let you know if he can strike. Command has gone. I am just moving.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Newberry, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your dispatch of 1. 30 p. m. yesterday to General Cheatham, inclosing telegram from General Beauregard, has just been received here by me. I reached here yesterday morning. Found General Cheatham had returned to this place the day before and was moving his troops by rail to Pomaria, preparatory to going round by the route indicated in General Beauregard's instructions of the 19th instant. Yesterday evening General C. went to Pomaria himself, where all the troops he had with him are encamped. There will be more, perhaps 2,000 or more, from Augusta to-morrow. I will communicate with General C. immediately, and then decide whether to move as indicated in General B. 's dispatch of yesterday or by the one indicated in instructions of 19th. I suppose General B. 's order of yesterday was based on the supposition that Cheatham was still on the march and had not returned to this place. My own opinion is we can still move by route C. started on with better hope of getting up in time than by the railroad. I cannot decide until I can see General C. again or communicate with him. I will dispatch you again.

Very respectfully,

ALEX P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., February 24, 1865-12. 20 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Near Wilmington, N. C.:

Enemy has moved from Winnsborough to Catawba River, which he has crossed at several points. This may indicate a movement on Cheraw, Fayetteville, and Goldsborough, or Raleigh. Be prepared accordingly. Could not Cape Fear River be thoroughly obstructed low down to prevent him from getting supplies from Wilmington?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 16. In the Field, February 24, 1865.

The following officers of the general staff are announced as chiefs of their departments at these headquarters: Major S. V. Reid, commissary of subsistence; Surg. T. G. Richardson, acting medical director.

By order of General Bragg:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

