
PITTSBURG, January 24, 1865-11. 30 a.m.

(Received 2. 20 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Your telegram to General Meagher has been shown to me. * He left here yesterday. Orders have been given as directed by you. Troops have not arrived and I am unable to say where they are.

O. CROSS,

Colonel and Deputy Quartermaster-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 25, 1865-12 noon.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

I have received orders to furnish transportation to North Carolina for some 1,500 troops, 300 Artillery horses, a pontoon train of 30 boats, including 44 teams - making about 500 animals - and also 350 employs of the railroad, with iron, &amp;c. You will observe that we shall require all the transportation of a suitable character that is here now or that will arrive to-day. I am expecting the Neptune and Warrior, both of which will be required. Should the construction corps at Alexandria call on you for transportation to New Berne for men and material I request you will furnish it.

R. INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Pocotaligo, S. C., January 25, 1865.

Colonel J. T. CONKLIN,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have ordered General Logan to move Friday morning, with the wagons loaded, from Beaufort with the portion of his corps there, viz, Hazen's, Woods', and a brigade of John E. Smith's; also Engineer Regiment. Now, if they don't have enough supplies there they can send their supply wagons to Blair's landing and fill up. General Smith (John E.) will draw from Hatch's landing. Don't fear to send up too large a quantity, for Hatch will stay here and can live on what they leave. Thirty days' sugar, coffee, and salt, from fifteen to twenty days' hard bread, what meat we can get in, five days' forage. I mean either that or the nearest approximation. My headquarters will be at Blair's landing. We must leave here all right Monday next (this sub rosa).

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 5. Beaufort, S. C., January 25, 1865.

The following are the instructions of the Major-general commanding relative to his staff and headquarters, in view of the coming campaign, viz:

I. The headquarters for the field will be stripped of every article not strictly necessary in the field. Officers' baggage and office furni-

---------------

*See p. 119.

---------------

