
have retained him. Not being able to anticipate what new combinations might take place, and in view of the change, regarding the route via Washington and Abbeville as not practicable at present, I directed all our wagons to move in this direction, so that they might be at hand for future orders.

I forward you a copy of a letter from General Taylor in relation tot he wants of his department. The means to supply them are not in our power. Dispatches from him show that he is apprehensive of being overrun. They have been sent to you. In view of this I have directed all the surplus commissary stores of that department to be collected this side of the Chattahoochee for our future wants. General Taylor has likewise notified General Cobbg that he must fortify and defend Columbus and West Point, and in consequence of this Governor Brown has notified General Fry this morning that he has ordered away all the militia of Georgia from this place. The effect of this movement will uncover this place and expose it to a raid from Charleston and Savannah. I have so telegraphed Governor Brown. In the vent that he has this order executed I shall retain here the troops now organized under Generals Featherston and Shelley, to maintain the lines defending this place, and as General Young is the ranking officer, will assign him to command all the forces of the district. This is necessary as there should be but one responsible and controlling head. I will be glad to hear from you on these subjects and receive your instructions. I would have followed General Hill, but the new change in events induced me to remain. I would especially be glad to know what to do with the furloughed commands as they arrive and are organized.

I am, respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Charlotte, March 9, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to General Johnston.

Major-General Young has been ordered, if he has not yet covered the Santee, to remain in vicinity of Augusta, to protect that place against expeditions sent out from Charleston and Savannah, and to destroy the railroad, if possible, between Branchville and Charleston, and to use every means in his power to prevent the running of trains to Branchville, S. C. All the wagons of the Army of Tennessee have been ordered to this point, and the orders were vetoed on the 7th instant, with instructions if they had not yet started from Augusta, that the 2,000,000 rounds of small ammunition referred to by Colonel Kenneard in his dispatch of the 6th he brought over in the advance and supply trains of the army. Orders have also been given for troops arriving in Augusta to be collected, organized, and sent forward under proper officers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MACON, GA., February 25, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

The present orders are that the army trains shall be used to carry Major Molloy's stores across the break. Colonel Kennard orders

