
Captain Humphreys to ship to Camak all his ordnance stores, of which he has 700 wagon loads that have arrived by rail. What portion of these trains shall be devoted to transport ordnance stores? I know not which are the most immediately needed.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjtuant-General.

UNIONVILLE, S. C., February 25, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have just received information that a raid in force under the direction of General Stoneman is now in preparation, having for its object the upper districts of the State. Colonel Palmer is, I understand, at Asheville with a small force said to be badly organized. If the State militia and the State Cadets are with your forces I will thank you to detach them; and to Colonel Goodwyn, who commands these troops, I have given directions where to march them. It is to this force that the security of the State can only be instrusted; there is no other force in the State. General Hardee promised me that as soon as he could spare these troops from the lines around Charleston he would send them to me. They had been spared to him under great disadvantages. Unless I can get these troops here, if the raid of General Stoneman is executed, it will waste the whole State. If these troops are not with your army you may be able to direct the courier where he can find Colonel Goodwyn, who is in command of the brigade.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. G. MAGRATH.

The raid is said to be organizing in Cocke County, Tenn.

GENERAL ORDERS, CHARLOTTE, N. C.,

Numbers 1. February 25, 1865.

In obedience to the orders of the general-in-chief the undersigned assumes command of the Army of Tennessee and all troops in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. He takes this position with strong hope, because he will have in council and in the field the aid of the high talents and skill of the distringuished general whom he succeeds. He exhorts all absent soldiers of the Army of Tennessee to rejoin their regiments and again confront the enemy they so often encountered in Northern Georgia, and always with honor. He assures his comrades of that army who are still with their colors that the confidence in their discipline and valor which he has publicly expressed is undiminished.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

NEWBERRY, S. C., February 25, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

I arrived here day before yesterday. Found General Cheatham had returned to this place from the direciton of Unionville and was sending his troops to Pomaria preparatory to moving by route indicated in your instructions of 19th. On yesterday your telegram of 23rd and

