
instructions of same date from General Hampton to General Cheatham were received. I suppose they were based upon the supposition that Cheatham was marching on and had not returned to this point. However, an examination of the rivers proves that it will require several days, possibly a week, to cross the Broad and Wateree and reach Manchester. I am of opinion, in which Cheatham concurs, that we cannot get round by that route to the point indicated in time. I shall, therefore, march to Unionville and thence direct our march according to information we may receive from General Hampton. Cheatham will move from Pomaria in the morning. Some troops under Loring and Lowry are expected here to-day. If they arrive I will start here to-morrow, and will press forward as rapidly as possible. It seems unfortunate that General Cheatham did not continue his march, though he acted under the impression that it was your intention from the order of the 19th that he should return and take the other route. Considerable rains have made the roads heavy and our progress will not be so rapid as I could desire.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers -. Newberry, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Captain B. Kavanaugh, commanding detachment First Alabama Cavalry, will take charge of the prisoners at this point (Captain Brazier and twenty-five men) and move to-morrow morning at sunrise with three days' cooked rations, taking the road to Jones' Ferry on the Ennoree, and then toward Unionville. He will also take with him the horses (thirty or thirty one) which were brought from Laurensville and which were taken from these men. He will get from Captain Walker, commanding post, all the papers relating to these men, and horses and men will be turned over to General Hampton at the proper time. Captain Kavanaugh will march a little in advance of the infantry column and camp each night near by. During the march he will keep his men well closed up, allowing no straggling and maintaining order day and night.

By command of Lieutenant-General Stewart:

W. D. GALE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,

Augusta, Ga., February 25, 1865.

Major General P. M. B. YOUNG, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you copies of communication from General Beauregard of the [19th] instant to Major-General Cheatham and one from General Cheatham to General Hille. They will advise you fully of the change of movements. Under existing circumstances you had [better], whilst covering the roads to Augusta from the direction of Columbia and Charleston and the crossings of the Savannah River, move with a part of your command to open up communication with General Cheatham in the neigborhood of Columbia, Statesburg, or Manchester. The movement of the forces by that route should be sufficiently covered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

