
Brattonville to-night. Hagan is moving up the main Fishing Creek and will cross at the first practicable ford. I think I will succeed in crossing at Lowry's Ford to-morrow; I greatly fear that before I reach the river it will not be fordable at Landsford. After crossing creek I shall make inquiries, and if I learn that it is not fordable at that point I shall move directly to Thorn's and Mason's Ferries and cross there. I learn there are no flats on the river below Thorn's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' DIVISION,February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following statement of a scout: Scout were into Lancaster about 12 m. yesterday and found there a scout of the enemy about forty strong. Captured a mounted infantryman (Federal), who stated that there was a division of cavalry (Federal) a few miles from Lancaster on the Brown's Ferry road. Prisoner says that the enemy's division of cavalry would encamp where it was for the night (last night). Another scout went into Lancaster late in the evening and found that the enemy had left. The prisoner captured by the first scout was recaptured on its return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.

ROCK HILL, February 25, 1865.

General BEAUREGARD:

Small force cavalry entered Lancaster and retired last night. No movements this morning. Infantry crossed at Rocky Mount and Peay's Ferry.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

MASSEY HOUSE, NEAR CURETON'S FERRY,

February 25, 1865-10 a. m.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I sent dispatches to you yesterday from Fort Mills, giving you information of the movements of the enemy. He crossed at Rocky Mount and Peay's Ferry, and a small force cavalry came to Lancaster Court-House yesterday. Prisoners say that they are going to Charlotte. The roads are so bad that I doubt if the enemy moves to-day. I hope to get some artillery soon by which I can check his advance. If the Blakely guns are ready and have ammunition I should like to have them at Fort Mills. Ammunition can be sent from Richmond, if none is in Charlotte. I beg that you will order all cavalry equipments that can be had collected at Charlotte. I have directed General Wheeler to locate the enemy and to attack if possible. I shall cover the

