HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 26, 1865.

Major KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta:

MAJOR: You will report to Major-General Young, Augusta, for instructions temporarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Charlotte, N. C., February 26, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE, Cheraw, S. C.:

GENERAL: The enemy at last accounts having been at Rocky Mount and Peay's Ferry, on the Catawba River, and it being still undetermined whether he will move thence upon this place or upon Fayetteville. N. C., via Cheraw, you will please concentrate your forces a srapidly as possible at the latter place and there hold them in readiness to move at a moment's notice, either on this point, as laready instructed, or to oppose his advance as long as possible should he march by the way of Cheraw, in which event Hampton's cavalry will co-operate with you. Should any movement of Schofield from Wilmington threaten to intercept your march upon Fayetteville and you are not strong enough to give him battle you will then retire slowly in the direction of Raleigh, doing all in your power to check your adversary's advance at all favorable positions. A line of couriers has been established hence to Fayettevillek, via Cheraw or Rockingham, as the mvoements of the enemy shall make necessary. Please keep General Bragg (who is still near Wilmington) and myself advised of your movements and of those of the enemy which may come to your knowledge. There is telegraphic commucation from Fayetteville with these headquarters. Your engineers should repair forthwith the roads and bridges on the route to Fayetteville and Salisbury, including, especially, a new bridge across Rocky River. In conclusion, I will again call your attention to the importance of saving surplus stores and supplies of all description at Cheraw. To that end they should be held stored in train, ready at the proper moment to be sent by rail either in the direction of the Santee River or toward Manchester, or even to Camden, as may become most judicious in view of known movements of the enemy. In case of a retrograde movement before the enemy you will please remove or destroy all supplies of every kind liable to fall into his hands, in which connection I inclose General Orders, Numbers 4, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Cheraw, S. C., February 26, 1865-2 p. m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Military Division of the West:

GENERAL: Your dispatches have been received and your instructions will be carried out as far as practicable. The movements of the

81 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

