HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,On Road from White Oak to Rocky Mount,

February 26, 1865-6 a. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

We wrote you yesterday by a scouting party from the Eighth Confederate that the enemy had all crossed the river and that we would move down toward Peay's Ferry and Camden and try to cross, and sent out scouts night before last to ascertain the condition of things, when they found every boat destroyed and no means of crossing the river. Wateree Creek was past fording, and we moved up it and got upon this road and are moving this morning to Landsord and will cross the Catawba first chance. Our men ran out of rations yesterday dn every mill on this side has been burned by the enemy, consequently we will move as rapidly as possible until we can get out of this section and to where we can get rations, and will overtake you as soon as possible. If we had been one day sooner could have got 100 stragglers. It would be of great service to people to have a force in the rear all the while to prevent these stragglers committing so many depredations. If we can cross at Landford will do so; aim to reach that vicinity to-night, and would be glad to receive orders as to what to do there. Unless otherwise ordered shall move up to the command, unless I can see on opportunity of accomplishing something in the rear.

The enemy have large droves of cattle and very large wagon trains, all guarded by infantry. Sometimes large guards and at others small. Negroes report they hung eitheen Confederate soldiers in retaliation for killing theirs, but I can't find out certainly. They say it was done between Wateree Meeting-House and Rocky Mount. I have sent a scout down this side the creek to learn certainly. They burned a great many houses through the country, robbed every one, have caused negroes to take everything they wanted out of houses, and defied the owners to molest them. We yesterday saw a Mrs. Mobly (whose husband is in Second South Carolina Cavalry), and intelligent lady, living in a negro cabin, and her negroes in possession of her clothing, bedding, bacon, &amp;c. I sent a detail and had it all gathered up and returned and her moved to another house. Such is the case wherever they go. A small party could accomplish much for citizens in regulating negroes. I am more than willing to bring up the rear if I can so arrange it as to feed the men, and hope not to be bothered by high waters again. It has rained incessantly and every creek is overflown. The Yankess cldaned out every horse, mule, and cow in their line. Their infantry treat citizens much worse than cavalry. All express the greatest horror at the idea of falling into the hands of Wheeler's cavalry.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, &c.

CHARLOTTE, February 26, 1865-7. 30 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Rockfish Creek, near Wilmington, N. C.:

Should enemy move as supposed the plan proposed is the best, if concentration can be made in time, especially before Sherman and Schofield could unite. Johnston now commands here.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

