
I shall move down the Lancaster road at an early hour to-morrow morning for the purpose of rejoining the corps. I shall send out scouts to-night to learn where the enemy's is, and also where corps headquarters are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BUTLER'S CAVALRY DIVISION,February 27, 1865-12. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding Troops Near Society Hill and Cheraw:

GENERAL: I encounted the Fifth Army Corps, General Logan commanding, at Tiller's Bridge this morning, engaged them, and captured some prisoners. Their foragers have extended from the river as far as Kellytown, where I am now encamped. On the 24th the Fifteenth Corps, leading the enemy's advance, moved from Flat Rock, in Kershaw District, and encamped near Porter's Bridge, on Little Lynch's Creek. The Seventeenth Corps was then moving from the Catawba River above Liberty Hill toward Flat Rock. The Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps at that date were in rear of the other two corps. The general movement of Sherman's forces at that time was understood to be upon Camden, which, I presume, was occupied on the 23rd and 24th. The Fifteenth Corps, which has been encamped on the south side of Lynch's Creek for two days, seems to have halted to await the arrival of the other three corps. Their next movement will probably be developed to-morrow, whether on Cheraw or toward Florence I have not been able to form any definite conclusion. I think that if our troops were concentrated now and thrown rapidly upon the Fifteench Corps very serious damage may be inflicted. If the enemy turn down Lynch's Creek I wille ndeavor to cross over into Sumter District and get in front of them. I should be glad to have all the available mounted men sent to me as soon as possible. It is very desirable that some force be sent to hold the bridges on Lynch's Creek and the country between that stream and the Pedee River, so that I may be able to effect the withdrawal of my command from Sumter of Williamsburg District. I have not been in communication with General Hampton or General Beauregard since the 21st instant. After leaving Winnsborough I was ordered to attempt to reach the rear of the enemy, who was then moving on Chester, the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps on the east side of the railroad, constituting his Right Wing, and the Fourteenth and Twentieth, his Left Wing, on the west side. The enemy changed direction his left flank ever since. Prisoners taken on the 23rd report Sherman's army to have only five days' ration, and were moving toward Wilmington or Georgetown. He has been foraging very extensively along his line of march, no house within reacfh of his main column has been passed by, and all supplies have been taken from the inhabitants by foraging parties of infantry mounted on captured horses.

Respectfully,

M. C. BUTLER,

Major-General.

