
every exertion and taken every precaution to insure their safety. A rapid march of the enemy will bring him here to-morrow. If he takes the direct road to this place I shall oppose him at Thompson's Creek.

with high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

Since writing a train with troops has arrived and I have reason to hope that those behind, the track being now open, will soon be here.

W. J. H.

CHARLOTTE, February 28, 1865.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE, Raleigh:

Should Sherman come this way I recommend the neighborhood of Danville. Should he turn toward Fayetteville, Salisbury would be safe.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Richmond, February 28, 1865.

* * * * *

IX. Captain T. H. Jordan, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty with W. W. Allen's brigade (Colonel James Hagan commanding), of Wheeler's cavalry corps. He will report to General Joseph E. Johnston, at Charlotte, N. C.

* * * * *

XI. Major J. B. Dorman, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., now on duty at Camp of Instruction, near this city, is assigned to duty with Major General D. H. Hill, at Augusta, Ga., and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SCAIFE'S FERRY, S. C.,

February 28, 1865-4. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have just arrived at the ferry. I find the river so full that it is very difficult to cross, there being no means of crossing but by poling the flat. I send a scout across the river and go to work to prepare oars for the purpose of rowing across. I shall not be able to cross my squadron to-night. I see citizens directly from Cheserville, who report no enemy between here and that place, nor near there. All reports seem to concur that the enemy is crossing the Catawba River at and below Rocky Mount, while our forces are crossing above that point. This is only current rumor and not definite. I will report again as soon as I hear from the scouts sent out.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. W. BIZZELL,

Captain, Commanding Third Arkansas Cavalry.

