HEADQUARTERS,February 28, 1865. (Received 10. 30.)

General B. BRAGG,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

Kee advised of Johnston's route. Communicate with General Johnston at Charlotte. Unite with him as you propose for a blow on Sherman when practicable.

R. E. LEE,

General.

FEBRUARY 28, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Charlotte:

Following just from Colonel Childs, Fayetteville:

I learn from General Hardee the enemy crossed Lynch's Creek in some force at Tillersville. Intention not yet developed; that their movements point at present to Darlington and Florence, with the view, he believes, of moving to Wilmington.

Childs learns through pickets enemy are repairing Brunswick railroad bridge on Wilmington and Manchester Railroad. I have ordered him to have bridges and railroad below Lumberton destroyed; also on Wilmington and Manchester Railroad from Pedee up.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GOLDSBOROUGH, February 28, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Goldsborough:

GENERAL: The campaign of the army under General Johnston is so rapidly culminating to the decisive point that I greatly desire, if I am to join it at all, to enter upon my duties there immediately. As Colonel Sale, commissioned in the Adjutant-General's Department and under orders to report here, can now join you without inconvenience, and as Major Parker possesses a competent knowledge of the details of business, I feel warranted in saying that my place could be supplied without detriment to the public interests, and I therefore respectfully ask that you give me the order indicated by General Lee. Having already explained that the motive for this request is one of professional advancement, growing out of views of the functions of the general staff which I know you also entertain, I have only to add that I have never had more agreeable and instructive service than at your headquarters, and that I shall always retain the most grateful recollection of your kindenss and of the confidential intercouse with which you have honored me.

I am, general, with great respect, your faithful, obliged servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON.

CHARLOTTE, N. C.,

February 28, 1865-1. 30 p. m. (Received 6. 35.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Rocky Point, near Wilmington, N. C.:

As Fayetteville may be our future point of concentration, will your order all roads and bridges repaired forthwith to it from Warsaw, Smithfield, and Raleigh?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

