
bing-hoe. With these very much may be done. I repeat, General Hampton is desirous that I be with him to operate, appreciating as he does, and particularly at this time, the value of our means of defense. If possible, let me be furnished to-day with what I need, that I may go at once to the front.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GARNETT McMILLAN,

Captain, in Charge Subterra Defenses.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,April 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Captain McMillan reported to me for duty on the 15th of February and I directed him to place his shells on a causeway five miles below Columbia. Before he could reach this point the enemy had possession of it. The shells there would have impeded their march on that road, but would not have seriously delayed them. They did not reach Columbia until the 17th and I do not think any serious damage could have been inflicted on them by these subterra shells. I gave an ambulance to Captain McMillan and directed him to remain near my headquarters. On the 18th my wagons were sent to the rear by General McMillan but once, in Chesterville, from which place he telegraphed to Richmond for a supply of dart torpedoes (I think he called them). He was to get these and to rejoin me, but I have not seen or heard of him since. I do these and to rejoin me, but I have not seen or heard of hinm since. I do not think the quartermaster at Columbia was to blame for not furnishing transportation, as I know that everything was engaged in moving public stores. Nor do I think the result at Columbia would have been different had all of Captain McMillan's shells been placed in position.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 1, 1865-7. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant General WADE HAMPTON,

Near Lancaster, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 28th ultimo was received last night. I approve of your order to that vandal Sherman. The system of retaliation must be carried out at any cost. I have ordered you a section of two howitzers of Napoleons with eight horses to the pieces, which is the best we can do. Captain Hart's artillery is at Salisbury, but cannot get here owing to obstructions on railroad; it has no horses with it. The railroad bridge across the Catawba is guarded by infantry and artillery; it must be saved if possible, for our communications with Columbia must be re-established as soon as practicable. General Young's division has been ordered to join you as soon as possible via the crossings of the Santee. No exchange of prisoners can take place. General Wheeler's arrangements cannot now be approved; the enemy has allowed too much time to elapse for an answer. Everything possible will be done to procure arms, saddles, and bridgles for Butler's command, but I fear not much success can be hoped for. It is important that your cavalry should in front of the enemy to delay his advance eastwardly. Brigadier-General Robertson's command has been ordered (through General Hardee) to repor to Butler. General Hardee's forces are concentrating at Cheraw with orders to defend the crossing of the

