
Great Pedee on the way to Fayetteville and Wilmington, if the latter can be done without endngering his command which is required for future operations. If Sherman has only five day's ration he should be delayed by all practicable means to prevent him from reaching a point where he can supply himself from the sea; hence the to Georgetown should be blockaded and defended to the last extremite, Brigadier-General Robertson in now operating in that direction to prevent any advance from the sea coast and guard the Northseastern Railroad.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S. -Five hundred saddles with 1,000 sabers are on the way to you from Richmond.

G. T. B.
HEADQUARTERS GAVALRY,March 1, 1865.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication in reference to the movement of the enemy's cavalry. He desires to know if you cannot ascertain what is in your front on this road; whether there has been any charge in the pickets, &amp;c. He would desire to obtain this informantion before morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 1, 1865-7,35 a. m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistnt Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of March 1 this moment received. I have taken measures to ascertain what there is in our front. You desired the information before morning and fear your dispatch has been delayed.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

[MARCH 1, 1865. -For Wheeler to McClellan (three dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, pp. 1122, 1123.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ALABAMA CAVALRY,March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant A. H&gt; SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have sent two scout to-night in the direction of the Rocky River road, and they report the enemy in force this side of the road above mentioned, also the Tenth Confederate has just come in and reports the same. It is impossible for a scout to get to the road tonight.

Respectfully,

JO. ROBINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

