
during the time he was in command had been great, and our difficulties for the want of them so distressing as to cripple our military operations to a far greater extent than can be appreciated.

On General Johnoston's fall General Lee assumed the command of the army. He at once made an intrenched line by which the city could be covered whit part of his forces, and was thus eneabled to cross

the Chickahominy with the main body, and, with the aid of the troops from the Valley, under General Jackson, to attack the emeny in flank and rear, achieving the series of glorious victories in the summer of 1862, which made our history isslustious. As soon as General Johnston reproted himself fit for duty he was again instrusted by me with an important command, for, though my confidence in him had been much shaken, it hat not yet been destroyed. He had been tested in the immediate command of an army, and in that position had not justified the high opinion I had previously entertained of him. He was now assigned to a different calss of duties-to the general supervision and control of several armies, each under an immediate commander, to whom was intrusted the direct duty of organiziug, desciplining, and supplying his own troops. His department included the District of Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississipppi, with power to command in person wherever he should consider his services most needed, and to transfer troops at discretion. He thus controlled the army under General Bragg in Tennessee, those of Generals Pemberton and Gardner at Vicksburg and Port Hudson, and that of General Forney at Mobile and other poinnts in Alabama. The new assignment was of higher grade, and to a more enlarged sphere than the former, embracing within its limits my own home and those of my nearest relatives and friends. It is, therefore, apparent that I felt no disposition to depreciate the merits of General Johnston, or to deprive him of an opportunity of rendering such conspicuous service as would secure military fame for himself. It private considerations were needed, in addition to a sense of public duty, in order to insure my earnest support of all his efforts for the good of country, the motive of personal interest was not absent. Few were exposed to a more total loos of property than myself, in the event of his disastrous failure in this new command.

When General Grant made his demonstration on Vicksburh General Johnston failed to perceive its significance, and did not repair to that vival point in his department until ordered from Richmund to do so. He arrived, as he reported, too late. He did not proceed to the headquarters of the forces in the field, but stopped at Jackson and undertook from there to direct the operation of the army, though, as was shown by subsequent events, he was not well informed of the situation. After the investment of Vicksburg General Johnston remained inactive near Canton and Jackson, stating his inability to attack Grant, notwithstanding very urgent request to do so. He was thereupon pressed to attack the forces ofudson and rescue the army of General Gardner, but declined on the ground that he feared Grant would seiye the occasion to advance upon Jackson, which place the considered too important to be exposed. Grant was then investing Vicksburg. After both Vicksburg and Port Hudson had been captured without one blow on his part to relieve either, a detachment was sent by General Grant from Vicksburh to capture Jackson. The enemy, it appeart, was suprised to find the place held in force, and sent back to Vicksburg for re-enforcements. No attempt was made bu General Johnoston to improve the opportunity thus presented by ataacking the isolated detachment of the enemy in his front. He remained within

