HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,March 2, 1865-7,40 a. m.

Major General J. WHEELER:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of 4,35 and 8,10 yesterday. * He deems it best that you should move arrond to the left, to get in the front and on that flank of the enemy. He desires you to move across to the Rocky River road this morning as soon as you can get in motion, and the information you will obtain then will determine the best route to pursue from that point. General Hampton will follow you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

He desires you to leave a party to follow the rear of thee enemy on the Wadesborough road to pick up stragglers and worry the enemy. You can recall your pickets from below, as the general deems them now unnecessary.

Respectfully,

H. B. McC.

Have you any report from the Third Asabama, Lieutenant-Colonel Robins, who was sent over to the Rocky River road last evening?

[MARCH 2, 1865. -For Wheeleter to McClellan (two dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1123.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 2, 1865.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, VA.:

I find Colonel Chids has allowed a press dispatch to go from Fayetteville which gives Sherman's position, and will do us injury. I suggest the Richmond and Petersburg papers be not allowed to publish it.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 2, 1865-3 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Near Wilmington, N. C.:

Enemy is reported moving eastwardly from Lancaster and Camden;

destination whether Cheraw or Florence not determined. Hardde will fall back on FAyetteville if hard pressed. Would ou be able to form timely junction there with him and other forces to give battle to Sherman and then to Schofield?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 2, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charlotte, N. C.:

If assured that the junction will be made, and a battle delivered immediately thereafter, I can join at point indicated on three day's notice, with 6,000 men. Any delay would expose this whole region to devastion and the capital to destruction.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

---------------

* See Part I, pp. 1122, 1123.

---------------

