
point late in the afternoon. I am evacuating Cheraw and shall move to Rockingham, where I hope to receive your instructions. General Butler thinks army of Sherman is moving on this place or on Rockingham.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

CHESTERFIELD, S. C., March 3, 1865-3 p. m.

Lieutenant General ALEX. P. STEWART,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I met my scouts here who have been fifteen or twenty miles forward. Their report concurs with other reports, that the enemy has all crossed the Catawba River, and it is reported that they have halted in the vicinity of Lancaster. I find no troops here; everything has moved to Charlotte. I find no forage or commissary stored here. General, if the emergency for me to move is not too demanding. I would respectfully ask permission to remain at this place to-morrow, the 4th, for the purpose of having some of my horses of my regiment shod, of which I stand gratly in need as the most of my horses are barefoot and very tender. I shall expect orders you by the bearer.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. W. BIZZELL,

Captain, Commanding Third Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., March 3, 1865.

In pursuance of Special Field Orders, headquarters MIlitary Division of the West, the undersigned herebly assumes command of Johnson's division, in Lee's corps, and in virtue of his rank as senior major-general also of the corps itself.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 3, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your letter was received last eveneng, and I will inguire into the matters you speak about, letting you know the result of my investigations. The enemy are still moving toward Chesterfield. The Fourteenth Corps is following the three others, whose position was given to you by General Butler in his last dispatch. The cavalry is on the Landsford and Wadesboruogh rod, and I propose to attack them as soon as Wheeler gets up. Can you not get the troops from Charlotte over to join Hardee? They might march rapidly on this road, which will be covered by the cavalry, and then join him. If all the troops are much scattered. You gave me no orders as to reporting, so I have continued to report to General Beauregard.

I am, very truly, yours,

WADE HAMPTON.

