
RICHMOND, March 4, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Assume command of all troops in Department of North Carolina, except those from this army arrestng deserters. General Bragg informed.

R. E. LEE.

RALEIGH, March 4, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNOSTON,

Charlotte, N. C.:

I can have fifty wagons, mostly two-horse, by this day week, if you will give authority to impress a few country wagons for post duty.

State has no authority to impress.

Z. B. VANCE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 53. Richmond, March 4, 1865.

* * * * * * *

XX. Paragraph XXXIII, Special Orders, Numbers 39, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, is hereby revoked, and Brigadier General E. M. Law, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned with the cavalry under general Wade Hampton's command.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROCKINGHAM, S. C., March 4, 1865.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: The enmemy pressed us closely yesterday morning, on leaving Cheraw, and it was with great difficulty that the bridge over the river was destroyed. It was, however, effectively destroyed, but the enmey succeeded in laying a pontoon, and at last accousts (9,30 this morning) had crossed a brigade. Most of my command will reach this place to-night. I brought off all of the supplies that my transportation, which is in a wretched condition, could admit of. In obedience to General Beauregard's instructions of 24th ultimo, I shall move toward Greensborough to-morrow. I had made arrangements to move by Fayetteville, but received a disceived a dispatch from General Bragg stating that Schofield was moving up the west bank of Cape Fear River. His dispatch contradicting this report was not received until yesterday, when my troops and trains were moving on the Rockingham road. and I had ordered the destruction of all bridges on the Fayetteville road. Sherman, I think, wikk march to Fayetteville, to form a junction with Schofield and to obtain supplies.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

