
NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C.,

March 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Fayetteville:

(Care Colonel Childs.)

I am on the way to join you. In the meantime keep before the enemy and endeavor to impede his march. Tennessee troops are on the way.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 11. Charlotte, N. C., March 4, 1865.

* * * * * * *

V. Stewart's and Cheatham's corps, with any troops of Lee's corps, Army of Tennessee, that may arrive at Chester, S. C., will proceed by rail to smithfield, N. C., in the shorters possible time, moving from chester, S. C., with baggage, &amp;c., complete and three day's cooked rations. Five day's rations in bulk, for isue to the troops when needed, will be drawn at Charlotte, N. C., as the troops pass. Artillery, wagons, and animals will also be shipped by rail. No reshipment will take place in Charlotte, N. C. The troops should move well supplied with ammunition.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE WEST, Numbers 12. Charlotte, N. C., March 4, 1865.

For the purpose of collecting and providing for the prompt restoration to their several regiments, battalions, and companies, all absentees from Lee's Stewart's, and Cheatham's corps, the following measures will be taken without delay:

First. Brigadier-General Mackall, Provisional Army, C. S., in addition to his other dities, is specially charged with the general supervision of the service inveled, his headquarters being at Macon, Ga., and he will take all practicable steps to recall to their colors all who are ablent form any other caule than actual disability for field service or on properly granted furloughs.

To this end he will establish camps at Columbus, Atlanta, Albany, Macon, and Augusta, Ga., Montgomery, Selma, and Mobile, Ala., and at Jackson, Macon, and Columbus, Miss., and such other points as may be found expedient, to which absentees living in the vicinities, respectively, shall be required to repair and report, and to which will be sent all those who may be collected by neighboring enrolling officers who will be called on to give assistance under the regulotions of the Conscript Bureau. He will also require all officers and men to repair to the nearest rendeyvous appoined, who may be absent by any authority less than that of these headquarters, or of the commander of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, in which case he will make a requistion for such absentees upon commander, to whom he will communicate a copy of these orders, with a request for the necessary orders to enable him to execute his duties the limits of that command.

