HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Beaufort, S. C., January 26, 1865.

Captain S. M. BUDLONG,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I am here with my command under orders from Major-General Logan to report to Brevet Major-General Smith, at Pocotaligo. Have wagons and baggage of brigade, also ambulances and wagons left behind of Third Division, but no teams. Transportation could not be furnished for them when I came. Lieutenant Gorgas is behind with detail to bring them forward as soon as possible. Lieutenant Gorgas will endeavor also to bring up the wagons of train that were abandoned in the march at Savannah.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. McCown,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 26, 1865.

Colonel F. J. HURLBUT,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The Major-general commanding directs that you move out with your entire command on the road designated and in accordance with the instructions sent you yesterday. The general desires that you inspect and thoroughly repair the road as far as you move, so that the supply trains can move without impediment. You will move eight or not to exceed ten miles and await there the arrival of the division, when you will take the advance, with such instructions as will be given you hereafter. The general wishes you to move by 8 a.m. to-morrow, the 27th instant, irrespective of the Twentieth Corps. A staff officer from these headquarters will accompany you to designate the route.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 23. Pocotaligo, S. C., January 26, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The extra baggage, tents, &amp;c., of this command will be sent to the wharf on Pocotaligo River to-morrow, for shipment to Hilton Head, instead of being taken to Beaufort, as ordered in Special Orders, Numbers 23, of this date. Lieutenant William E. Ware, acting assistant adjutant-general, Seventeenth Army Corps, will have charge of the storing and direction of the future movements of the baggage.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAVANNAH, GA., January 26, 1865-8 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: Davis made a good march yesterday and found the roads in fair condition. I have heard nothing from Williams. I

