
FAYETTEVILLE, March 7, 1865.

Lieutenatn-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: A report from General Hampton, dated 5 p. m. on the 5th, places the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps at Sneedsborough and the Fifteenth and Seventeenth at Cheraw, both columns preparing to cross. General Butler's dispatch of the same date puts both farther south, and on the march to Fayetteville. It appears that he is far from their route. His main force should be on it, and if you are on a different one, you require a small cavalry force in your rear. Please give General Butler these instructions as soon as possible. It is of the utmost importance that all our forces unite on the enemy's line of march and in his front. Should you be unable to move on Fayetteville on account of the enemy's progress, the nearest point above at which you can cross the river is at Aven's Ferry, a few miles below the junction of Haw and Deep Rivers. The railroad company (Coal Fields road from here) has at the ferry a small steamer and four large flat-boats. Should an enemy press, you cn cross Deep River on a bridge a mile or two from ists mouth, and Haw River by means of the steamer and flats. The latter, I am told, will make a length sufficient to form a floating bridge. After crossing the Cape Fear turn down to the Fayetteville. and Raleigh road and strike it as near as you well can to the river. It crosses at McNeill's Ferry. Please let me know as soon as possible what route you are taking, and from time your progress. Should General Butler and yourself be on different roads, let him all important information directly to me as well as to you. Should you take the Fayetteville road any stores no required on your march might be sent to Raleigh by Aven's Ferry.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Near McKinston's, Thirty-four Miles from Fayetteville,

March 7, 1865-9 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date received. I had already informed you, in repeated dispatches, of my change of route toward fayetteville and the progress of my march. My supply train and reserve artillery moved by Carthage road, and reached Carthage to-night. I have ordered Major-General Butler to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy's columns, and to keep directly in front of their line of march. I have heard nothing form General Butler to-day. He should be on the Graham's Bridge road.

Respectfully, your obedient,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

NEAR GRASSY PLACE FORD,

March 7, 1865-4 p. m.

Lieutenatn-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: I have succeeded with great difficulty in getting most of my command across the river to-day, and I hope the whole of it will be over to-night. The Fourteenth Corps was crossing ag Wall's Ferry last evening, that corps being on the left. Kilpatrick is now at Rockingham. General Wheeler killed ten of his men a few hours ago, and drove the

