
rest close up to the town. I shall get everything together near here to-night, and then be ready to move as circumstances require. I wish to have Butler with me, so as to operate to more advantage. Can you not let me have a small battery till mine comes up? I am now near Bethel Church, on the road to Rockingham, and three miles below Grassy Island Ford. As soon as my command can be concentrated I shall move roud the left flank of the enemy to his front. Do let me hear from you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON.

(Forwarded to General Johnston by General Hardee.)
HDQRS. DEPT OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, ND FLORIDA,Twenty-eight Miles from Fayetteville, March [7?], 1865.

General WADE HAMPTON:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch. General Butler is at Bostick's, and has no [doubt] reported to you. If not, order him to do so. I am glad you are across the river. General Johnston wishes you to get in front of the enemy and to move in front of him if he should advance on Fayetteville; if on Wilmington, to "dog his rear a few marches. " My command will rech Fayetteville day after to-morrow. I will send Robertson's brigade to join you as soon as I can get hold of it. The last I heard of it it was crossing the Pedde at the railroad bridge, and I hope to find it at Fayetteville. Let me know what can be done to aid you.

Whith best wishes for your success, I am very truly.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S. -I will order a battery to join you. I will order it to Monroe's Bridge, there to await your orders.

W. J. H.

P. P. S. -On reading your dispatch again I have decided that your battery will come up before mine can possibly reach you.

W. J. H.

FAYETTEVILLE, March 7, 1865.

Major-General D. H. HILL, Smithfield:

Should General Bragg be about to fight join him for battle. Keep your cars and return the moment it is over. Ascertain if General Bragg can command cars to transport your troops at a movement's notice. Tell me in what time the trip can be made. I beg you to forget the past for this energency.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CATAWBA, March 7, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

I will not interfere with pontoon bridge here. Most of animals have been stolen from train. There in pontoon bridge at Hughey's Ferry opposite Newberry.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

