
FAYETTEVILLE, March 7, 1865-2 p. m.

General [BRAXTON BRAGG]:

I have instructed Major-General Hill, at Smithfield, to join you with his troops for a battle. At present they are S. D. Lee's corpsm, commanded by General Hill, and three of Stewart's. Cheatham's corps, and the remainder of Stewart's, were to leave Chesterville by railroad on Sunday. When they come up Stewart will command, and the force be more than doubled. On the 5th Butler's cavalry was much to the north of the enemy's route, and Hampton's still farther from it, in the direction of Charlotte, the Federal army being then near Cheraw. General Hardee was to the north of Butler. There is, therefore, nothing to delay Sherman's march. I am anxious to concentrate all our troops in his front on this river, in the hope that the Federals may cross it at two points, and then give us an opportunity to fight to an advantage. It seems to me necessary under such circumstances that the Tennessee troops should remain at Smithfield until you have an opportunity to fight; then join by railroad, and after action return in the same manner to be ready to meet General Hardee. Major-General Hill has been instructed accordingly. I am ramining here to get information of General Hardee's movements.

Most respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General

KINSTON, March 7, 1865-7,30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Fayetteville:

Schofield's corps is reported in our front by several deserters and prisoners. They confront us four miles from here.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

KINSTON, March 7, 1865-7,30 p. m.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE, Goldsborough:

Hurry forward all troops. Send down to the artillery of Hoke's division to march at 2 o'clock. Shofield's corps is in our front and movemnts indicate attack.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, March 7, 1865.

Major CAMERON,

Chief Quartermaster:

General Bragg directs that the inclosed orders* be forwarded promptly by some reliable messenger, to be designated by you, on a locomotive to the commanding officer at Smithfield. Transportation must be afforded at once for the transfer of this force, about 5,000, to Kinston. The general desires that no delay will occur in the passage through this point. Please receipt for this and notify me of action.

Very respectfully,

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

* Not found as inclosures.

---------------

