HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Kinston, March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: General Bragg directs that you will designate an officer of your command for the purpose of collecting such means of transportation for sick and wounded as the neighboring counry will afford.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obdient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Aide-de Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,March 7, 1865.

Colonel T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Commanding, Northeast River, N. C.,

COLONEL: General Bragg directs me to inclose to you the accompanying copy of a letter* just received from Governor Vance, and to instruct you to proceed at once to carry into execution the governor's suggestions, adding Sampson County to those named in the letter. Try discreetly to induce owners of able-bodied salves in these conties to voluntarily conform, if they will. If they will not, then take the shaves by force. Remove them to Raleigh by rais, if necessary, calling for needed transportation for the purpose. It will be supplied, if not imperatively requered elsewhere for public use. Report your proceedings to these headquarters. Lose no time. Governor Vance will give employment to the slaves on public works for the slaves on public works for the State, and doubtless suitable compensation to owners. Have list carefully prepared of owners and the slaves of each, with descriptions of the latter.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SALE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 7, 1865.

Colonel T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Commanding at Northeast River, N. C.:

Send the regiment of Senior Reserves to Goldsborough to report to General Baker's headquarters. Transportation will be furnished on telegraphing quartermaster here.

JOHN. B. SALE,

Assistatn Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,March 7, 1865.

Colonel T. J. JIPSCOMB,

Commanding, &c., Northeast River, N. C.:

COLONEL: General Bragg, commanding, directs that the regiment of Senior Reserves near you be removed by rail to this place at once; quartermaster to furnish transportation of application. I have just telegraphed you to this effect. The two companies of infantry and one of artillery up the Caple Fear River might be cut off in the event of an advace by the enemy this way, either from Wilmington or Kinston. A telegraphic order to-day has been sent to commanding officer at Teachey's Station (intended for yourself), to be sent thence by courier,

---------------

* See March 3, p. 1318.

---------------

