HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, March 7, 1865.

His Excellency Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The communication of Kemp P. Battle, exq., of the 6th instant, forwarded by yourself to General Bragg, came to hand to-day after the general had left for the front at Kinston. It will be laid before him whenever he returns. Meantime, as delay may be injurious to the purpose in view, I respectfully suggest that General J. E. Johnston be communicated with on the subject.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully,

JOHN B. SALE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For General Bragg.)

CHARLOTTE, March 7, 1865.

(Received 3 o'clock.)

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

General Johnston being at Fayeteville is not accessible to me. I have had an interview with General Chesnut, commanding Reserves of South Carolina, who is here with a portion of his command and waiting explanation of orders from Richmond. His order to report to General Johnston was executed. Since then he has received General Orders, Numbers 8, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, February 23, and is undecided as to whether he is to return to South Carolina or remain with General Johnston. If he returns to South Carolina he assures me he can assign a sufficient number of men from the district through which the courier-line is to run who will mount themselves to make the line effecient and reliable without detriment to other branches of the service under his command, provided he is authorized of order to do so. General Chesnut asked from General Cooper an explanation of orders. Can the matter be decided at once and General Chesnut be authorized by telegraph to establish the line of couriers?

J. S. THRASHER,

General Superintendent Press Association.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 7, 1865.

Major E. WILLIS,

Chief Quartermaster, Salisbury, N. C.:

Take charge of the tansportation of troops artillery, wagons, &amp;c. Push them through as rapidly as possible. Call upon General Bradley T. Johnson for all the assistance you may need.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. KENNARD,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Raleigh, N. C.:

I will give all assistance possible for transportation of said ammunition. Major Willis is now at Salisbury attending to shipment of troops, after which he will attend to the ammunition.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

