
CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 8, 1865-2 p. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Fayetteville, N. C.:

General Hampton reports from Grassy Island Ford on the 6th, at 4 p. m.:

River being past fording, am crossing at ferries above and will exertion to cross everything rapidly as possible and from junction with troops on other side. Enemy all moved down river in direction of Sneedsborough and Cheraw.

He met only small party cavalry north Wadesborough.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MARCH 8, 1865.

Mr D. G. McDUFFIN:

General Joe Johnston wishes to see you at his headquarters at Fayetteville Hotel to inquire of you with regard to the roads and streams between Fayettivelle and the railroad to Goldsborough. By calling as early as practicable wou will confer a favor.

Respectfully,

H. A. McSWAIN.
HEADQUARTERS,Fayetteville, March 8, 1865-4 p. m.

General WADE HAMPTON:

General Johnston has received your dispatch dated 4 p. m. yesterday. * He instructs me to say that it is more important to observe the enemy's right flank that he desires you to concentrate your main body as soon as possible in the enemy's immediate front. Sherma's advanced cavalry appeared this morning at 11 o'clock, at McEachin's and the neighboring bridges over Lumber River, and drove back the detachment of the Fifth Tennessee, under Lieutenant-Colonel Montgomery, to Antioch Church. This detachment is now the only force known to us between this place and the enemy.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,General Dockery's House. March 8, 1865-12,15 p. m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatch is received. There is very little forage on the road from Rockinham to Fayetteville, and I think the main column of the enemy will move on the road, as it passes through a fruitful country. As soon as General Allen corsses I will order him on the plank road with instructions to send pickets the plank road about twenty miles from Rockingham. I think the road last referred to will be the most norherly on which any column of the enemy will move. I think some of our troops ought to be on the direct road from Cheraw to Fayetteville. Shall I go or send troops there, or will General Butler

---------------

* See Hampton to Hardee, p. 1337.

---------------

