
send troops on that road? I will, pursuant to your instructions, keep General Humes, with his five small regiments, in position on this road so that we can successfully meet the enemy should he attempt to push up while General Allen in crossing the river. I will then move General Humes over on the plank road, leaving one regiment to cover General Dibrell while crossing. These are the disposition which I presume from your note are desires. Should they not be plese send me additional instructions by this courier. After leaving the vicinity of the river we will be unable to get corn until we get to Lumter River. There are three bridges over Lumber River, or Drowning Creek. The lower part is callde by the former name and is on the plank road running from Rockingham to Fayetteville. McLaws, Bridge is five miles below this, and Gilchrist; s Bridge about five miles below McLaws'. The last mentioned is on the direct road from Cheraw to Fayetteville. I think we should take possession of these bridges destroy, them. There are other bridges below Gischrist's Bridge which I think we ough to destroy for at least fifteen miles below that point. I inclose a little sketch made from observation, and from information obtained here until [I] receive a reply to this dispatch, as I fear if I move I may fail to get it.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 8, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES CHESNUT, Charlotte, N. C:

You will place under the orders of General J. E. Johnston, commanding, such of the reserve forces of South Carolina as are available, and then return to South Carolina and enter actively upon the duties prescrebed in General Orders, Numbers 8, current series, form this office.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

FAYETTEVILLE, March 8, 1865-10,30 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Goldsborough:

If you move Hill's and Stewart's troops, inform me. It is reported that the enemy was within thirty miles of Fayetteville at noon yesterday. It will soon be necessary to concentrate.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

IN THE FIELD, March 8, 1865-3,15 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Fayetteville:

I have only Hill's, and we are now engaged with the enemy-so far successfully.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[MARCH 8, 1865. -For Bragg to Johnston (7 p. m.), reporting operations at Kinston, see Part I, p. 1078.]

