
vacating the intrenched camp that you have ordered to be established after you have passed so far on your march as to have entirely cut loose from any connection by the way of Pocotaligo. The force to hold such a camp will require to be larger than I at first supposed - say 3,000 men - while if the object be to secure debouching the roads at defiles or other good defensible points. I would respectfully suggest that the force be retained in such a position only until a positive result has been obtained from your march and you are entirely beyond Columbia. Then, if Charleston be taken, to allow the force to guard the railroad for our future use; but if that city does not fall, to have this force destroy this road as far as possible and then retire to Port Royal Island, to be used in attacks, as at Bull's Bay and Georgetown, or other places that have to be assaulted as demonstrations. I beg that you will pardon me for my suggestions. I only desire to make myself as useful as possible, and therefore to have available as large a force as possible.

With great respect, very truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S. - We found only seven inches in Pocotaligo Creek at low tide.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Washington, D. C., January 26, 1865.

The corps will embark at Alexandria as soon as practicable and move as follows, viz, the Third Division, Major-General Cox commanding, will embark first and move at once to the vicinity of Wilmington, N. C., landing at Federal Point or higher up the river, as may be found expedient. The Second Division, Major-General Couch commanding, will move to Beaufort and land there unless contrary orders be received at that place. The First Division, Brigadier-General Ruger commanding, will touch at Fortress Monroe for orders from the Major-general commanding or Lieutenant-General Grant. It is expected the division will go to Beaufort or Wilmington. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, Chief quartermaster, will confer with Brigadier-General Rucker, assistant Chief quartermaster, in reference to transportation, and inform the division commanders, who are charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE AND OHIO DEPOT,

January 26, 1865. (Received 8. 20 p.m.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON:

Fifth train of troops arrived at 5 o'clock, and the sixth train at 7 o'clock this p.m. Troops unloaded and put in barracks.

G. S. KOONTZ.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, S. C., January 27, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: We had heavy and continuous rains up to and including the 24th instant, causing all the rivers, the Savannah included, to over-

