
Raleigh, but they may move toward Goldsborough or some other point east of Raleigh. In such an event I am directed by the commanding general to say you should move toward Smithfield inorder to secure a junction with the rest of our forces. In general, it is important that you should be as near the enemy's line of march as possible, which will enable us to unite the other troops with yours. In the memorandum the small arms and cartridges at Jonesborough were unintentionally omitted.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDUM ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS,

Fayetteville, March 9, 1865.

This command will take position early to-morrow morning about three miles from Fayetteville, as follows: McLaws' division covering or occupying the McFaland's Bridge road and all orads on the right of it to Cape Fear River, Taliaferro's division covering or occupying the Gilchrist and McEachin's Bridge road and all roads on the left of it to Cape Fear River. All vehicles not indispensable to the comand will be sent to-morrow morning over the river in charge of competent officers and will encamp (the division trains separately) two or three miles on the Raleigh road. Division commanders will no longer allow their trains to be encumbered with buggies, carts, or any description of vehicles not belonging to the public transportation of the army and will impress for public service all animals in or traveling with their respective comamnds, in the hands of parties not entitled to have horses, and all I excess of the regular allowance in the hands of officers of soldier entitled to have horses and to draw forage. Lieutenant Colonel Der. Kemper will take charge of the reserve artillery and proceed with it across Cape Fear River early to-morrow morning, an dencamp about two miles on the Raleigh road.

By order of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 9, 1865-7 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: Camped last night at Johnsonville. Everything is getting on well. Will stop three or four miles out of Fayetteville to-night, unless you otherwise direct. There are 103 four-horse wagons and 32 two-horse wagons in this train. This includes the wagons belonging to the reserve artillery. Captain Gilchrist says he is "in my rear with eighteen mounted men to protect me; " therefore myself and train are saved, and will certainly make our appearance in Fayetteville.

Respectfully,

SAML. L. BLACK,

Major, &c.

[MARCH 9, 1865. -For Wheeler to McClellan (two dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, pp. 1124, 1125.]

