
of McLaws' division, at 8 p. m., and halt three miles on Raleigh road; Goodwyn's brigade, of Taliaferro's division, at 8. 30 p. m. ; remainder of Taliaferro's division at 9. 30; remainder of McLaws' division at 10. 30. The infantry will proceed about three miles on the Raleigh road and halt. Lieutenant-General Hampton will cover the march with his cavalry and will cross the river when compelled to retire. He is charged with the destruction of the bridge when his command shall have passed over.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WHEELER'S CAVALRY CORPS,Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I embrace the first opportunity which has offred to let you know that I am with General Wheeler's corps (after a long and tedious trip around the flank of Sherman's army), engaged in the execution of my orders. Thus far I have seen but little to condemn and much to commend, both on the march and in action. As the command is constantly moving I have but little opportunity to see the practical application of orders and drill, but expect to be able before I leave to give full and complete infomration of this command. Sherman is moving rapidly, and will probably occupy Fayetteville to-morrow, as our infantry is evacuating it while I am writing. I think, from present indications, that Sherman designs forming a junction with Schofield at Goldsborough, using New Berne as a base of supplies. I am writing by a camp-fire with my papers on my knee, and as I am completely exhausted, will close. I will write you again when I can announce some definite results.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. E. PORTLOCK, JR.,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

P. S. -In consequence of the uncertain mail communications, I have taken the liberty of inclosing a letter, which I will thank you to have sent to the Adjutant and Inspector-General Office.

E. E. P., JR.

KINSTON, March 10, 1865-2. 10 a. m.

Governor VANCE, Raleigh:

I am under obligation for your offer, but our loss is so small as not to require additional medical officers or supplies.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RALEIGH, March 10, 1865-9. 30 a. m.

General B. BRAGG, Kinston:

Sherman may reach Fayetteville to-day. In your operations consider that all troops must be concentrated in his front, south of Raleigh and Goldsborough Railroad. We are not well informed. Want of pontoons keeps cavalry out of position.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

