
GOLDSBOROUGH, March 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

(Care General Johnston, Raleigh, N. C.)

Following dispatch addressed here to Brigadier-General Baker, from Colonel W. f. Martin, commanding at Wilson, this date:

Colonel Wynne, at Franklin, reports enemy 1,200 or 1,500 strong, cavalry, infantry, and artillery, attempting to cross Balckwater. Have small boats with them for the purpose. He asks for re-enforcements. A later dispatch, 5. 30 p. m., says they have crossed.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KINSTON, March 10, 1865-2. 10 a. m.

Major CAMERON,

Chief Quartermaster, Goldsborough:

The transportation must not be kept unemployed. Let such as needed go with supplies for Army of Northern Virginia.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA, Numbers 20. Kinston, March 10, 1865.

The general congratulate the troops of his command upon the success which has attended their operations in frot of Kinston. Their patient endurance of privation and hardship, and their gallantry in action have met his expectations and won his gatitude. Fully able to maintain their position, and finally to beat their foe, more important work calls a large portion of them to a distant field, and necesarily suspends offensive operations in this quarter. To Major-Gneerals Hill and Hoke and Brigadier-General Baker, exercising separate commands, the general returns his cordial thanks for the able, prompt, and gallant support he has received.

By order of General Bragg:

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 59. Kinston, March 10, 1865.

I. Major General D. H. Hill, commanding troops from Army Northern Virginia, will move with them early to-morrow morning by highway to Goldsborough. Such as are unable to march will be immediately sent to the depot for transportation by rail.

II. Major General R. F. Hoke, with his own division and Brigadier-General Baker's command, will cross the Neuse to-morrow, destroying the communication in his rear. He will forward to Goldsborough, as rapidly as possible, by rail, all disabled men and valuable stores, and move with his command to that point a ssoon as this object is accomplished. Such supplies as cannot be transported by daylight on 12th instant or issued to the troops must be destroyed, and the command will march, via Goldsborough, to Smithfield.

