
thirty miles from Kinston and same from Warsaw. They are therefore either closely approaching Goldsborough direct, or have joined those in your front by this. I fear the former. Chesnut was at Richlands, above Lake Catherine.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Goldsborough, March 10, 1865.

General BRAGG, Kinston:

DEAR SIR: Yankee deserters, sent here this morning by Colonel lipscomb, who seem on cross-examination to speak truthfully, say that Twenty-third Corps left Wilmington Monday, going northward, they heard to Goldsborough. They left Wilmington on the same road. They did not observe artillery, but cavalry (said to be 800 or 900) had recently landed and preceded the infantry on that road. The cavalry marched as soon as arrived at Wimington. It was currently stated in Wilmington that 10,000 more cavalry from Virginia were coming. The deserters left Wilmington on Monday also. They had been landed from Boston as recruits on Friday previous, and did not know the names or strength of organizations, nor much about military movements. Trry remained in Wilmington. Schofield was said to command the marching column. They did not know him. All cavalry landind leave immediately on sound road. This tallies precisely, as far as it goes, with Captain Chesnut's report, who commands squzdron of cavalry posted near Richlands, in upper part of Onslow County. From Wilmington to Golden Place (alias Stump Sound) is twenty-five miles, about; thence to Kinston on north or Warsaw on railroad, about same. A Mr. Lemuel Hodges, of Lake Catherin, e came thence last night to Wrasaw, whence he sent a Mr. Frederick by trai this morning with information that a corps of infantry, with three regiments cavalry, and artillery, staid Tuesday night at golden place and Wednesday night at Lake Catherine. Hodges fled and came to Warsaw with the information last night (Thursday), as I have said. They were marching rapidly. If they are re-enforcements for the New Berne force they are by this time in your front, I guess, or soon will be. But they may be dstined for Goldsborough, which I am led to fear from the fact that that would hurt us most. By taking the somewhat circuitous route of Sound road, they flank Lipscomb and put Holly Shelter Swamp between them and him and cover their movement from him. From Lake Cahterine to Goldsborough, it appears on map to be about fifty miles. My only hope against this hypothesis is that Captain Chesnut's squadron is near Richlands on the route. He ought to cover both Goldsborough and Kinston. If Goldsborough is the point they are near here now.

In great haste, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINSTON, March 10, 1865-9. 35 a. m.

Colonel LIPSCOMB, Duplin's:

If you will not require the battery artillery it had best be sent back to Goldsborough.

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

