
with brevets, and would infinitely prefer that vacancies be created by mustering out absentees and giving the real rank to the worthy men actually present on duty.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, January 27, 1865. (Received 29th.)

Admiral DAHLGREN, Commanding South Atlantic Squadron:

DEAR ADMIRAL: I have now reconnoitered all the country from the Salkehatchie bridge back to and including Coosawhatchie. The enemy had fortified every path leading from the various landings to the railroad, and could have bothered us a good deal had we not got Pocotaligo in the way we did by the several diversions and the quick, prompt attack. From here we will find no trouble in getting an offing.

I have official reports that Slocum got off for Sister's Ferry on the 25th, and he should be there to-morrow.

It will take him till Monday or Tuesday to cross over, load his wagons, and rendezvous at Robertsville, when we will be off. I hope this cold, clear weather will last for that time, as the roads here would cut to the hub after an hour's rain.

I have been feeling the Combahee Ferry and also at the bridge, but the river is over its banks and fills the swamps for a mile back, too deep at points to Wade and too shallow at others to use boats. I can only see a few rebels on the other bank, but a prisoner captured says there is a brigade back a short distance and a considerable force about Green Pond, ten miles east of this. We find no enemy this side of the Salkehatchie, except cavalry, which is simply watching us, but I will clear it away in a hurry when we are ready to move. I will be sure to let you know the moment we are off, and will leave Hatch's division, of Foster's command, here to cover our movement.

I am, with great respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Pocotaligo, S. C., January 27, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Logan moved one division (Hazen's) to the vicinity of Port Royal Ferry and another (General Woods') to Garden's Corners. Supplies had not arrived at Beaufort in sufficient quantity to fill the wagons when the divisions left. Hazen's transportation, however, is still at Beaufort, and I understand that supplies have arrived, so that he will be able to fill up. General Logan says that General Easton would not allow him boats, so that there are some 600 mules not yet over. General Slocum had not left Savannah yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock. Corse will follow Geary's division. I perceive by General Foster's note that we will have plenty of supplies now. General Logan was here in person this afternoon.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

