HEADQUARTERS,Goldsborough, March 10, 1865.

Colonel T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Second South Carolina Cavalry:

Your dispatch per Private Hutchinson is received, with the 3 Yankee deserters,2 prisoners, and 1 runaway negro, who have been urned over to provost-marshal. The report of Captain Chesnut of 8th instant was forwarded to General Bragg. It seems to be confirmed by private reports since received to date, as well as by the deserters you sent. The private information is to effect that one corps of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, with artillery, camped Tuesday night at Goldon Place and Wednesday night at Lake Catherine. They are evidently destined to re-enforce the enemy in front of Kinston (confronted by our forces), or are moving directly upon Goldsborough. Each place is equally distant from Lake Catherine, or nearly so. if the former, they have already joined the enemy's force there; if the latter, they or enear here now. I would fear the latter but for the fact that by Captain Chesnut's report he seems to be at Richlands, directly in their track by eithr place, and he has not informed us here further of them. Please advise us where your detachments are posted, so that it may be known what points are under observation. If Goldsborough is the destination, the movement by the South road is intended to cover the expedition from yourself by putting Holly Shelter Swamp between you and them. You will still obey the direction of the commanding general, contained in my written dispatch to you of 7th instnat, to send orders by courier to officer commanding the two companies of infantry and one of artillery posted up Cafe Fear River. General Johnston has left Fayetteville for Raleigh, but General hardee is there, and they will report to him for the time being. You ask for supplies to be sent to you by rail twice or thrice a week. You do not say whtehr you want forage for horses, or subsistence for your men, nor do you give the number of men or horses to be supplied. Inform me by telegraph or otherwise. Major Cameron, chief quartermaster, Department of North Carolina, says he has given the necessary orders for your forage to be sent down as you requested, and a proper extract from your letter has been referred to Major Reid, chief commissary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KINSTON, March 10, 1865.

Colonel LIPSCOMB, Teachey's:

Move with your command rapidly to Raleigh by nearest parcticagble highway road.

FRANK PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Colonel Burr, Magnolia.)

KINSTON, March 10, 1865-9. 35 a. m.

Colonel BURR, Magnolia:

Keep us advised of the direction of enemy's advance, and comunicate his movements to Lipscomb.

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

