
10,000. There have been many deserters since. General Bragg estimated his at about 7,000. His loss was about 500 in the recent engagement. General Beauregard estimated the effective total of the Army of Tennessee at 6,700. Our cavalry is better and more numerous than that of the enemy, and is under a much abler commander. The Federal army is supposed y our officers to amount to about 45,000. I have no other means of estimating its strength. Under such circumstances I will not give battle to Sherman's united army, unless your situation may require such a course; but will if I can find it divided. Of this please advise me. I need not say that your opinions will have a control equal to that of your official authority. Should Sehrman and Cox unite, their march into Virginia cannot be prevented by me. In that event, if I understand your letter of February 23, you will meet us at the southern edge of Virginia to give battle. Would it be practicable, isntead, to hold one of the inner lines of Richmond with one part of your army, and meet Sherman with the other, returning to Richmond after fighting? I should be gald to know as much as you think it prudent to communicate of the effect upon your position of the interruption by the Federal army of the railroad by Raleigh. If the possession of the road by Raleigh is necessary for the subsistence of your army, unless it is improper to ask, I should be gald to be informed. I beg you to inform me of everything in your affairs which is connected with my operations, such, at least, as may be dependent on them, that I may do my utmost to aid you. I shall also be grateful for any instructions you may have time to give me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RALEIGH, March 11, 1865.

Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following as the result of examination of route from Jonesborough, on Western Coal Fields Railroad, to Page 's Depot, on North Carolina Railroad, by way of Aven's Ferry. The distance is thirty-five miles, rdige road, generally level, and for the most part sandy soil; there are, however, several steep clay hills, which have been rendered almost imprassable by the continued rains. The low grounds as you approach the river from Jonesborough are miry, and the road there in bad condition. It should be causewayed. With the exception of the Cape Fear, there is but one water-course of any importance-White Oak Creek, four miles east of the river, which is well bridged. At ordinary season this road is a very good one. From Jonesborough to Morrisville, on North Carolina Railroad, by way of Haywood, is as near a route. There is a bridge over Deep River, but there is none over Haw; it has been recently carried off by freshet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT STRANGE,

Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1865.

General JOS. E. JOHNSTON, Raleigh, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to advise you that I have failed in obtaining funds to pay the troops of your command. It is proper that I

