
should at the same time relieve both the War and Treasury Departments of any and all neglect in the matter. With this view I take the liberty of suggesting that a general order be published to your army, setting forth the embarrassment of the Treasury Department and the causes of the delay in the epayment of their dues. I firmly believe that all dissatisfaction will cease when these reasons are explained to the army. The embarrassment of the Treasury is owing to the exhaustion of Treasury notes authorized to be issued by law. The present Congress have very properly prohibited any further issue, but has provided by a tax bill for the disbursements of the Government in the future. This tax bill goes into operation immediately, and the Secretary of the Treasury confidently belives that in six weeks he will be amply provided with means to pay the army, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. DESLONDE,

Major, &c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 58. Richmond, Va., March 11, 1865.

* * * *

XVII. Paragraph XXIV, Special Orders, Numbers 43, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, is hereby revoked, and Brigadier General F. A. Shoup, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty under General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding, &c., and will report accordingly.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 11, 1865-12 m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Raleigh, N. C.:

Please keep me informed of enemy's movements in Bragg's and Hardee's fronts. Troops at Salisbury are still awaiting transportation.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RALEIGH, March 11,1 865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charlotte:

Federal army is in Fayetteville this morning. Hardee and Hampton near on this side. General Bragg's troops are returning to Goldsborough from Kinston, where the force opposed to his own was sheavily re-enforced from Wilmington. That force was beaten by General Bragg with Hill's and Hoke's troops on the 8th.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 11, 1865-6. 45 p. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Raleigh, N. C.:

There are 120 car-loads of troops, artillery, and wagons at Salisbury. Must they cotninue to await transportation there or march to Greensborough? There are about sixty-five loads still at Chester awaiting movement from Salisbury.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

