
GOLDSBOROUGH, March 11, 1865.

OPERATOR AT SMITHFIELD:

Colonel Burr's command of home guards, Ellis' battery, and Lipscomb's cavalry regiment, ordered to Raleigh, will be stopped at Smithfield. Show this to the commanding officers and telegraph here their arrival at Smithfield.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 11, 1865-12 m.

Colonel FREMONT,

Magnolia:

Your road is no longer safe south of the Neuse.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Goldsborough, March 11, 1865.

I. The general commanding directs that all public stores and the like will be forwarded to Raleigh as rapidly as possible, retaining 20,000 rations of subsistence here, and as much at Smithfield.

II. Medicines, medical stores proper, and surgical instruments, and ammunition, arms, and subsistence, will have preference of transportation in the order here mentioned. Passenger trains which cannot be used for freight will be devoted exclusively to the sick and wounded while needed for that purpose.

III. The entire energies of the different departments will be bestowed upon these objects. Officers will personally superintend the duties. The whole laboring force of the engineer and quartermaster's departments will be employed in the work.

IV. Cotton and other stores which cannot be removed must be so placed that they can be readily destroyed.

V. One officer of the inspector's department from these headquarters will remain on duty at the depot to overlook these operations, and keep the commanding general advised of any neglect or unnecessary delay.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Kinston, March 11, 1865.

Major-General HOKE:

GENERAL: See particularly to the telegraph operators, that they do not remain in Kinston. All of the papers in the telegraph office must be destroyed. As soon as all of the supplies and wounded are off General Bragg desires that you use the balance of transportation for removal of troops, commencing with Brigadier-General Baker's command, which will go directly through to Smithfield.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

