SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 2. Beaufort, S. C., January 27, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The First Regiment Engineers Missouri Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel William Tweeddale commanding, having arrived at this point, will, as soon as its transportation can be made ready, proceed to Blair's landing on Pocotaligo River, and encamped as near therefore as practicable reporting arrival to Captain C. B. Reese, Chief engineer.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. Beaufort, S. C., January 27, 1865.

* * * * *

V. Headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps is hereby established at Beaufort, S. C. Captain H. N. Wheeler, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned as in charge. All office desks and records not taken with the command in the field will be left in his charge. Captain Wheeler with headquarters will rejoin the corps at such points as may be hereafter designated.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Beaufort, S. C., January 27, 1865.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 26, of date January 26, 1865, from headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Your general congratulates himself on his assignment to troops whose discipline is so marked, whose valor has been so well tried, and who have won by heroic deeds so brilliant a name in the history of this war. Your career is well known to him. He was an eyewitness to your proud achievements at Jackson, Champion's Hill, and Vicksburg. At Mission Ridge, Allatoona, and Resaca you nobly sustained your title as heroes of the Army of the Tennessee. It was our division, which, under its gallant commander, by sleepless vigilance and determined bravery, preserved intact our long line of communication during the tedious, bloody, but at last triumphant campaign of Atlanta. Let us not abate our ardor. The end of the conflict is near. Let us be found at the final victory in the foremost ranks of the friends of truth, justice, and constitutional liberty, the champions and vindicators of an American nationality.

WM. T. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

