
practicable. I have caused General Lee's amnesty order and General Johnston's assuming command to be printed and distributed extensively in parts of this district which are not reached by the newspapers. These orders are producing a happy effect. I have been urging forward the work on the line of telegraph from Augusta to Colubmia and hope to have it ready for use by the 20th instnat. The heavy rains have retarded the work of repairing the Georgia Railroad. The engineer in charge expects have it open to Atlanta by the 25th of April. Herewith I send copy of a proposal to procure uecessaries by exachanging cotton and tobacco at Savannah. The parties making the proposal are reliable men. Without the sanction of the commanding general I have refused to authorize any trade with Savannah. I would be glad to know his wishes on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Raleigh, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to General J. E. Johnston for his information and action.

Brigadier-General Fry's disposition of his forces and his instructions appear judicious. The matter of contracts for army supplies meets with my cordial approval, but I apprehend that no action can be taken without the direct approval of the War Department, and great caution should be used in selecting the parties to the contracted with; otheriwse any such arrangement might lead to a great deal of abuse and trouble.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 13, 1865.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

The Secretary of War has just informed me that General Johnston has directed the removal of supplies from Raleigh as necessary for their safety. If this indicates a purpose to retire behind the railroad line from Goldsborough to Raleigh, and thence to Greensborough, the region of supplies will be lost, and we cannot maintain our position in Virginia and North Carolina. I hope you will be able, by specific instructions, to avert so great a calamity.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 13, 1865-8 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Lieutenant-General Lee reports that he will leave Augusta to-day with 3,000 men and pontoon train, if it arrive in time. He says about 4,000 men will probably arrive shortly at Augusta with wagon train.

I leave this morning.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

