
FAYETTEVILLE AND RALEIGH ROAD,

Near McKeethon's, March 13, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A wagon load of ordnance is just passing back to General Wheeler. No other memorandum of ordnance needed has beenr eceived by me. If you will send an officer to fit up the howitzer which is with my headquarters train I will furnish ammunition. I have left a brigade of infantry at the intersection of the McKeethon Bridge road with this and directed that it should sustain the cavalry in case it should be forced back to that point. I hope you have cavalry on the other roads watching the enemy. I think the movement on this orad is intended merely, as you suppose, to get forage. One of my scouting parties on the other side of the river last night captured 5 of the enemy, 13 negroes, 9 horses, and 3 carts of bacon. The enemy are foraging up to Little River.

Respectfully, yours,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 13, 1865-5. 45 p. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 2. 25 p. m. just received. It is desirable to check the enemy as much as possible, so as to allow our infantry to get off. If only cavalry presses you you can easily stop them or keep Generals Johnston and Hardee informed of all movements by telegraph. It will be necessary to hold the point where this road and the one you are on come together, so that Lqw can get by. He is ten miles from Raleigh, with pickets well to his front.

Yours, respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

It is necessary to keep some force on the railroad to cover that and the dirt road up to Brassfield Depot. A brigade would be sufficient for this and it could rejoin you when Law reaches the railroad.

[MARCH 13, 1865. -For Wheeler to McClellan (three dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, pp. 1125, 1126.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Raleigh:

Your dispatch received. My troops are all here and ready, except rear guard at Kinston. The enemy had not appeared there last night.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RALEIGH, March 13, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Goldsborough:

How long will it take you to reach Smithfield, and how much can the railroad help you in time?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

