
march for this place on the dirt road nearest the railroad, so that they may be taken up on trains if necessary and practicable. The cavalry there will remain behind till further orders, to cover the movement and report and obstruct the movements of the enemy. Chiefs of staff departments will see to the proper disposition of the affairs of their several departments, and that no delay or loss shall ensue.

By order of General Bragg:

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1865-11. 45 a. m.

Colonel ZACHRY,

Commanding Colquitt's Brigade, Kinston, N. C.:

Leave the cavalry to watch and obstruct the enemy and to report his movements. With the infantry of the rear guard you will march here without delay on the dirt road leading along the rialroad, so as to be taken up by trains, if practicable to send any.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1865.

Colonel ZACHRY, Kinston:

(Care of Captain Cooper, assistant adjutant-general.)

Your dispatch to General Hoke opened by me. Colonel Sale is my assistant adjutant-general. March immediately as directed, leaving the cavalry until further orders. Telegraph office at Moseley Hall to be kept open till ordered closed from me. Courier to be kept there to communicate with Kinston. Burn all bridges as you pass this way. No train can be sent. Time is important.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 13, 1865.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send with this two reports* made by Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry, of recent operations of his command against the enemy. Whilst I commanded the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida [I] frequently had occasion to bring to the notice of the Government the gallant and valuable services rendered by Captain Dickison, and recommended his promotion. I am glad to have this opportunity of again mentioing his services, and to renew my recommendation that he be promoted. I think he has farily won his promotion, and that his advancement will promote the interest of the service in this State. I therefore recommend that he be given the rank, at least temporarily, of colonel. The enemy has been quite active in this State recently, and if they succeed in getting possession of Baldwin, or so damaging the Central, or Georgia and Pensacola Railroad

---------------

*For report of action at Braddock's Farm, Fla., see Part I, p. 1135, and for report of action at Station Number Four, Fla., see Vol. XLIX, Part I.

---------------

