
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Savannah, Ga., January 27, 1865.

The First and Second Brigades of this division will march at 7 a.m. to-morrow, the 28th instant, the men carrying three days' rations in haversacks, in the following order, taking the Louisville pike, viz:

I. First Brigade Infantry, Brigadier-General Rice commanding, with Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, in the center of his command and throwing one regiment in rear of the ordnance train.

II. Trains in following order: First, ambulance; second, ordnance; third, brigade trains; fourth, division supply trains.

III. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams commanding, which will form the rear of the column and keep well closed up. In setting forth on another long and arduous campaign the general commanding desires to impress upon all commanding officers the necessity of husbanding and using the utmost economy in regard to supplies, as the country through which we are to pass will afford but Little if any of the necessities of an Army, either provisions or animals, and he trusts that the experience of the veteran and tried troops of this command, who be sufficient to restrain them from a wanton waste of anything which may be necessary to secure their comfort and ultimate success.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Springfield, Ga., January 27, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Moore, commanding the pontoniers, is now at work bridging Ebenezer Creek. He expects to have it finished so that your remaining wagons can cross soon after daylight. The general commanding directs that you delay your column until you can close up these wagons and then at once push forward to the ferry. He desires you to encamp upon the Augusta road, on the first favorable ground, at least one mile above Sister's Ferry, establishing your line facing northward, your right resting on or near the Savannah River.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,January 27, 1865-3 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: My division in camp five miles from Sister's Ferry. Road first rate from the creek to this point and two miles beyond, having been out that far, and said to be good to the river. One of our gun-boats at the ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

