
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, March 14, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: Great disorders are already coming from the selling of spirits to the soldiers in the city, and the evil may be expected to increase as the number of soldiers increases. It is somewhat embarrassing for civil officers to assume authority to remove or destroy private property, and I therefore have to request you, in the name of the loyal and orderly citizens of this city, to issue orders for the immediate removal or destruction of all liquors in this place, except such small quantities as may be necessary for family and medical purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., March 14, 1865-4 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Raleigh:

Sherman is moving doubtless to from junction with Schofield's forces about Goldsborough. As you cannot yet check him, it would be well to concentrate all your forces against Schofield and crush him before that junction can be made.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SMITH'S FERRY, March 14, 1865-2 p. m.

(Via Barbee's, 4 a. m. 15th.)

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

The enemy advanced on the river and plank roads to-day to Silver Creek, where I had a brigade of infantry intrenched to support the cavalry; then Hampton fell back. At his request the infantry was withdrawn, and the line occupied by dismounted cavalry. The enemy came upon the felt the lines sharply, and retired about four miles. I was on the cavalry front myself to-day, and don't think the advance in this direction was serious or in large force. Distant cannonading heard this evening, supposed to be on the Clinton road, in Butler's front. I expect to hear from him during the night.

W. J. HARDEE.

[MARCH 14, 1865. -For Wheeler to McClellan (two dispatches), reporting operations, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 1126.]
HEADQUARTERS TENNESSEE BRIGADE,March 14, 1865.

Colonel H. M. ASHBY:

COLONEL: Warren's scouts have just returned. They report that they followed the river road near Beasley's Mills, two miles this side of the bridge, and found the enemy encamped there in heavy force. They say there was a considerabl stir in camp about midnight. They think they were moving out their wagons on the plank road.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. KUHN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tennessee Brigade.

