HEADQUARTERS TENNESSEE CAVALRY BRIGADE,River Road, March 14, 1865-7. 30 o'clock.

Captain WALKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Captain Moore, commanding picket, reports the enemy's cavalry advancing on this road. Their advance was about two miles beyond our vedettes at 6 o'clock this morning. He thinks that they are advancing slowly and cautiously.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. H. KUHN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

RALEIGH, March 14, 1865.

Colonel PARKER:

General Johnston directs that you make immediate arrangements for the transportation of the Federal prisoners here to the point on the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad nearest to the Danville railroad. Colonel Cunningham will have command of the guard (State troops), and will be directed to confer with you. Captain John Robinson, engineer, will give you information about railroad trains, and you should see him. I will send the guard to report to you, and you will please turn it over to Colonel Cunningham.

ARCHR ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 14, 1865.

Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that fifty men of the North Carolina militia will be insufficient to guard 500 prisoners on the march between the two railroads. It will require at least twenty-five on guard at a time, and the militia, being unaccustomed to fatigue and exposure, will prove much less efficient than a smaller number of troops accustomed to marching and doing duty as sentinels. I would respectfully recommend that the number be increased to 75 or 100 if practicable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. CUNNINGHAM,

Colonel, &c.

SMITHFIELD, March 14, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

Your order for Major Reid will be promptly obeyed, but I know not how to feed this command without him. I have no competent officer to relieve him, and no one can replace him, for want of his local knowledge and experience.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

88 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

