
is approved. Your suggestion in reference to impressment of cavalry horses is adopted, but you will impress only in your front and as you fall back, but do not disperse your men to the rear for that purpose.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,March 15, 1865.

Colonel T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Commanding Second South Carolina Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you move your command at once via Goldsborough, and take position in front of and near to the enemy, who is moving from about Kinston in this direction. Dispose your men so as to observe all the avenues of approach, and to this end you had bettr place a detachment on the south side of the river. If he advance impede his progress and learn his movements. Report daily from the nearest telegraph office, and oftener when necessary. Report by courirer should the telegraph at any time become impracticable. Captain Chesnut's (Captain Macfie's) squadron will be ordered to join you as soon as he can be found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITHFIELD, March 15, 1865.

Colonel S. D. POOL,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

Dispatches received last night. Instruct Colonel Baird to keep close to the enemy, and fall back in their immediate front, reorting regularly. Your suggestion for railroad transportation for cotton referred to Major Cameron for attention if practicable.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] SMITHFIELD, March 16, 1865.

(Received 6. 45.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I respectfully request revocation of Special Orders, Numbers 43, paragraph XXIV, assigning General Shoup. I had on assuming command assigned Brigadier-General Mackall to the duty to which General Pillow is assigned in Special Orders, Numbers 51. Shall I revoke my order?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

SMITHFIELD, March 16, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

Your letter of the 11th received. I will do my utmost to fullfill your wishes. Have already ordered 300 wagons, Army of Tennessee, to be used in filling gaps in railroad, and 100 in collecting supplies for you in South Carolina. Federal army east of Cape Fear, but still near Fayetteville.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

