
Hampton of the intended movement. Established a line of couriers to this place. Let me know your position to-night. Turn all of your reserve artillery fot for service to Smithfield.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

9. 30 A. M.

P. S. - Please inform General Hampton that General Bragg says there are considerable stores (quartermaster and commissary) at Clinton. General Johnston desires him to use or remove them if practicable. The advance of a column of the enemy (force not known) was last evening at White Hall, on the Neuse, above Kinston. This information should also be furnished General Hampton. Opposing this force General Bragg has 1,000 infantry and a squadron of cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 15 [16], 1865. - For Hardee to Johnstob, 3. 30 p. m. reporting operations at Aversborough, see Part I, p. 1073.]

SMITHFIELD, March 16, 1865 - 4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Near Aversborough:

Dispatch 11. 30 a. m. received. The instructions to you to move toward Smithfield were based on the idea given by the weak demonstration reported by you yesterday that the enemy was merely clearing his left flank to march toward Clinton or Goldsborough. Unless you are informed that he is pressing General Hampton so strongly as to confirm that idea, do not obey the order of this morning to march on Smithfield, but leave the enemy no farther than may be necessary to your safety, so that if he moves toward Raleigh with his army you may keep before him. If he turns to the east you may come toward Smithfield.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[MARCH 16, 1865. - For Hardee to Johnston, 4. 30 p. m., reporting operations at Averasborough see Part I, p. 1074.]
HEADQUARTERS,Smithfield, March 16, 1865 - 10. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

Your dispatch of 4. 30 p. m. received At what point has the enemy crossed the Black River - near the Clinton road, as if to move toward Goldsborough, or near your position, as if to turn your flank and move toward Raleigh? Please give all the information you have from General Hampton in regard to their movements, in order that we may regulate our own accordingly. If you are moving this way you had better have the telegraph office at Barbee's moved to Raleigh.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

