HEADQUARTERS,SMITHFIELD, March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Johnston desires that you will communicate to the Army of Tennessee that at this time, in presence of the enemy, no furloughs can be granted. As soon, however, as such indulgence can be allowed consistently with the good of the service they will be recommenced upon a liberal system.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 1. Smirhfield, March 16, 1865.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 6, from the headquarters of General Johnston, dated at Smithfield, March 16, 1865, I assume command of the infantry and artillery of the Army of Tennessee.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.

ONE MILES FROM SMITH'S HOUSE,

March 16, 1865 - 11. 30 a. m.

General HAMPTON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have already informed you by one of your couriers that the enemy attacked me this morning at 7 o'clock, and we have been fighting him ever since. Rhett's brigade fell back in some disorder, but rallied on Elliott. My principal fight will be at this point, where McLaws has his entire division. I expected to have your assistance to-day, and I regret that circumstances compelled you to send Wheeler elsewhere. Unless the enemy brings up a heavier force than he has yet shown I have no doubt of my ability to hold my position till night, when I shall retire, in obedience to what I regard as General Johnston's wishes, on the Smithfield road. The general is himself at Smithfield. I hope to see you to-night. when I pass Averasborough Raleigh will be entirely uncovered. You must endeavor to place some cavalry to cover it.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR SMITH'S March 16, 1865 - 1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee has twice written to you this morning. The enemy are pressing us heavily and by flank movements compelled our withdrawal from two advanced lines. We are now on the main line. General Wheeler is here and has sent back four miles to hurry up his command. The boat howitzer has been fitted up and I sent it on the Averasborough and Smithfield road by a courier of yours, who said you would be on that road.

Yours, very respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

