HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 16, 1865 - 6. 35 a. m.

Major McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I regert to say that no information has yet been received from Colonel McLemore, in response to the disaptch directing him to send scouts to ascertain what force of enemy has passed up the plank road, nor has the courier returned. I inclose dispatch just received from General Allen. Neither of the dispatches referred to by him were brought by the courier.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

N. B. - The dispatched referred to by General Allen have just come in and are inclosed. *

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant HUNDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward a communication just received from Captain Wright, commanding Shaw's battalion, to Colonel White, commanding Hagan's brigade. I had sent a picket also to Stallings Bridge, with a view to covering the crossing over Mingo Creek. I therefore released the picket on Mingo Creek, hence the roads to your headquarters and to the rear of Lieutenant-Colonel Davant (Fifth Georgia Cavalry), commanding picket at Smith's Mill, are left open. I shall move at a very early hour this morning down to the point at which the road from Stalling's Bridge to Smithfield intersects this road (leading from Averasborough to Clinton). I think it will be better to withdraw Colonel Davant back to this road. If the general thinks it best to do so, please direct him to withdraw through the courier who bears this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Since writing the above the accompanying note from General Law has come in to be forwarded to General Hampton.

Respectfully,

W. W. A.

McDONALD'S CROSS-ROADS, March 16, 1865.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: As the enemy, with infantry and cavalry, crossed at Smith's Mill, I have directed Colonel Davant to fall back, when forced to do so, toward the bridge over Black River, where you crossed. It is important to hold the Smithfield road, and there Colonel Davant is directed to make a stand. You can re-enforce him. Leave what force is necessary to cover the road to Raleigh, and you can bring the rest of your force up the Smithfield road. Should you meet any of my artillery

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

