
bring it along. As a strong force is now in the fork of the Black River and Mingo Creek I shall place a wsmall picket at the bridge over the latter, with directions to burn it on approach of enemy. It will be destroyed at any rate in three hours. Colonel Dibrell reports the enemyas one mile east of this point and moving east. I will take him with me, connecting with the Second South Carolina Regiment, and covering the roads to Goldsborough and Smithfield. I think General Hardee should move as soon and as rapidly as he can, as the enemy are making toward Goldsborough. I shall be on the Clinton and Smithfield road.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMTON.

[MARCH 16, 1865. - For Wheeler to McClellan, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1126.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Stallings Bridge, March 16, 1865 - 9. 15 a. m.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Colonel Dibrell directs me to say to you that the enemy have made their appearance at the bridge and are attempting to cross.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. RAWORTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Smithfield, March 16, 1865.

Chief commissaries of corps, and of divisions not forming part of a corps, will at once report to Major S. V. Reid, acting chief commissary of the department, the times up to which their several commands are rationed. Hereafter (As long as the forces remain stationery) they will draw upon requisitions approved by the assistant adjutants-general of the respective commands and by Major Reid. During same time they will employ the brigade transportation in collecting supplies as far as practicable in the surrounding country, so as not to drawn from the depot more than absolutely necessary.

By order of General Bragg:

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Smithfield, March 16, 1865.

Major General R. F. HOKE,

Camp, near Smithfield:

GENERAL: From near Burgaw Station you detached from your command and ordered to a position up the Cape Fear River toward Fayetteville, two companies of infantry, one of light artillery, and a detachment of engineer troops - names of the companies, &amp;c., not known here. When the enemy's movements from east and south recently threatened to cut these troops off orders were sent them from these headquarters,

