
through Colonel Lipscomb, at Rocky Point, to proceed directly to Fayetteville, and there report for the time being to General Johnston, Lieutenant-General Hardee, or other senior officer present. It is presumed that thesen orders were obeyed, and that the detachments are probably now with Lieutenant-General Hardee. The general commanding now directs that they rejoin your command as early as practicable, and to that end that you forward them orders (Accompanied by this note) through Lieutenant Hardee, designating the companies and detachment by name.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,March 16, 1865.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order of the 15th, directing me to move via Goldsborough and take position in front of and near to the enemy moving from Kinston to Smithfield, &amp;c.

I have received written orders from General Hampton directing me to report to General Butler, and orders from General Butler directing me to leave the road I was picketing on this morning and report to him at Beaman's Cross-Roads. I carried the above order into execution, and, after reporting, received your dispatch to-night about 9 o'clock. I immediately submitted your order to General Butler and asked to be relieved from under his command in order that I might carry out your orders. It was proptly done, and I will leave here at daylight for Goldsborough. Your letter of the 8th, in regard to Lieutenant Thompson, was never received, or the order would have been obeyed at once. He is on detached duty at present, but I have sent for him, and your instructions [will be] carried out as soon as he reaches me, and a report submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Colonel, Commanding.

SMITRHFIELD, March 16, 1865 - 9 a. m.

Colonel S. D. POOL, Goldsborough:

Ascertain if there is any force of the enemy on north side of neuse. If none, then cross Whitford over to support Chesnut, and feel the enemy, to discover whether they have any infantry force behind their cavalry. Date your hours in telegrams.

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITHFIELD, March 16, 1865.

Colonel S. D. POOL, Goldsborough:

Major Cameron has telegraphed you, and will again, about the transportation for the supplies named. Colonel Lipscomb is ordered to the enemy's Kinston front from the Fayetteville front, and will pass

