
They possess valuable information regarding the laying down of torpedoes, and connected with the sinking of the monitor Patapsco. They are at your disposal when it suits your convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Commanding District of Beaufort:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Major-general commanding to put in writing the verbal instructions given to you by him in person. You will proceed at once to Edisto Island, and with the military force there demonstrate strongly against the enemy in co-operation with the navy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 44. Deveaux's Neck, S. C., January 27, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The Second Brigade, Colonel E. N. Hallowell, will move to-morrow as soon after daylight as possible to a new position near Pocotaligo. The men will carry in their knapsacks and haversacks five days' rations. All property belonging to the brigade that cannot be readily carried by the troops will be left in camp under a small guard and will be shipped to Hilton Head, S. C., for storage. Two wagons will report to Colonel Hallowell for transportation of the necessary baggage of the brigade and headquarters to its new camp.

III. The Artillery Brigade will move to-morrow morning in rear of the Second Brigade to a new position near Pocotaligo, which will be designated. Five days' rations and as much forage as can be carried on the carriages will be taken. Cannoneers will march. One wagon will be ordered to report for transportation of the actually necessary baggage and forage. A small guard will be left to move and ship to Hilton Head, S. C., such property as cannot be transported.

IV. The First Brigade, with the exception of the Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, stationed at Coosawhatchie, will move as early as possible on the morning of the 29th to a position to be designated near Pocotaligo. Five days' rations will be carried by the men in their haversacks and knapsacks. Two wagons will report to brigade headquarters to-morrow evening for transportation of the necessary baggage. All heavy baggage will be sent to-morrow to the landing to be shipped to Hilton Head for storage.

V. The cavalry will move to-morrow at an early hour. Three days' rations and forage will be carried. One wagon will report to the cavalry for transportation of forage and necessary heavy baggage.

VI. In the view movement brigade commanders will be allowed to transport two wall tents each. No other tents except shelter-tents will be allowed in the command.

By command of Brigadier General J. P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-firth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

