
sent for to-day to go to Bate, but I am informed they are our foraging, and cannot be had before to-morrow. So soon as they arrive they will be distributed so as to make a fair division between mine and Cheatman's corps. To-day five wagons received from Major Edmonston were given over by Major Edmonston to Hill's corps. Loring and walthall have each five four-house wagons, which they brought from Goldsborough. Of the twelve wagons received for my corps yesterday there were six four-house and six two-horse of those turned over to Hill's corps. I learn there were six or seven four-horse.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Smithfield, N. C., March 17, 1865 - 7. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Johnston desires you will procure immediately from Major Edmonston ten wagons and teams which he has here in charge of the post quartermaster for fair distribution to your corps and Bate's division. Estimating from the figures given in your note it would appear that you corps has now one four-horse wagon for every seventy-nine men, and Bate's division one for every 128; besides some other brigades of Cheatham; s corps have just arrived. Hence, the larger proportion of these ten wagons, all things considered, should go to Cheatham's corps. These wagons should be procured to-night, as we must be ready to move to-morrow morning or daybreak.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, March 17, 1865 - 9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Johnston directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at dawn to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,March 17, 1865 - 10. 45 p. m.

Colonel ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If the ten wagons which has just come were distributed proportionally to Bate, Loring, and Walthall, it would give Bate four, Loring five, and Walthall one. This would give them four-horse wagons in proportion to number of men. Not knowing how many more of

