
Cheatham's troops have arrived, and to make sure of giving them their share, I will send eight of these wagons to them and two to Loring. To-day the command received orders to have three days cooked rations from to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR BLACK RIVER BRIDGE,

March 17, 1865 - 4. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMTON:

GENERAL: All attacks of the enemy were repelled yesterday. General Hardee will to-day march to Elevation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LASSELLE'S HORSE,

Near Intersection of Smithfield and Goldsborough Roads, March 17, 1865 - 7. 15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: I find the enemy on the roads leading from Stallings and Graham's Bridges. They encamped last night where the road from the latter to Goldsborough crossed the Clinton and Smithfield road. I shall leave a strong picket at McDonald's Cross-Roads, with directions to fall back, if forced to do so, on the Smithfield road, this covering your line of march. The rest of the force here I shall put on thwe Goldsborough road to assist in covering that point. If any portion of my command is now on the Smithfield road, and you can spare it, do send it on the Goldsborough road to join me. I shall be on the latter road to-day. If General Wheeler is with you will you advise him of my movements? I should like to hear the result of your fight yesterday. I hope it was successful, and that your casualties were light.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Willis Cole's House, on Goldsborough Road, Three Miles southwest of Bentonville, March 17, 1865 - 6 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: I inclose you two dispatches just received from General Butler which show his position. * Cobb's Mill os one mile from Beaman's Cross-Roads on road leading to Goldsborough. Blackman Lee's is on the Clinton and Smithfield road. I think that the enemy is moving on Goldsborough and his right will strike the Weldon and Wilmington Railroad at or below Faison's Depot. From the dispatch of General Johnston which you sent to me I infer that General Bragg's forces have all been withdrawn to Smithfield, except the 1,000 men-

---------------

* Only one found; see 3 p. m., p. 1421.

---------------

