
MARCH 17, 1865 - 4. 30 a. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee begs that you will not leave Averasborough to-day until the enemy make their appearance, and that you will endeavor to ascertain whether the enemy are going to Raleigh or Smithfield.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Averasborough, March 17, 1865 - 6. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A prisoners of Fourteenth Corps brought in this morning states that his corps and most of the Twentieth were engaged in the fight yesterday; that Kilpatrick commenced the fight, but retired soon as the infantry came up; that the loss in his brigade was about 300, and of the whole command was about 3,300 menl that General Slocum was on the field and commanded the forces. He thinks Kilpatrick cam eup to the front this morning. He says General Slocum told his men that they were fighting 15,000 men. Their officers told them they thought they were commanded by General Hardee. The enemy are advancing this morning.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 17, 1865 - 6,40 a. m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The prisoners captured this morning states that their army aregoing to Goldsborough and not to Raleigh. Your dispatch of 4. 30 this a. m. reveived, and its instructions will be obeyed.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Averasborough, March 17, 1865 - 9. 05 a. m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE:

GENERAL: The enemy have advanced very near this place with a line of battle of infantry. Cavalry has also been seen. When driven back [sic.] I will turn off toward Smithfield with my main force, and will send a regiment on the road toward Raleigh. I do not think the enemy will go farthertoward Raleigh than where the road turns off to Smithfield. Colonel Ashby has sent off all the wounded which could travel, and has left rations for such as were not able to travel. He has also a force keeping up all stragglers.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

