HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 17, 1865 - 10. 40 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your dispatch received. I did leave one regiment Texas Rangers to fall back on the Raleigh road. It cannot yet be determined whether the enemy will move on that road. They are now advancing on this. They are as yet but a short distance from the fork.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 17, 1865 - 11. 10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The enemy marched a short distance up the Raleigh road, skirmishing with the Eighth Texas, but have advanced farther on this road. The indications are that the advance will be upon this road.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Elevation, March 17, 1865 - 4 p. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Allen reports at 1 p. m. that the enemy are advancing on his road and that he was skirmishing with them four miles from the bridge over Black River, on which he crossed last night. The Raleigh and Wilmington road does not cross the Smithfield road at Elevation, as laid down on the maps, but two miles beyond toward Smithfield. General Hardee's headquarters to-night will be about a miles beyond the intersection toward Smithfield.

Very respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Willis Cole's House, on Goldsborough Road, Three Miles southwest of Bentonville, March 17, 1865 - 6. 30 p. m.

Major General J. WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to say that as the position of the enemy's cavalry has not been sufficiently defined, he fears that they may have moved up on the west side of the Cape Fear River, endeavoring to strike at our wagon trains or at the railroad at Raleigh. The two regiments which were left west of the Cape Fear River should, he thinks, give information of such a movement, and Crews' brigade ought before this time to have been in a position to protect the trains or Raleigh.

Have you any information of Dibrell's trains, when last heard from were two days behind yours, or of Butler's, which were ordered

