HDQRS. DIST. OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Jacksonville, Fla., January 27, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: Yesterday I went up the Saint John's fifteen miles on the steamer Hale. On my return I was informed that a small party, some forty men, were sent out by Colonel Tilghman to bring in a family and household goods, and hoping to capture a rebel soldier lurking about the neighborhood of the house to which the party was sent. Colonel Tilghman's report is forwarded with the report of the officer commanding the party. Probably more of the squad will come in, but still there is enough of the disaster to give some force to the application made for cavalry in this district. As such application was approved by the general commanding the department, I trust they may be sent without delay. There are so many facilities for giving information of our slightest movements to the enemy, that, without horses to make rapid movements possible, we are subject to such petty disgraces at any time.

I visited Saint Augustine on Sunday last. I found the command in as good condition as I expected, but that was anything but satisfactory.

Colonel Wilcoxson's report will exhibit the necessity for additional force. I can only renew my application for more troops. Two regiments of cavalry and one of infantry, with a light battery, ought to be sent here as soon as practicable. With such a force I could, I believe, clean this part of Florida of all rebel forces immediately.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON DEPOT, January 27, 1865.

(Received 11. 35 a.m.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON:

Seventh train of troops arrived at 7 this a.m.

GEO. S. KOONTZ.

WASHINGTON DEPOT, January 27, 1865.

Honorable e. M. STANTON:

Eight train of troops arrived at 2, and ninth at 2. 30, this p.m.

G. S. KOONTZ.

FLAG-SHIP MALVERN,

Cape Fear River, N. C., January 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: I don't know that this will reach you for some time, but I write at a venture. We have settled down at Fort Fisher and have almost forgotten that it ever belonged to the rebels. We don't propose to do anything more, but hold on for you to come here and bag these fellows. They are working like beavers at their forts on the river. They hold some heavy positions and have some fifty guns

