
tioned at Blackman Lee's Store on the latter road, and on this road also. He desires to hear from you to know where you have your command, and what information you have of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,McLain's Cross-Roads, March 17, 1865 - 3 p. m.

[Major H. B. McCLELLAN:]

MAJOR: I sent you a dispatch at 1 p. m. by a party of Colonel Dibrell's scouts, giving my position and stating that the enemy had reached Cobb's Mill, six miles to my rear, and that I have taken a prisoner from the Fifteenth Corps, who said that his corps was ordered to take the right at Ray's Store. I have since taken two prisoners from same corps who says that two divisions of his corps is to march toward Rob. Lee's Store (where they were taken). I have moved my command across the Big Cohera, near Blackman Lee's, where I will await orders.

The enemy was in three miles of Clinton yesterday evening.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. C. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Salisbury, March 17, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Just arrived here. Owing to great scarcity supplies, high water, and bad roads, had to cross at different ferries along Pedee. About 200 Butler's cavalry, left with me, crossed at Stanback's. Black's regiment, 300 strong, at Christian's; 150 men of Fifth Tennessee at ferries above. Gaillard's battery and Kir's battalion are now crossing at Stokes' Ferry, with orders to march to lexington. I shall await your orders before I move them from Lexington. All the others are ordered to Raleigh. I would like to visit you at Raleigh. The condition of affairs in South Carolina compels me to send Colonel Colcock, Third South Carolina Cavalry, back, three squadrons of his regiment having been lefy in Orandeburg. An efficient officer of rank, fully empowered, should be sent to South Carolina [to] suppress insurrection, capture marauders, and encourage agriculture. Two regiments of Yankee cavalry dashed into Florence on the 5th, but were driven ten miles by a portion of Fifth Tennessee and a squadron of Colcock's cavalry.

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Smithfield, March 17, 1865.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Salisbury:

Dispatch received. General Johnston directs you recall Colcock's regiment to rejoin your brigade. Troops have been provided for South Carolina. Bring on your brigade to unite with this army, reporting progress by telegraph.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

