HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 18, 1865 - 5. 40 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Four of our prisoners escaped from the Fourteenth Corps last night about midnight. They think the enemy are marching toward Goldsborough, and say the Fourteenth Corps crossed Black River at some point below there last night. I have learned of no advance on either this or the Raleigh road this morning. If the enemy do advance towardRaleigh I will notify you immediately.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Smithfield, March 18, 1865 - 6. 45 a. m.

[General HARDEE:]

GENERAL: General Johnston directs that you put your command immediately in motion for Bentonville by the shortest route, unless the enemy are advancing in force up the Averasborough and Smithfield road; in that case, on receiving prompt notice from you, all our columns could be turned on that force. The sheriff of this county represents that there is a road leading from a point two miles this side of Elevation and striking the Averasborough and Goldsborough road a little to the west of Bentonville. The troops here are moving directly on Bentonville, and General Johnston desires you to be immediately on their right. Please give information to General Wheeler and desire him to make frequent reports.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Four Miles from Elevation, March 18, 1865.

[General WHEELER:]

GENERAL: General Hardee desires that you will make reports to him and also to General Johnston direct.

Respectfully,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Smithfield and Averasborough Road, near Black River, March 18, 1865 - 10. 40 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your dispatch, through General Hardee, directing me to report the movements of the enemy direct to you as well as to others of my superior officers. My present information is that the day after fighting General Hardee the Fourteenth and Twenieth Corps moved up to Averasborough. The Twentieth

