
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' BRIGADE,March 18, 1865 - 5 a. m.

Colonel G. G. DIBRELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

A scout of the First Kentucky has just returned, having been gone since 9 o'clock last night. They report the enemy camped in large force at the junction of the Goldsborough and Smithfield roads where we put up rail-works yesterday. He thinks the encampment extends about a mile up the Smithfield road, the same distance in this direction, and back beyond where we first formed yesterday.

Respectfully,

WM. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' BRIGADE,March 18, 1865 - 7. 30 p. m.

[Colonel G. G. DIBRELL:]

COLONEL: Lieutenant-Colonel Griffith, First Kentucky, has just returned with his regiment. He reports that he found the enemy encamped at the forks of the Smithfield and Goldsborough roads, near the last rail-works occupied this evening by the Ninth Kentucky, on horseback. He thinks that it is not a general encampment of a corps; but the force was far too strong to be attacked by his regiment. He saw no signs of infantry having passed that point coming this way. He left one company under captain Johnson with instructions to remain until he could learn the probable force and intentions of the enemy.

8 p. m. - Captain Johnson has returned. He thinks the encampment reported by Colonel Griffith consists of not more than 1, 500 or 2,000 men. His movement being discovered, and column of cavalry pursuing, he was forced to retire without further information. I have ordered another scout to attempt to go completely around the encampment.

8. 15 o'clock. - Major Austin has returned with his regiment. He reports that he traveled a road running parallel with the Goldsborough road, which we traveled to-day about a mile from it, and intersecting the Smithfield road near where it leaves the Goldsborough road. He found an extensive encampment at the place reported by Colonel Griffith. He learned from citizens living in the vicinity, and one who passed through the camp, that it consists of one corps, and Yankee soldiers told the sitizens their destination was Smithfield.

Respectfully,

WM. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ALLEN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,March 18, 1865 - 3. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to say that I did not in my dispatch of last evening intend to say that the enemy's infantry has crossed Mingo

