
by river so at to meet Davis and Williams there. I confide in his energy and judgment to get his command across by Monday. You may now let Foster's troops occupy the old fort at Pocotaligo bridge, where the Charleston and Savannah turnpike road crosses. They will also hold Coosawhatchie fort, but the main road crosses. They will camp covering the Salkehatchie bridge, prepared to fall back on Pocotaligo fort and the works at the depot now occupied by Mower and Leggett. You may now move your two corps to points in front, north of the railroad, and be ready to march by all the roads leading north between the Coosawhatchie and Salkehatchie, with your wagons to close up the moment they are loaded. Roads are now comparatively good. Giles Smith's division should make room for Hatch, but Mower and Leggett can start from their present camps.

The Fifteenth Corps should take position to the left or right front, according to your intention of giving one or the other the right of your movement. You will have to get nearly up to Barnwell before turning toward Midway. The point marked Heywardsville looks like a good point for the Fifteenth Corps and could be reached from the position of John E. Smith's camp. Giles Smith could move to the point about four miles north and west of the Salkehatchie bridge, when you would have your two corps all ready to move by separate roads, viz, one following substantially the Salkehatchie and the other the Coosawhatchie, leaving Corse to make his junction as arranged at Hickory Hill. Hatch can supply his command by boats altogether, so as not to occupy our road at all. You had better begin this movement to-morrow.

I am, sir,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Pocotaligo, January 28, 1865-12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Your note just received. I have given all my officers to understand that they would not move till Monday, and there is some Little shortness of clothing that I was hoping to get distributed in the present camps. If you will permit me I think I can accomplish your wishes, limiting the movement simply to General Giles A. Smith's division. General John E. Smith's brigade at Beaufort, I think, will get closed up to-day, but I fear not before to-morrow night. I had intended, with your sanction, to move the Seventeenth Corps by the right-hand road, and the Fifteenth by roads to the left of it. Will it be practicable to cross the Salkehatchie before reaching Walker's or Rivers' Bridge? I mean by the right corps.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, January 28, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The modifications you suggest in my general directions are approved, and the movements ordered for to-morrow will be deferred

