
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,March 18, 1865 - 10 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded.

The bridge spoken of is the one destroyed by me to-day on Smithfield road. The encampment is at the intersection of Smithfield and Clinton with Averasborough and Goldsborough roads.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LOGAN'S BRIGADE,March 19, 1865.

Major PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Butler's Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I met the head of the enemy's column at a point about two miles and a half from the point at which I left you. I drove their advance guard in upon their column, about one mile and a half from the point at which I met them, capturing two animals. I have formed my line at the fork of the road (two miles and a half from you). I could not take the command farther with safety, as the enemy have also appeared on the left road. General Howard and staff was charged by my advance, or so they announced themselves, upon being met suddenly at a bend in the road. Some of the prisoners that have been take report the Twentieth Corps in my front, advancing. I have struck nothing but mounted men so far. I have taken steps to learn whether the Twentieth Corps is here, and will inform you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 19, 1865.

Brigadier General BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Salisbury:

Take immediate steps to have 300 negroes impressed and turned over to Captain Thomas R. Sharp, engaged in widening gauge of railroad. Captain Sharp is in salisbury. Communicate with him.

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BENTONVILLE, March 20, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

Our cavalry reporting that the Fourteenth and twentieth Corps were moving by the Averasborough and Goldsborough road, and the Fifteenth and Seventeenth by that from Fayetteville, I concentrated our troops here yesterday morning and attacked the enemy about 3 p. m. ; routed him, capturing three guns; but a mile in rear he rallied upon fresh troops. We were able to press all back slowly until 6, when receiving fresh troops, apparently, he attempted the offensive, which we resisted without difficulty until dark. This morning he is intrenched. Our loss was small. The troops behaved extremely well. Dense thickets prevented rapid operations.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

