
on that from Averasborough. We attacked the latter force at 3 p. m. ; routed one corps, capturing three guns; but a mile rear the enemy ralied on fresh troops. We were able to press all back slowly until 6, when, apparently receiving fresh troops, he attempted the offensive, which resisted without difficulty until dark. Our troops behaved handsomely. This morning enemy was intrenched. We have now the whole army in our front. The Fifteenth Corps, moving from direction of Goldsborough on our left flank and rear, made it necessary to change ourfront so as to look to the south. There has, so far, been only skirmishing to-day. Please give this information to the governor in my name.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 20, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Smithfield, N. C.:

Major Willis reports having shipped everything from Salisbury? Shall I await here Lee's arrival? Anything new from the front?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MARCH 20, 1865 - 6 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel ANDERSON:

If we are to retire to-night would it not be well for me to withdraw the artillery on my line at an early hour give timely notice, so that every one can be prepared?

Very respectfully,

A. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.

HOSPITAL, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

March 20, 1865.

Colonel GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: The wounded number 624. All cases able to walk have been sent off to Smithfield. Unless all the wagons are placed at my disposal the wounded cannot be removed to-day. Inform General Stewart of the fact and give me information what can be done, and what time is allowed for the removal of the wounded.

Respectfully,

JOHN T. DARBY,

Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS,March 20, 1865.

Captain GALE:

Just in front of our line and to the left of it the enemy are busily engaged in felling heavy timber. Nothing of the kind heard on our right. This cutting of timber is either fortifying or cutting a road to our left.

Respectfully,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

