
SMITHFIELD STATION, March 21, 1865 - 8. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Dispatch from Colonel Sale of 6 p. m. was received by me at 2 a. m. this morning. The operator at Goldsborough was called repeatedly, but did not answer until daylight. At 2. 20 a. m. I sent copy by couriers, as you directed, to Colonel Whitford at or near Cox's Bridge. The courier has not returned yet. Over 200 prisoners arrived here last night. In absence of instructions I shall send them by first train to Raleigh and telegraph General Beauregard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITHFIELD STATION, March 21, 1865 0 3. 25 p. m.

[Lieutenant-Colonel ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

COLONEL: Dispatch was received from General Bragg's headquarters at 2 p. m. addressed to Colonel Pool, at Goldsborough, directing his movements in case of evacuation of that place, &amp;c. Communication with Goldsborough ceased just previous to receipt of dispatch. the last dispatch to operator said Yankees were in three miles of town. It is suposed the office is closed or the line cut. I found an intelligent courier belonging to General Wheeler's escort company and send dispatch to Goldsborough by him directing to cross Little River and proceed down left bank in direction of Goldsborough, but to strike the Weldon railroad a couple of miles above the town; to be cautions, and destroy dispatch in case if capture.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAS. COOPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,March 21, 1865 - 10. 25 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It has just been reported to me that the enemy's infantry are advancing on General Taliaferro's extreme right, threatening to turn his flank.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McLAWS' DIVISION,March 21, 1865.

Colonel ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Sergeant Paysinger has just returned from a scout, and reports as follows: Went to the Goldsborough road about four miles to the left of our infantry, near a mill, and found the Second Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps passing up the road in the direction of the battle-field of

