
yesterday. Citizens on the road report that the enemy were moving in this same direction all night. paysinger captured seven prisoners, who confirmed this report. Paysinger will return at once. He left his men on the road. The prisoners report that the Seventeenth Army Corps is on the right, in the direction of Goldsborough, lying in camp.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S CORPS,March 21, 1865 - 5 p. m.

Colonel W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have just been making disposition of what force I have left. I am from three to five feet apart in single rank. I placed Tyler's brigade beyond the swamp, which does not extend quite to the edge of the field. The enemy is sonfronting us to the edge of the field, in what force of do not know. I kept Taliaferro's pickets on post; will retain tem. There is no cavalry on myright that I can find and I made search. The enemy can come in there with impunity.

Very respectfully,

WM. B. BATE,

Major-General.

MARCH 21, 1865 - 6. 45 a. m.

General WHEELER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to say that it is reported that the enemy are attempting to cross the swamp on which Colonel Smith is stationed. He desires you to send all of your available men at once to re-enforce Colonel Smith, and to extend to the left, to connect with General Law.

Very respectfully,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 21, 1865 - 2 a. m.

Major McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: My scouts have just returned from the right of the enemy's lines. They report no retrograde movement of the enemy; on the contrary, the indications are that he will fight to-day. The scouts penetrated to the Goldsborough road and conversed with men from the Fifteenth Corps, who stated that their commands were on the line in front. I will a few men along Mill Creek on the other side in order to notify me of any movement of enemy from the neighborhood of Cox's Bridge across toward Smithfield or Bentonville. I think such a movement would only be attempted with cavalry, if at all.

I am, major, very respectfully,

E. M. LAWS,

Brigadier-General.

