
RALEIGH, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Captain THOMAS R. SHARP,

Assistant Quartermaster, salisbury:

Captain Robinson reports that neither the North Carolina Central, the Wilmington and Weldon, nor the Weldon and Petersburg Railroad, will be able to assist you. Call upon General Bradley T. Johnson for labor.

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

General Beauregard directs that Major Bryan return to Milledgeville and see to the transportation of troops and supplies; that Colonel Roman return to Augusta and see to the discharge of the same duties. You will make headquarters at Chester and perform similar duties until further orders.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 21, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Since my letter of the 13th instant, addressed to Lieutenant-General Hardee, forwarding reports of Captain J. J. Dickinson, Second Florida Cavalry, and recommending his promotion, he has rendered another good service in pursuing a raiding party to within a mile of Saint Augustine and recapturing twenty-four negroes and other stolen property. In addition to the command I could give him if appointed a colonel, the governor of the State, who has heretofore strongly recommended Captain Dickinson's promotion, tells me that he can have command of all the State forces in that section of the State. A deputation of citizens of Southern Florida called on me a few days since on other business, but in the course of conversation assured me that Captain Dickinson has the entire confidence of the people and that his promotion and assignment to command in that section of the State, of course under the district commander, would give great satisfaction and confidence.

Very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 21, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: We are so greatlky in need of funds to pay the troops in this district and to meet the ordinary current expenses of the service, and mail communication with you and with Richmond so very precarious and uncertain, that I send a quartermaster, Major Hamilton, directly to your headquarters for funds. Besides many other outstand-

