
to Monday, provided the weather does not charge. You should push matters now that weather is fair, and better leave behind those who are not ready, as do what you may some will not be ready. You cannot count on crossing Salkehatchie till you are in Barnwell District, nor is it advisable. Your right flank should aim for Midway and Columbia.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TEN., Numbers 3. Beaufort, S. C., January 28, 1865.

I. Major C. J. Stolbrand, Second Regiment Illinois Light Artillery Volunteers, is at his own request relieved from further duty as Chief of Artillery, Fifteenth Army Corps, and his term of service (three years in present grade) having expired he will forthwith proceed to Springfield, Ill., to arrange and close his business with the Government, preparatory to muster out of the service. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

VI. Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ross., First Michigan Light Artillery, is relieved from further duty at these headquarters, and assigned as Chief of Artillery, Fifteenth Army Corps, vice Major Stolbrand relieved, and will forthwith report to Major General John A. Logan, commanding corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 25. Near Pocotaligo, S. C., January 28, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The following preliminary movements will take place to-morrow:

1. The division of General Giles A. Smith will move toward the road which runs along the west bank of the Salkehatchie and encamp preparatory to a forward movement on that road Monday morning. All wagons of the Seventeenth Corps will be so moved and parked as to leave the road from Pocotaligo by McPhersonville clear for the Fifteenth Army Corps by 9 a.m. Monday. The bridge train will move to-morrow, following General Giles A. Smith, and encamp in rear of him.

2. Movement for Monday: The Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair, will commence the forward movement by 7 a.m., ascending the Salkehatchie on the west bank, making if possible fifteen miles from Pocotaligo. The Fifteenth Corps, Major General J. A. Logan, will move forward to Hewardsville, moving General John E. Smith's division by the Ridge road between the Pocotaligo and the Tullifinny, if practicable. Department headquarters will follow the leading division of the Seventeenth Army Corps. Whenever it is practicable corps commanders will subdivide their columns, moving on parallel roads, particularly when not in the presence of a large force; and after the leading division on a road has taken up a strong position for the night the succeeding divisions need not close up to nearer than two miles.

10 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

