
Colonel Jackson enforce it, and put him in irons if necessary. Load everything else on the cars and remove it to the rear at once, on account of the advances from Goldsborough.

ARCHER ANDERSON.

EN ROUTE, March 22, 1865-3 p. m.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I have McLaws on the road which I learn from Captain Feilden you intended the troops to take. Taliaferro on this wretched road, which I have been working on and pulling wagons through all the morning. If you have no objections I will continued with the wagons on this road and take Taliaferro's division with me. If you approve, please order McLaws forward from his present position at such time as you may judge fit. The road I am on is the road you traveled from Smithfield to Bentonville.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

The wagons on this road must go forward, as they can't be turned back.

W. J. H.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 22, 1865-3 p. m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE, Smithfield, N. C.:

I know nothing positive, but report says railroad stock and sick were saved.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MARCH 22, 1865.

Major-General McLAWS, or

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

SIRS: The command under General Schofield, consisting of a part of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Corps, are crossing the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge, about ten miles above Goldsborough (coming to the east side). Two divisions of negroes are already over. We caught fifteen prisoners this morning and turned them over to Captain D. A. Cogdell, of the Sixty-seventh North Carolina, and I will send this by him. I will still remain here and do my duty.

T. M. PAYSINGER,

Sergeant of Scouts.

HANNAH'S CREEK, March 22, 1865-7. 25 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GEENRAL: The new bridge over Mill Creek was not destroyed by the infantry, and it would not burn. General Wheeler threw off the flooring and did all he could to destroy it, but he says it can easily be repaired, and I suppose infantry can cross. The Infantry did not cross till sunrise, and the enemy pressed Wheeler up to the bridge. I am preparing the bride for burning.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

