
KENNEDY'S CROSS-ROADS, March 22, 1865.

Colonel J. B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since receiving your dispatch I sent a scout toward Cox's Bridge, which met the enemy about one mile and a half on this side and fired into them. It was his advance guard. My scouts also report the enemy's cavalry flanking me on my left. If this be true I cannot hold the bridges in my front. When I am forced to fall back on the two main roads leading from Goldsborough to Smithfield, keeping flankers to my left and on the river road.

T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Colonel, Commanding.

WILSON, March 22, 1865.

Colonel J. B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I evacuated Goldsborough at 4 p. m. yesterday; reached here at 11 o'clock to-day. Large Yankee force in Goldsborough. I left after enemy entered town. Everything was destroyed that could not be brought off. I will write you full particulars when I reach Tarborough to-morrow.

S. D. POOL,

Colonel, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding North Carolina Reserves, Raleigh, N. C.:

Your action in regard to the Reserves is approved.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 22, 1865-7. 10 p. m.

Captain C. F. VANDERFORD,

Ordnance Officer, Smithfield:

Dispatch received 7 p. m. Captain Robinson has been ordered to send you the rolling-stock called for. He reports that a train came from Smithfield to day only partially loaded. Please have the correction made. Have trains properly loaded. Prisoners might be placed upon the tops of the cars.

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, N. C., March 23, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

Sherman's whole army being intrenched in our front on morning of the 20th we did not attack, but held our position to cover removal of wounded and occupy enemy. There was heavy skirmishing 20th and 21st, and several partial attacks by him handsomely repulsed. Troops of Tennessee army have fully disproved slanders that have been pub-

