
ATKINSON'S HOUSE, March 23, 1865-5 p. m.

Major General J. WHEELER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 2. 40 p. m., and to inform you that his headquarers will be at this house, which is on the river road, about half a mile above Moccasin Swamp. He desires you to-morrow morning to get on the left flank and front of the enemy, who is moving toward Goldsborough, and to forward all information of the enemy's movements direct to General Johnston, at or near Smithfield, as well as to General Hampton, who will be upon this road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 23, 1865-5. 10 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Captain Shannon has just sent in some twenty-five prisoners. Some belonging to the Seventeenth Corps state that they were marching from Cox's Bridge this morning toward Goldsborough, and that the understanding was they would stay in Goldsborough one month. One of the prisoners belongs to Terry's Twenty-fourth Corps. He states that General Terry is commanidng his own and the Twenty-fifth Corps. He also says General Sheridan was at General Sherman's headquarters this morning, and would have his cavalry command in three days.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

N. B. -Prisoners say they understood that Sheridan would advance with the cavalry at once.

MARCH 23, 1865-9 a. m.

Colonel SMITH, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Scouts from my detachment just returned report the enemy's cavalry crossing at Cox's Bridge (nine miles below here) last night and this a. m. Those that crossed last night moved toward Goldsborough. When scouts left there was a column marching out from river. Had not reached this road. Not advised whether they turned up or down the river.

Very respectfully.

WM. BLACK,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

NEAR MOCCASIN RUN,

March 23, 1865-9. 15 a. m.

[Major-General McCLELLAN:]

MAJOR: The head of my column is at Moccasin Run. I have scouting parties on the right to the Neuse, examining the roads and crossings of the river, and on the left for the purpose of communicating with Colonel Lipscomb, who I learn is on the middle or stage road, four miles to the left of this. My scouts met a small force of enemy, whom they think belonged to Schofield, near Mr. William Atkinson's, several miles this side of Cox's Bridge. Part of Sherman's force encamped last

