
interval for each. The corps commanders will deviate from this whenever the presence of a large force or other apparent necessity may require it. Particular pains will be taken to organize foraging parties for each brigade, battery, headquarters, and detachment, not to exceed in numbers an absolute necessity. A more uniform system of distribution of forage and rations than was had during the last campaign must be secured, and every possible economy in the issue of hard bread is demanded. The Engineer Regiment, after reaching Garden's Corners, will take right-hand road and will follow the Seventeenth Corps. The bridge train will be kept with the Seventeenth Corps for the present.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

JOS. A. SLADEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Garden's Corps, S. C., January 28, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as on the staff of the Major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel L. E. Yorke, assistant inspector-general and Chief of staff; Major Max Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel L. Fort, Chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Carpenter, Chief commissary of subsistence; Major R. Nichols, medical director; Major J. M. Woodworth, medical inspector; Major F. C. Gillette, provost-marshal; Captain J. S. Hoover, senior aide-de-camp; Captain William B. Pratt, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant L. B. Mitchell, acting aide-de-camp; Major A. C. Perry, acting aide-de-camp; Captain F. F. Whitehead, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain H. Klostermann, Chief engineer.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Port Royal Ferry, January 28, 1865-3 p.m.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS:

I inclose a note just received from Colonel Remick, Chief commissary of subsistence of department. My reconnoitering party on the roads leading to Blair's landing reports that before a loaded train can be taken over it as much work will be necessary as has been done between this point and Beaufort. My own opinion coincides with Colonel Remick's, that my trains should be loaded at Beaufort, both on the score of economy of time and availability of roads, which are now perfectly serviceable for loaded trains from Beaufort to Garden's Corners. Not a moment shall be lost in loading the stores. Could anything be gained in already commencing the reprise of the roads beyond that point?

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

