
his command at 11 a.m. to-morrow to a point on the north side of the railroad on the road running along the west bank of the Salkehatchie River.

Major General Joseph A. Mower and Brigadier General M. F. Force will to-morrow cause their trains to be parked on the north side of the railroad and east side of the McPhersonville roads so as to leave the last-named road clear for the Fifteenth Corps on Monday morning.

Further directions for the movements of this command will be given to-morrow.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Pocotaligo, S. C., January 28, 1865.

I. The movement contemplated for Monday, the 30th instant, will commence to-morrow. This division will move at 1 p.m. Sunday, the 29th instant, about five miles on the road running parallel to and west of the Salkehatchie River.

II. Brigadier General W. W. Belknap, commanding Third Brigade, will have the advance. He will move up the Eleventh and Thirteenth [Iowa] Regiments in the forenoon. The Sixteenth [Iowa] has already been ordered to report in the morning.

III. Until further orders regimental and headquarters trains will follow their respective brigades, ambulances their regiments, and division headquarters train the headquarters train of the leading brigade; the pioneer train between the brigades; the supply train in the rear of the division; the First Minnesota Battery in advance of the rear regiment of the leading brigade.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

AD. WARE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo Depot, January 28, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Right [Left] Wing:

GENERAL: General Williams reports to me to-day from Purysburg that you have passed up the Savannah River to Sister's Ferry and therefore I infer you will be there, and that Davis can get out to Robertsville by Monday. On that day Howard will have the Fifteenth Corps at McPhersonville and the Seventeenth at a point north of the Salkehatchie bridge ready to start the moment you are ready. Remember that every day's delay taken away one day's rations from Howard, and, if possible, be all ready to start on Tuesday from Robertsville.

The Fifteenth Corps will keep along the east of Coosawhatchie, the Seventeenth along the Salkehatchie, and will cross it at Rivers' Bridge, in Barnwell District.

The order of march and general orders will be the same as on the Georgia march. Until we reach the Charleston and Augusta road I want the most rapid possible movement - Kilpatrick to keep to your

