
left front. Corse should cross to your rear to Hickory Hill and fall in with his corps there. Work hard to load your wagons, and report to me here to Pocotaligo Depot your readiness to move on Tuesday if possible. I think you can find two or more good roads and these will improve as we go north, unless the weather changes. It is very important that we hurry to our first point before Hood gets across and makes junction about Columbia.

If you are all ready on Tuesday you may act on the supposition that Howard is equally so.

Let Kilpatrick see this letter. I will shift over to see you, up about the edge of Barnwell District.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Purysburg, S. C., January 28, 1865.

Major DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Georgia:

MAJOR: In compliance with request of Major-General Slocum, I have the honor to report that two divisions of the Twentieth Corps on this side of the river have reached, with the head of the column, the crossing of Cypress Swamp, where a bridge about seventy-five feet long has been destroyed. This will be repaired to-day and we shall reach Sister's Ferry to-morrow. We find as yet nothing but scouting parties of the enemy. The roads are all obstructed by felled timber. The Fourteenth Corps night before last were twenty miles out from Savannah and getting along well. Geary's division of my corps is with it. General Slocum went up from this point on steamer to Sister's Ferry at daylight this morning. The roads require march repairing, but we shall get over them very well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, Saturday, January 28, 1865.

General WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of to-day is received. I inclose you an open letter,* which please read and forward to General Slocum. We are all well on this flank and anxious for you to get all things in shape for a fair start.

Truly, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See second, ante.

---------------

