
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 5. In the Field, Ga., January 28, 1865.

This command will move to-morrow at 6. 30 a.m. Order of brigades: Third, First, Second. Sloan's battery will march as usual behind the second brigade in line.

Colonel Mindil with his brigade will bring the trains through. The pioneer corps of the First Brigade will report to him for duty.

By command of Bvt. Major General John W. Geary:

W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Bradham's House, January 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The Major-general commanding directs me to say that he finds the road from this place to Sister's Ferry entirely impracticable, and that he has directed the First Division to push on as far as possible to-night toward Robertsville. it will get probably about four miles from here to-night. He desires that you will start your command at daylight to-morrow morning, following the First Division on the road to Robertsville, and push on as near that place as possible. The citizens here state that the river is again rising, and the direct road from here to Sister's Ferry is flooded. The general, therefore, desires to have you come on as rapidly as possible, so that in case the road between here and Purysburg should be flooded your command will not be cut off. he desires that you will have all of your wagons loaded at Purysburg before starting. The wagons we borrowed to move corps headquarters will be sent back to-night to Purysburg, where they can be loaded with supplies. Forage is scarce, and after leaving Purysburg you will have to feed light. The general wishes that you would have Lieutenant Harbert send by you a report of the subsistence stores left at Purysburg after your command is furnished and wagons loaded. You will leave on regiment behind to guard the surplus stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, S. C., January 28, 1865.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Yours of the 27th is received and I am pushing my efforts to secure a departure by Monday or Tuesday next. I have in person reconnoiter the country from Salkehatchie bridge to Coosawhatchie. The country is very low and swampy and impassable save by the roads marked on our maps. I have no doubt this whole belt of land once formed the sea coast with its sound islands and marsh, which by the progress seaward of the beach is left inland, but still possessing its character of sound islands, surrounded by fresh-water marsh. This is the first point of terra firma, and has better connections inland. As near as I can learn Gillisonville, on the south of Coosawhatchie, is a corresponding point of the mainland and Robertsville of course. There-

