
Be so kind as to direct General Hatch in his movements so that he may be able to carry out your wishes in case I may have to go to the northward to look after matters at the Combahee, Edisto, and Stono Rivers, and at Morris Island. He has already reported that he is to move to the Combahee, and I have made arrangements to supply his wants of wagons, scows, &amp;c.

General Schimmelfennig reports from the Northern District that the enemy are making continued preparations to take the field. Their force is still strong in his front, and some new troops have arrived. The enemy's working parties are discontinued on all the works except Castle Pinckney, where they are at work on the earth covering the scarp, at low water. The light guns have been moved from fort Sumter and apparently most of the light guns from John's and James Islands. The enemy exhibits nervousness, but not so much of a panic as existed after the fall of Savannah.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 28, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th instant relative to the movement of your command in accordance with instructions by you from Major-General Sherman. I have referred your letter to Major Thomas, Chief quartermaster with instructions to render you all the assistance necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Captain Hudson, aide-de-camp on the staff of Lieutenant-General Grant, arrived here this evening on the Fulton with dispatches for you, and that I forward him at once to you under the escort of Major Anderson. I also send you the paper of the 25th. Brigadier General Henry Price also arrived on the Fulton and is coming up to report to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C. January 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Major-general commanding to inclose to you a copy of a letter to Mr. T. C. Severance, assistant Treasury

