HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocataligo, January 29, 1865.

General McCALLUM,

Railroad Department, Savannah:

(In his absence, Colonel W. W. Wright.)

GENERAL: I have well reconnoitered the country hereabouts, and am satisfied that it is not to our interest to reconstruct, at this time, any of the railroads out of Savannah. After securing all the property there, I wish you to transfer your men and told to North Carolina-New Berne, unless Wilmington should fall into our possession-and prepare to make railroad communication to Goldsborough by the middle of March. You need not build the bridge over Port Royal, which I requested of you at Savannah; that can be done by Foster's command. General Grant advises me of heavy re-enforcements being sent to North Carolina. You may, therefore, at once, transport Colonel Wright and his operatives to New Berne, or Wilmington, if that place be in our possession, and prepare timber, irons, cars and locomotives adapted to the road of North Carolina, enough to build out to Goldsborough, when you can get possession of the road. Let Colonel Wright report to General Schofield, or other commanding officer he may find, who, on presenting this letter, will furnish all aid. General Easton will furnish the necessary transportation.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQR. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Pocotaligo, S. C., Numbers 23. January 29, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Henry Price, U. S. Volunteers, having reported pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 327, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, series 1864, will report to Major General J. G. Foster, commanding Department of the south, for special assignment to duty.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Pocotaligo, January 29, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: General John E. Smith made a reconnaissance to McPhersonville to-day; reports a good road from his camp to that place. McPhersonville is deserted. Heard of two or three scouting parties, but no force. I have received your message by Colonel Strong, and will arrest the movement to-morrow night, as you desire, and not push forward farther till ordered. To-morrow's move, if we should not push farther, might convey the idea of turning on Charleston, particularly if I seek a good point for crossing the Salkehatchie, and act as if intending to throw a bridge.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

