HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Pocotaligo, S. C, January 29, 1865.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Captain Cadle, of General Blair's staff, informed me that everything belonging to the Seventeenth Corps would be out of the way to-day, so I will be glad if you will start your leading division as early as 6 a.m., so as to reach Pocotaligo Station by 8 o'clock. I will inform General Sherman that he may have his headquarters enter your column wherever you or he may wish. I am sorry that Clark has not closed up. He probably will be able to do so in the morning. If you find if practicable you can push your column as far beyond Heywardsville as you can, communicating with me from that place by any cross-roads leading to the river. I will draw up an order for Tuesday so soon as I can learn the place of your halting. I shall look to you, general, daily for any information of the whereabouts or intentions of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, Six Miles from Pocotaligo, S. C., January 29, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN E. SMITH,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this point with my brigade at 6. 30 p.m. this day. Under Major-General Logan's directions I encamped here with instructions to move at 5. 30 a.m. to-morrow to join the division. I received this morning for my brigade ninety-eight recruits assigned to Forty-eighth Indiana Infantry, only about ten of whom are armed with muskets left by sick men sent to Beaufort under existing orders. I expect to reach the command by 8 o'clock or 8. 30 to-morrow morning. Your quartermaster, Captain Skinner, has doubtless already informed you of the difficulties in the way of my arriving before with my command. Colonel Tourtellotte, of Fourth Minnesota, has been left in charge of all transportation, detachments, &amp;c., belonging to this corps, with instructions to come up at the earliest possible moment. From all the information I could obtain he will be able to-morrow morning and, by a forced march, join us to-morrow night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Springfield, Ga., January 29, 1865.

Colonel R. N. ADAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

You will move your command into Springfield to-morrow, starting at 7 a.m. prompt. You will make a detail from your brigade sufficient to carry all your spades and axes and prepare the road as you march. Colonel Hurlbut will make a similar detail and prepare the roads as much as

