
possible and keep out of your way. It is desirable that you complete the road for the passage of the trains. The battery and your own train to accompany you, the former in position in rear of your first regiment. The working detail will have their knapsacks carried in the wagons from which the tools were taken. Upon arriving at Springfield you will halt until the remainder of the division shall have passed, when you will take position in rear and follow the First Brigade, the battery being transferred to the same. After leaving Springfield the trains will move the same as to-day, brigade trains in the order of their respective brigades, &amp;c.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Springfield, Ga., January 29, 1865.

Colonel F. J. HURLBUT,

Commanding Third Brigade, in the Field:

You will move your command into the village of Springfield, starting at 6 a.m. to-morrow, the 30th instant. Before starting you will make a detail from your command, sufficient to use all your spades and axes, who will prepare the road sufficient for the passage of your own command and its trains, and, in fact, preparing the roads as well as you can, and keep out of the way of the troops to follow. The men detailed to prepare roads will have their knapsacks deposited in the wagons from which the tools are taken, as much delay is occasioned by the men having to unsling them at every halt for work. Upon arriving at Springfield you will halt your command and wait until the remainder of the division has passed, when you will take your position in rear of the column during the remainder of the day.

By order of Bvt. Major General Joh M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Pocotaligo, S. C., January 29, 1865.

* * * * *

XII. The following are the orders for to-morrow:

1. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move forward at 8 a.m. on the road designated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 25, extract II, from department headquarters.

2. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move his command at 7 a.m. out on the road taken by him in his demonstrations against the Salkehatchie River, taking care to keep to the right so as not to interfere with the Fifteenth Corps.

3. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division.

4. The pontoon train now encamped near the Fourth Division will follow the fourth Division.

5. The train of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will follow the train of the First Division.

