
The train of department headquarters and of these headquarters will move after the advance brigade of the First Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 22. Pocotaligo, S. C., January 29, 1865.

* * * * *

VIII. This command will march to-morrow in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, Battery Fifteenth Ohio; third, First Brigade.

Two ammunition wagons will follow immediately in rear of troops of each brigade. Ambulances for brigades following in rear of same. Division, brigade, and regimental wagons will follow the ambulances of the rear brigade. The hospital train (six wagons) will follow regimental wagons. The ordnance trains will follow the hospital trains. The supply trains will follow the ordnance train. The pioneer corps with its tool-teams will habitually precede the command. The other pioneer wagons, Twentieth Illinois wagons, and ambulance wagon will follow immediately in rear of division headquarters train.

This order of march for trains will be observed during the campaign unless otherwise ordered.

The hour of starting will be indicated hereafter.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP FOURTH DIVISION,

Five Miles from Pocotaligo, January 29, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am encamped about four miles from the railroad where the road forks, the left-hand one going to McPhersonville, and the other along the Salkehatchie River. The proper route for the First and Third Divisions is the road General Mower took the day he came out here to cross the river. We are now where he made some rail barricades at or near the forks of the road. A citizen here says that will not interfere with the column on the McPhersonville road. The road we came on is badly cut up and is two miles farther. The road General Mower came out comes into this about one mile back. The enemy are reported by the negroes to be intrenching at Kadesh Church, six miles from here, but from what I learn about the country around here it can be approached from any direction. According to a very reliable-looking white man who lives here McPhersonville is only three miles from here, and it is the same distance from the station where the other divisions are encamped. This point is five miles from the station the way General Mower came, and about seven the way we came. I shall send this the road we came up, as I do not consider the other safe for single horsemen. Colonel Hibbets just informed me that the works I spoke of were

11 R R-VOL XLIVII, PT II

