
with him. Grant told me to write to you and say to you that since your last letter was written to me some considerable changes have taken place in the programme. Schofield's corps comes to the Department of the South, and one division of it is to be left here with me, so when you have anything for me to do you may calculate upon my being somewhat stronger than we are now here. You will probably hear from General Grant very soon. I think he went only as far as Wilmington. I hope and believe that we will be in good condition here to help the cause. When you get Charleston can't you write me to come and see the town before it is burned up?

Sincerely, yours,

I. N. PALMER.

WASHINGTON, January 29, 1865-12. 50 p.m.

Major-General GILLMORE:

(Care of D. Van Nostrand, 192 Broadway, New York.)

When will you be ready for assignment to a command?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BROOKLYN, N. Y., January 29, 1865.

(Received 6. 20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch is received. I am ready for assignment to command now. I write by this mail.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

SAVANNAH, January 30, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Military Department of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you an official copy of the proceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Savannah held on the 25th instant. They so fully explain themselves that it would be tautology in me to add anything more, a hearty participant as I was in them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. D. ARNOLD,

Mayor of Savannah.

[Inclosure.]

Proceedings of a public meeting held in the Council Chamber, Savannah, January 25, 1865.

In response to a call in pursuance to the following resolution of the city council, viz-

Resolved, That his honor Mayor Arnold be requested to convene a meeting of our citizens at the Exchange at 12 o'clock on the 25th instant, for the purpose of giving expression to their heartfelt thanks to the citizens of New York and Boston for the very large, valuable, and timely contributions of provisions and other necessaries of

