
life which have been received and are now on their way to this city, and that his honor to mayor invite the several committees from New York and Boston, including the owners and the commander of the Rebecca Clyde, with Captain Veale, of General Geary's staff, and Lieutenant Charlot, U. S. Army, all of whom have co-operated with us in the good work, to attend the meeting-

A large meeting of the citizens met this day at the Exchange. On motion of Mr. H. Brigham, his honor Mayor Arnold was called to the chair, and Mr. John Gammell was requested to act as secretary. The mayor on taking the chair made the following remarks:

FELLOW-CITIZENS: For the second time since the capture of our city it has been my duty to summon you to meet together in public assembly. The occasion which brings you together to-day is one which will be ever remarkable, even in the annals of the last few weeks, so pregnant as they have been with events which make epochs in history, and which almost condense a lifetime in a day. A brief review of the circumstances under which we were placed will be necessary for a clearer understanding of our present condition. The capture of Savannah on the 21st of December, 1864, produced greater alterations in our condition than mere military possession and military government. The Confederate currency, already inflated to an almost nominal value, was still the medium of exchange while Savannah was in the Confederacy, but the moment the United States regained Savannah Confederate money was literally not worth the paper on which it was printed, and all, all of us, individuals and the city government, were reduced to a dead level of poverty. Cut off from all communication with the external world, with no means to purchase provisions and no provisions to purchase, I did not exaggerate your condition in my opening remarks on the 28th of December. The want of fuel was supplied as far as practicable by the direction of the noble Geary, and I am happy to state that at the earliest practicable period his successor, Major-General Grover, will take measures to furnish wood to our inhabitants. The statements made at the meeting of the citizens, and the observations of eye-witnesses from the North, struck a sympatric cord in the breasts of many generous citizens of New York and Boston, and recollecting the time-honored adage, bis dat qui cito dat (he gives doubly who give quickly), in the shortest possible time, and at the most inclement season of the year, behold the noble steam-ships wending their way southward freighted with provisions, accompanied by the committees, whose whole-souled philanthropy has been their only guide. These ships, this acceptable freight, these philanthropic gentlemen of the committees of New York and Boston are here, and it is to give you an opportunity of expressing your heartfelt gratitude that you have me together this day. I do not envy the man who is not willing to join heartily and sincerely in this expression of feeling, but I do not believe there is any such within the sound of my voice. I hope that this day will prove that the citizens of Savannah justly appreciate the generosity of New York and Boston, and that they will further show that they look upon the action as the olive branch of peace, and that they will meet it on their part by the fairest, frankest acceptance of it as such. Such, from what I have seen, I believe to be the prevalent sentiment of our people. Was stirs up the very foundations of society. We are now in the midst of jarring elements, but a ray of light is dawning. We may expect that it will lead to a more perfect day, and we must in the meantime endeavor to profit by the words of Saint Paul: "Tribulation worketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope. "

He then introduced to the meeting the following gentlemen: Messrs. Archibald Baxter, C. H. P. Babcock, Frank Lathrop, representatives of the city of New York; Messrs. H. O. Briggs, W. H. Baldwin, H. D. Hyde, representatives of the city of Boston; Mr. L. E. Crittenden, one of the owners of the steamer Rebecca Clyde; Mr. John M. Glidden, one of the owners of the steamer Greyhound; Captain Veale, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Charlot, U. S. Army, acting with the relief committee on part of the military authorities.

On motion, the chair appointed the following committee of thirteen gentlemen to report resolutions, viz: Wally Woodbridge, N. B. Knapp, T. R. Mills, William Hunter, G. W. Wally, E. Padelford, A. Champion, A. A. Solomons, John McMahon, Isaac Cohen, T. J. Walsh, John R. Wilder, H. A. Crane.

During the absence of the committee, by invitirman, the meeting was eloquently and appropriately addressed by the following gentlemen, viz: Messrs. Baxter, Crittenden, Briggs, Baldwin, and

