
Hyde, and Captain Veale, U. S. Army. The committee having returned, reported, through their chairman, Wally Woodbridge, esq., the following resolutions, which were unanimously adopted:

The spontaneous and unsolicited liberality and benevolence of the citizens of New York and Boston, in raising contributions and purchasing and forwarding provisions for the use of the destitute of the city of Savannah, call for no ordinary expression on the part of its citizens. Deprived for years of all external trade, but off from the commercial world by a rigid blockade, the resources of the town were gradually wasted away, until we had reached the point of almost positive starvation when the occupation by the army of General Sherman took place. This transition state of society complicates our situation. The military power must obtain, so long as any portion of the Southern States maintain an armed resistance to the Union. Civil government cannot be established nor the channels of ordinary intercourse be opened. While this lasts the people are comparatively helpless. Such is the situation of Savannah, and such, in succession, will be the condition of the various portions of the country as they again fall into possession of the National Government. The hand of sympathy and fellowship so generously extended to us by the citizens of New York and Boston, affords the most gratifying evidence that a large portion of our Northern fellow-citizens are desirous of re-establishing the amicable relations which formerly existed between the various sections of our widespread Republic, and ought to carry conviction to every unprejudiced mind that there is but one course to pursue, and that is to aim at a speedy termination of the unfortunate strife which has been devastating the country for nearly four years. Having appealed to arms to decide the question, the weaker party in such a contest much abide the issue of events and cannot dictate terms. But the proclamation of President Lincoln has pointed out the only was in which the United States, with their unexhausted and inexhaustible materials of war, will consent to peace, and one of the largest meetings every held in this city, on the 28th of December, placed the people of Savannah in the category presented by the Chief Magistrate. The meeting called to-day to convey the thanks of our citizens to the generous donors of the provisions which are to be distributed gratuitously to the needy is the direct fruit of this action, dictated as it was by the reasonable hope of retrieving the mistakes of the past and re-establishing as far as possible the prosperity which once blessed our land. Whatever may be the action of the United States Government in the future, this meeting has to-day to perform to the citizens of New York and Boston in giving expression to the sentiment of the town in relation to the munificent bounty of which it is the grateful recipient. The city is in the same condition as it was when the meeting of the 28th of December was held. The great difficulty is in the fact that the people are without remunerative industrial occupation, which the early opening of our port would speedily relieve. Let us hope that this may be remedied in reasonable time. Meanwhile the contributions of our generous donors are literally a Godsend, for, as the scanty resources of living which were in the city when captured have been gradually consumed, literal starvation started us in the face. We are now relieved from any immediate fear of this calamity, and have at least respite until the present chaotic elements of our situation shall subside into order. Be it, therefore,

Resolved, That the citizens of Savannah tender their heartfelt gratitude to the Chamber of Commerce of New York, to the New York Commercial Association of the Produce Exchange, and all the liberal citizens of the city of New York, who contributed means to purchase provisions, and also to the New York and Washington Steamship Company, which so generously placed the steam-ship Rebecca Clyde at the service of the committee for the transportation of the provisions hither.

Resolved, That the same acknowledgment is due to the citizens of Boston for their prompt and liberal action in raising contributions and sending out provisions for the relief of our citizens, and also to the owners of the steam-ship Greyhound for their generosity in furnishing transportation for the provisions; and that the place of their meeting in Feneuil Hall, the cradle of American Liberty in the days of our common struggle for independence, was an appropriate one for the renewal of those ties which then bound Massachusetts and Georgia in a common bond. The eloquent and touching letter of the Boston Relief Committee to an unfortunate people is treasured for the children of many a family.

Resolved, That these expressions are not along an offering from those whose necessities may induce them to accept the bounty so liberally bestowed, but are the wide utterance of a grateful community.

Resolved, That the thanks of the citizens of Savannah are eminently due, and are hereby gratefully returned, to Colonel Julian Allen, of New York, for his kindness in offering to advance the funds and to make purchases for the corporate authorities of the city of Savannah, until he could be reimbursed by shipments of rice, and also

