
for his philanthropic exertions in bringing to the notice of the citizens of New York and Boston the destitute condition of our people, of which he became personally cognizant while us.

Resolved, That our most cordial thanks are due, and are hereby returned, to Messrs. Archibald Baxter, H. P. Babcock, and Frank Lathrop, the committee on the part of the New York contributors, and to Mr. L. E. Crittenden, and the other owners of the Rebecca Clyde; and to Messrs. H. O. Briggs, W. H. Baldwin, and Henry D. Hyde, committee on the part of the citizens of Boston, who at this inclement season of the year have sacrificed the comforts of home and braved the privations of a winter voyage to fulfill their mission of mercy, and also to Mr. Glidden, and the other owners of the steamer Greyhound, for her gratuitous use in conveying the provisions.

Resolved, That the citizens of Savannah heard with profound regret of the death of the Honorable Edward Everett. His name and fame are the common pride of the country, but the city of Savannah will claim to hold in especial remembrance the fact that the last public act of his life was in behalf of her suffering people, and under circumstances which evinced that the kindness of his heart was not even exceeded by the brilliancy of his intellect. They knew he was great, they fell he was good.

On motion of Mr. A. Wilbur, the following resolution was adopted:

Resolved, That special copies of the proceedings of this meeting be forwarded to his honor the mayor; to the President of the United States; the president of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York; the president of the Produce Exchange of New York; to General W. T. Sherman; to Albert G. Browne, esq., Treasury agent; to Colonel Julian Allen, of New York; to his honor to mayor of the city of Boston, and the president of the Board of Trade of Boston.

On motion the meeting adjourned.

R. D. ARNOLD,

Mayor of Savannah.

JOHN GAMMELL,

Secretary.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TENNESSEE,January 30, 1865-11 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: My headquarters are out five miles from yours I find the road excellent, for the most part high and sandy, very much like the road you traveled from Millen to Station Numbers 2. The road was obstructed about a mile ahead, and about four miles farther on the milldam (McTier's) was cut and the road said to be flooded. Just in my rear is the cross-roads to McPhersonville. We have picked up about forty head of cattle; scarcely any forage, however. General Blair's corps is now going into camp.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that a party of rebels, some twenty in number, have been seen on the road between this place and Pocotaligo or Salkehatchie. One man was fired upon and his horse

