
shot, and I fear an ambulance captured. If you send me any dispatches please send them well escorted. I shall patrol and picket well to the rear.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Logan has gone into camp, his head of column being in McPhersonville. General Blair's escort in reconnoitering the country came upon some forty rebels at Tennant's Branch, drove them off and crossed the creek. The report I made to you concerning the breaking of the dam was a mistake. The rebels made an attempt to break it but failed. The rebels are reported in force at Broxton's Bridge (the next this side of Rivers' Post-Office Bridge), with some works beyond the Salkehatchie. Inclosed please find the Charleston Mercury for January 23, 1865.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general-in-Chief desires me to say that he is waiting anxiously to hear from Major-General Slocum, in order that he may know that all is ready all is ready, and will then makes orders for moving. General Slocum has orders to report his readiness. The general wishes you to hold your command in readiness and prepared to reach Hickory Hill Post-Office the next march; also to have General Blair reconnoiter, with a view of learning if there be a practicable road for communication and marching from McPhersonville to Robertsville. There are a lot of recruits, &amp;c., here that will report to you to-night or in the morning. The general says if you have arms you may put them to duty, but if not and cannot make good use of them, you may return them to Beaufort if you wish. The general does not wish you to move beyond your present position until all are ready and orders made.

I am, general, with respect, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pocotaligo, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Captain SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find recommendation concerning Captain Bedford. I like your General Orders, Numbers 5, except the last paragraph, to which I am afraid the War Department will make some objections.

