
It would have been better to have stopped with the word absence. I have, however, such confidence in you, captain, as to believe you will in no case exceed the authority necessary to the public service. I have recommended Captain Befort to be mustered out of service, because he did not come straight to me, and I understand has intimated his wish to leave the service sooner than come in the field. From what I have heard, I presume General Meagher will be down with about 8,000 men belonging to our Army. Please consult with General Foster as to a place for encamping them, and hold them ready to join me at the first opportunity. Ask General Meagher to look particularly as to completeness in equipment, discipline, and drill. Please write me a note whenever you send any papers, communicating with me freely and confidentially as you choose.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pocotaligo, S. C., January 29, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend that Captain Wimer Bedford, assistant adjutant-general, be mustered out of the U. S. service. Captain Bedford has done his duty well, but now, I understand, prefers some other than field service. There is no necessity for his services in my adjutant's office, except in the field.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 7. In the Field, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Corps commanders will issue stringent orders with reference to foraging during the campaign, a copy of which will be sent to these headquarters, limiting the number of foragers and reporting daily the name of the officer in charge of the foraging party of each brigade, who will be held strictly accountable for all abuses of his authority or improper conduct of the men under his command. All firing by foraging parties other than that against the enemy must be prohibited, as it would be impossible to determine whether it was occasioned by skirmishing with the enemy or the shooting of hogs, cattle, &amp;c.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: A man just reports that the rebels are on our road in the rear near the forks of the road leading to McPhersonville; they cap-

