
to cross at that point. This citizen is now under the impression they will cross at this bridge and attempt to hold it. They had two pieces of Artillery with them, but it was sent away some days ago. He has not heard of any infantry on this side of the river; thinks Wheeler is over to our front and left. He says they all talked as though they expected us to cross the river and attack Charleston. A small bridge across the creek was burned, but will be repaired before morning. We have two regiments out there to hold the position. The general sent two regiments to make a demonstration at the river, but we have not received any report from them yet.

A. HICKENLOOPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Blair directs that you picket well down the road leading to the Salkehatchie River, a short distance beyond your camp. About twenty rebels are lurking round the forks of that road and you may be able to catch some of them in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 23. In the Field, S. C., January 30, 1865.

* * * * *

III. This command will move forward at --- o'clock to-morrow in the following order: First, First Brigade; second, Battery Fifteenth Ohio; third, Second Brigade; ambulances and trains in usual order.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. In the Field, January 30, 1865.

I. During the present campaign all orders regulating the march from Atlanta to Savannah, Ga., will remain in force. Foraging parties will be at once organized by brigade commanders, but greater precaution will be necessary for their safety. They will receive their instructions each morning from brigade commanders, to whom they must report on their return at night with their whole number of men. Rations will be issued in proportion to the amount brought in by the foragers.

II. The idea that the people of South Carolina are any different or any more hostile to our Government than those of any other State is, I have no doubt, by this time dispelled. We find here about the same class of people as in Georgia, and I am sure all good soldiers who have wives, sisters, and mothers at home will leave a fair share of provisions for their maintenance.

