
III. The firing of guns must at once be stopped. A general court-martial will be convened and will be called together nightly, or as often as necessary, and men found firing guns, straggling, entering houses, pillaging, or committing any other misdemeanors will be summarily punished. The importance of carefully husbanding our rations cannot be too strongly impressed upon the minds of all. Better to go a Little short all the time than be entirely without at the close. All orders issued on the march in which the troops are interested should be read, either at halts or, which is preferable, before starting on the morning after their reception.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

AD. WARE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Robertsville, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON:

The Major-general commanding the corps directs that you send at daylight to-morrow morning the whole of Colonel Selfridge's brigade to assist in repairing the road from the upper landing, on the Savannah River, to the bridge (along the river).

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, 1ST SEP. Brigadier, Numbers 2. Morris Island, S. C., January 30, 1865.

Brigadier-general commanding thanks Captain John A. Hennessy, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the officers and men of his command for their energetic and efficient service in Charleston Harbor during the past two months. The brigadier-general especially commends the bold and spirited enterprise of the night of January 19, by which rebel steamer was driven aground near Fort Sumter, in a position which enabled our batteries to destroy her.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain, 21st U. S. Colored Troops and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Savannah, Ga., January 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Major-general commanding to state that he desires the recruiting of negroes in this city to be vigorously pushed forward, and that you offer every facility to Brevet Brigadier-General Littlefield, general superintendent volunteer recruiting service of the department, in the establishment of recruiting offices here for

