
to seize both Raleigh and Wilmington. General Slocum has moved to-day from Pocotaligo with the Right Wing of his Army. The left Wing also marches to-day from the vicinity of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River. His army is as strong in every way and in as good spirits as when it left Savannah. He will move toward Columbia, turning Branchville, and cut all the railroad around about Columbia and Camden. He may or may not attack Branchville. After devastating the State as much as he intends he will strike for Goldsborough or Raleigh if you succeed in getting them. I hardly think he will come in at Wilmington, although circumstances may induce him to do so. He may also possibly touch sea coast at Georgetown before going into North Carolina. He will probably be at Goldsborough or in communication with you between the 5th and 15th of March. While he is moving in the interior I shall operate with all the movable force that I have along the coast in the form of demonstrations, and if the enemy are fools enough to leave any point unguarded we hope to be wise enough to profit by it. My force, however, is very small, only 15,000 effectives, nearly all of which is absorbed in garrisons. I can only move a small division of 3,000 men, under Brigadier-General Hatch, in his co operating movements along the coast. I send Major Anderson, of my staff, who will explain to you any details that I have omitted to write with respect to your movements, my own force, General Sherman's intended movements, and my own.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Department of the South.

BROOKLYN, N. Y., January 30, 1865.

(Received 10 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of yesterday came too late for reply by mail. I wished to say that the board I am on has nothing to do now, as Ames' guns will not be ready for some weeks. I would like to be relieved from it for more important duty.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 30, 1865-11. 50 a.m.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brooklyn, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Hilton Head and relieve General Foster in command of the Department of the South. General Foster has a leave of absence.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BROOKLYN, N. Y., January 30, 1865.

(Received 2. 46 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Your dispatch ordering me to the Department of the South is received.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

