
trees and other demonstrations he has succeeded in drawing the fire of a rebel battery, which will account for the occasional firing. General Logan finds his road badly obstructed. He has cleared out about five miles of it to-day. He finds a road leading to the left from Brailsfordville, but it is swampy and bad. A road to the left of General Blair's front has a bridge destroyed. I have concluded to keep the detachment of recruits, mostly for Kilpatrick, though but few of them have arms. I will use them for fatigue duty, clearing away obstructions, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 8. In the Field, S. C., January 31, 1865.

General Orders, Numbers 4, dated from headquarters at Beaufort, S. C., January 24, 1865, was issued under a misapprehension of the wishes of the commanding general. While he entertains a high regard for the young men to whom the medals of honor are awarded, and believes they deserve substantial reward, yet, as there is no established method of extending the same principal of distribution from his own headquarters to the entire Army, the said order is suspended until the matter has been further considered.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 27. In the Field, January 31, 1865.

I. The following will be the other of march to-morrow, commencing at 7 a.m.: The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General J. A. Logan commanding, will march to Hickory Hill Post-Office, the head of his column reaching to the instruction of the road leading to Whippy Swamp Post-Office. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move along the Salkehatchie road, crossing Whippy Swamp with at least one division. The wagon trains of these headquarters will follow the leading division of General Blair's corps. The bridge train will follow the division second in column of General Blair's corps. In case anything should interrupt communication with Major-General Logan's command, he will endeavor to reach Angley's Post-Office in the next day's march, to which there are two routes open to him, one by the way of Whippy Swamp Post-Office and the Whippy swamp road, the other by the Coosawhatchie Swamp road and the road leading from Duck Branch Post-Office to Angley's Post-Office.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. WAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 22. McPhersonville, S. C., January 31, 1865.

* * * * * *

V. The march will be resumed by this division in the direction of Hickory Hill Post-Office at 7 a.m. to-morrow, February 1, the Second

