HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pocotaligo, January 31, 1865-9 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Sister's Ferry:

Howard moves Wednesday morning via Hickory Hill and Rivers' Bridge. Communicate with me at Hickory Hill and follow as rapidly as possible by the old Orangeburg road, by Lawtonville, Duck Branch Post-Office, and Buford's Bridge. Let Kilpatrick's cavalry keep on your left front. I have not heard of your crossing the Savannah yet, but negroes report you pushing the enemy through Lawtonville. Make the most possible of this fine weather.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Robertsville, S. C., January 31, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: My command, excepting Geary's division with the Fourteenth Corps, arrived at this place day before yesterday. Your dispatch was received the same night, and by much effort I got it through to General Slocum, who happened to be at the bluff on the river five miles below. I found the road from this to the river under water from one to three feet deep for one mile and a half, with four bridges gone. The point where the road from the Georgia side reaches the river is about three miles below the point where the road from this side strikes the river, and from that down the road is through low ground, now overflowed the whole distance, and for three-eighths of a mile at least four to six feet deep. The pontoon bridge is laid below, and parties on both ends are at work on the road. It cannot be made passable, in the opinion of General Slocum, within four days. The river is under a second freshet, which has been very high, but is subsiding. I was at General Slocum's headquarters yesterday. All the troops had reached the high ground on the south side of the river in good condition, and the transports were up with abundant supplies.

I found a portion of Wheeler's cavalry here, but drove them out without difficulty. Prisoners and deserters report that he has three divisions near us, above, with his headquarters at Lawtonville. I attempted to communicate with you on Sunday, but my messenger could not get through.

This dispatch is sent at the instance of General Slocum.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Robertsville, S. C., January 31, 1865.

The indiscriminate pillage of houses is disgraceful and demoralizing to this Army. The houses in this vicinity, of free negroes even, have been stripped of the necessary bedclothes and of family apparel. Brigade commanders will at once take measures to put a stop to these

