
side of the river the marsh extended for a mile and three-quarters, which will have to be corduroyed. This General Slocum expected to accomplish to-day, and hoped to be able to cross General Kilpatrick's cavalry to the north side to-morrow (February 1). He had communicated with General Williams on the 30th instant in the direction of Robertsville, and obtained the report that the enemy was in slight force in that direction, only small bodies of Wheeler's cavalry being encountered. General Slocum had encountered on the south side of the river only Iverson's brigade of cavalry. General Slocum proposed to advance to-morrow, Kilpatrick's cavalry leading, provided the causeway on the north side of the marsh could be completed in time. I learned that the supplies were reaching Sister's Ferry, but, owing to bad management somewhere, rather slowly. General Easton complains that it is owing to his lack of boats. I immediately sent the Neushon, and also gave him the Golden Gate, although at serious inconvenience. Brevet Major Gouraud has jut returned from North Carolina. He met Generals Grant, Schofield, and Rawlins at Morehead City. None of General Schofield's corps had yet arrived. Several hundred of the construction corps had arrived. I shall also, in obedience to your orders, send forward the construction corps from here immediately. I will also carry out your directions with regard to demonstrations as completely as possible. I do not propose to withdraw any of General Hatch's command at present, but to send the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers and a few hundred men from this place under General Potter to do all he can in demonstrations toward the railroad, and also, finally, to advance on James Island. I send also a paper of the 26th instant, one of the latest received. General Hatch will give any details I may have omitted to write.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 31, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to present for your consideration the orders and instructions received from the War Department with respect to the colored recruiting rendezvous in this department, and to ask respectfully that you may change paragraph 5, Special Field Orders, Numbers 15, current series, &c., so as to leave the duties of enlistments and organization of negro troops as they were established by the above orders and instructions. The reasons for the above are as follows:

First. The orders from the War Department, copies of which are inclosed, from Nos. 1 to 6,* show that Brevet Brigadier-General Littlefield is regularly appointed as general superintendent of volunteer recruiting service for this department, and has his rendezvous established at Hilton Head, in accordance with above orders from the War Department.

Second. That by said orders and by the letter of Major-General Halleck, of December 21, 1865, a copy of which is inclosed,* the power is

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

