HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Savannah, Ga., January 31, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Department of the South:

GENERAL: In order to carry out the orders of the War Department of December 29, 1864, a copy of which will be sent you from Hilton Head, I desire that you make arrangements to send beyond the lines the families of rebel officers and soldiers now in this city. You will actually commence to sent them as soon as you can make in convenient to do so and a proper understanding has been had as to where they may be delivered. I shall write to General Hardee and request his decision upon the latter point. I shall suggest to him some point on the Savannah River, near Sister's Ferry, or as high up as the boats can go with safety.

You will also make arrangements to send over the lines, whenever it becomes necessary, any person who by word or act displays a treasonable disposition or any intention to insult the officers, soldiers, or the Government of the United States. I prefer in all cases, after making arrangements for sending parties beyond the lines, that before actually doing so you submit for my approval a list of all such persons, with the reasons for their being sent beyond the lines. These reasons should be stated in full, so that the papers and files of my office shall give a complete history of the whole transaction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., January 31, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Please inform me when General Schofield will leave Washington. I want to send his instructions to Fort Monroe by a staff officer to deliver them as the general passes.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 31, 1865-8. 30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

General Schofield will leave with first detachment from Alexandria. We shall attempt to open passage to-morrow. Will telegraph in time to have dispatches reach Schofield at Fort Monroe.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., January 31, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

I have requested by telegraph that for present purposes North Carolina be erected into a department, and that you be placed in command

