
would like to change him for a man who can get about and see for himself. Alexander H. Stephens. S. R. M. T. Hunter, and Judge Campbell are now at my headquarters very desirous of going to Washington to see Mr. Lincoln informally on the subject of peace. The peace feeling within the rebel lines in gaining ground rapidly. This, however, should not relax our energies in the least, but should stimulate us to greater activity. I have received your very kind letter* in which you say you would decline, or are opposed to, promotion. No one would be more pleased at your advancement than I, and if you should be placed in my position, and I put subordinate, it would not change our relations in the least. I would make the same exertions to support you that you have ever done to support me, and I would do all in my power to make our cause win.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 51. Washington, February 1, 1865.

* * * * * *

63. By direction of the President, Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Baylor, U. S. Army, is hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, from December 21, 1864.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, Hickory Hill, February 1, 1865-5 p.m.

General HOWARD:

Slocum is a Little behind. I don't want Logan to get farther to-morrow than the place marked "Store" near Duck Branch Post-Office. I want to make slow marches till Slocum gets up, or nearly so. Please make your orders accordingly.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Whippy Swamp, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch is just received. The road has been badly obstructed, but we cleared it out without difficulty till we came to Whippy Swamp Creek. The road here for a quarter of a mile was filled with felled trees and six bridges destroyed. The obstructions have been cleared, the bridges rebuilt, the swamp corduroyed in part, and one division (Mower's) on the other side with all its material.

I think if you were here and saw the country and the difficulties in clearing away the obstructions across Whippy Swamp, that [you]

---------------

*See January 21, p. 102.

---------------

