
wold prefer me to push on to Rivers' Bridge by this route. I expected General Logan would send two divisions via Whippy Swamp Post-Office and two by the lower route, all to meet at Angley's Post-Office, crossing Whippy Swamp at that place. I can push one division of the Seventeenth Corps by the route you suggest, and not be obliged to return; otherwise I shall have to march back some distance and take the other route.

I will inclose you a copy of my order of march as issued, and will send you an officer that you may modify my instructions and let me know.

Lieutenant Taylor was wounded in the skirmish to-day quite severely, but I think not dangerously. The enemy had about 600 cavalry in our front. They took the route to Whippy Swamp Post-office. We found some forty guarding the crossing here.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 28. In the Field, S. C., February 1, 1865.

The following will be the other of march for to-morrow, commencing at 7 a.m.: The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General J. A. Logan commanding, will move to Angley's Post-Office, as indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 27. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will march to Rivers' Bridge, and if possible effect a lodgment on the other side of the river. The wagon train of these headquarters will move in rear of the leading division of General Blair's corps. The bridge train will move in rear of the division second in column of General Blair's corps. These headquarters will be established at or near Rivers' Bridge.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Whippy Swamp, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from General Sherman, you will take the lower route by the way of Duck Creek, and halt at the place marked "Store," instead of proceeding to Angley's Post-Office as directed.

With the general's consent, you may push a division up to Rice's house, a point some two miles short of Whippy Swamp Creek.

I will send a division of General Blair along the west bank of the creek to form a junction with your division, and move the other two divisions on to the same road, east of the creek, and open communication across.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

