
on the left-hand road will continue on that road to-morrow to Whippy Swamp Post-Office, and from there strike across to our road.

Instructions will be sent them to-night for their movement. Please inform me which brigade it is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SISTER'S FERRY, February 1, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your communication of yesterday received. I directed Williams to communicate to you our situation. The Savannah River is ten feet above its usual depth. The country on each bank is flooded. I have a bridge across the river and a large at work on bridges, but have not yet been able to cross even a cavalryman to the high land. I can now reach within half a mile of it, and river is falling. I hope to get Kilpatrick over this evening. My efforts shall be made to push as rapidly as possible. Our road from the ferry is lined with torpedoes as far as we have gone. Two men were killed yesterday, and over thirty torpedoes were dug up yesterday by working party.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Hickory Hill, S. C., February 1, 1865-5 p.m.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM, Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I have a letter from General Williams detailing your difficulties. I think you had better dispatch Williams with his two divisions and Kilpatrick's cavalry, by the road leading through Duck Branch Post-Office, to Buford's Bridge, and overtake us and follow as soon as possible with the balance. I deem it important to get on the railroad as soon as possible.

We will march slowly, say ten or twelve miles a day, toward Midway, and I want you to come up on our left say at Blackville or Graham's.

You will find some meat and forage. We have already found some.

Wheeler had a division of cavalry here, but they ran; they had obstructed the roads, but they were cleaned out without delay. Tell Corse he may come by Hickory Hill or Duck Branch, as he finds most convenient. You might occupy roads to the left for convenience.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Camped at Pocotaligo, February 1, 1865-3. 30 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just received a note from General Sherman, written at a point four miles south of Hickory Hill, at 1 p.m. to-day. The following is an extract:

All right. Get word over to Slocum that I have started and will be opposite Rivers' Bridge to-morrow. I may await him there, or go on to the railroad about Mid-

