
way. He should push cavalry first, and cross by corps as fast as ready. * * * Roads are very fair; obstructed at the swamps, but we cut a way about as fast as a column marches. We find some hogs, bacon, and corn, but much has been carried off by Wheeler, who is ahead. Open communication with Slocum to-night from Coosawhatchie to Robertsville.

I send this as soon after its receipt as my cavalry can saddle. The commander has orders to deliver it to General Williams, if you are not at Robertsville, and return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Sister's Ferry, Ga., February 1, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Major-general commanding directs that you send details from your command as usual to-morrow morning to resume work on the road in South Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,February 1, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Captain Luce, of steamer Pontiac, suggests that he can ferry the troops of this corps to the bluff, where his ship now lies. He can bring over the wagons, but not the horses. The other transports could easily take the horses. Or if this cannot be done the two regiments of First Division might be sent forward (Sixty-first Ohio and Thirteenth New Jersey). I shall move short of forage, but I think we shall find enough. My men are very short of stockings, especially. If they can be got forward it will save a great many disabled feet. I left a regiment of Ward's division at Purysburg to come up with the transport which was to bring the supplies. My command is now reduced to about a division and a half. If I can get the scattering regiments over it will be an important acquisition to our train guard. I leave Selfridge at the river, and hope to be in Lawtonville to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Robertsville, S. C., February 1, 1865.

No buildings or other property will be burned without orders from these or superior headquarters. Quartermasters, commissaries, ambulance and ordnance officers, and all other officers will see that this order is communicated to the enlisted men and civilians under their charge, and they will be held responsible for the good conduct of their

