
respective commands. Department staff officers will remain with their proper commands and will see that straggling is prohibited. They will have regular roll-calls and inspections after every halt. Unauthorized absentees will be reported for punishment. All animals taken on the march will be reported through regular channels to the proper Chief departmental staff officer of the corps. All cotton and other property destroyed will be reported to the provost-marshal of the corps. The prompt publication of this order by line and staff officers is required.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Robertsville, S. C., February 1, 1865.

That portion of this corps now on this side of the Savannah River, except the First Brigade of the First Division, will move to-morrow toward Lawtonville as follows: The Third Division at 7 a.m., the First Division at 8 a.m. One battery of Artillery will march with the Third Division, one immediately in rear of it, and one with the First Division. General Ward will march one unencumbered brigade in advance of the trains, and General Jackson one in the rear. The balance of the troops will be distributed along the trains so as to afford the most ready protection and assistance. The trains of the First Brigade, First Division, will be left with that brigade, which is to remain in its present position, subject to the orders of Major-General Slocum.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Robertsville, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The Major-general commanding the corps directs me to inform you that portion of the Twentieth Corps now on this side of the river (except one brigade) will march to-morrow morning, and that probably we shall not keep communication with you. He therefore directs that you report to Major-General for orders for the movement of your command until you rejoin the corps again. He also desires that you will assume the control of all the troops and trains of this corps now on that side of the river, and bring them on with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Washington, D. C., February 1, 1865.

Honorable e. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, for the appointment of brevet Major-general for gallant and meritorious services in

