
the battle of Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864. Also, Colonel Thomas J. Henderson, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, for the appointment of brevet brigadier-general for gallant and meritorious services during the late campaigns in George and Tennessee, and especially at the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 5. Fort Fisher, N. C., February 1, 1865.

I. Until further orders no commissioned officer or enlisted man of this command will leave Federal Point to visit any vessel of the Navy, or any other point occupied by our troops, without permission from these headquarters.

II. The Major-general commanding regrets that he finds it necessary to call the attention of commanding officers to the unauthorized discharge of firearms in the command, which have of late been so frequent as to imperil the lives of both officers and men. No firearms will hereafter be discharged, except in action, without permission from these headquarters.

By command of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Four Miles south of Hickory Hill,

February 1, 1865-1 p.m.

General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Your letters of January 31 are received. I cannot modify my orders relative to General Saxton having the charge of recruiting blacks. The Secretary made that a point.

I think the impression at Washington is that both you and I are inimical to the policy of arming negroes, and all know that Saxton is not, and his appointment reconciles that difficulty. If anything serious occurs correspond directly with Mr. Stanton and make your points. Let Grant know that I am in motion, and telegraph to Easton that if Slocum has to wait for provisions it will be dead loss, as we are the moment the enemy lets go get the railroad broken back to the Edisto.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I regret to learn that reports have been made to you by General Easton to the effect that the cause of non-arrival of supplies for the Left Wing of the army was my failing to supply him with

