
steamers. I desire to place myself in the proper light in this matter, for I have earnestly striven to do all that I could to aid in supplies reaching the Army. I therefore inclose a report of the occupation of every steamer in the department. By it it will be seen that sixteen steamers are under General Easton's orders, besides others that have at various times been under his orders, while to convey General Howard's army to Beaufort, to supply it there, to supply General Hatch's division, and to do all the work of the whole department, twenty-one steamers only are in use. I inclose a late paper, the 27th, brought by a steamer just in from the North. Major Gray takes both the paper and this letter to you.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

Report of Steamers in the Department of the South, February 1, 1865.

Under orders of General Easton, at Savannah, Ga. -Canonicus, Golden Gate, Planter, Mayflower, Guide, Mary Benton, Philadelphia, Crescent, Standish, Sylph, Naushon, Fountain, General Lee, Beauregard, Jeff. Davis, and Starlight (tug), 16. Northern District-Charles Houghton and Frazier, 2. Coast Division-General Hooker, 1. Dispatch boat-W. W. Coit, 1. Towing schooners to dismantled Forts Beaulieu and Rosedew-Plato (tug), 1. Used by engineers-Wyoming, 1. Used by the telegraph operators laying and repairing cable-Edwin Lewis, 1. Supplying Edisto Island-Anna Maria, 1. Transporting troops to Folly Island-Cosmopolitan and Nellie Baker, 2. Sent to North Carolina and Fortress Monroe, Va. -George Leary, 1. Employed in transporting General Howard's Army, now awaiting orders-Louisburg, Matagorda, Delaware, Boardman, and Fannie, 5. Under orders of Colonel Conklin, Chief quartermaster, Army of the Tennessee-Louise, 1. Under orders of General Saxton-Enoch Dean, 1. Loading with supplies for Savannah, Ga. -Loyalist, 1. Towing in harbor at Hilton Head, S. C. -Rescue and Relief (tugs), 2. Repairing at machine-shop-Achilles (tug), Savannah, Augusta, Hudson, Croton, Resolute, Island City, and Neptune, 8. Unfit for service-Nantasket, Oneoto, and John Adams, 3.

C. W. THOMAS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster, Department of the South.

CAMP AT INTRENCHMENTS,

February 1, 1865.

Items for General Sherman:

General Foster just arrived from Savannah. All up on the south side of the river Slocum found torpedoes in the road and road damaged by water; was obliged to make a new road. Bridge was completed and some men thrown over on the night of the 30th.

Has one mile and three-quarters to corduroy on this side; expects to complete it on the 31st. Kilpatrick will probably cross on the 1st February. Iverson's cavalry, one brigade, is on the south side of the Savannah River.

