
General Foster requests that paragraph 5, Special Field Orders, Numbers 15, the last sentence, be annulled, so that General Saxton shall have nothing to do with recruiting. General Hardee writes General Saxton that he has authority to allow cotton to be sold and cross the lines.

Major Gouraud arrived from North Carolina. Generals Grant, Schofield, and Rawlins were at Morehead City on the 29th; returned to Fort Monroe on that day.

On the 30th a dense black smoke arose from Wilmington; occasional explosions heard.

General Terry's advance line is about four miles from Fisher, his original line.

Newspaper of the 26th sent by General Foster.

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

I left General Foster at 2 a.m.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, February 1, 1865-1 p.m.

(Received 3. 30 p.m.)

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division:

GENERAL: Your note of this morning is received. All right. Get word over to Slocum that I have started and will be opposite Rivers' Bridge to-morrow. I may await him there, or go on to the railroad about Midway. He should push cavalry first, and cross by corps as fast as ready. Keep feeling at the Salkehatchie bridge and the ferry, and if the enemy lets go follow up as far as Edisto. Let's coop him in Charleston close. Foster will demonstrate about Edisto Island.

Roads are very fair; obstructed at the swamps, but we cut a way out as fast as a column marches. We find some hogs, bacon, and corn, but much has been carried off by Wheeler, who is ahead. Open communication with Slocum to-night from Coosawhatchie to Robertsville.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Pocotaligo, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Colonel E. N. HALLOWELL,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you take one regiment of your command (the one now on Heyward's road), and two pieces of Artillery (Napoleons) and proceed to Garden's Corners, where you will take all but two companies of the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers and proceed down the Combahee Ferry road and make a reconnaissance of the enemy's position on this side of the river. If you are confident that you can carry the work without serious loss you will do so.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

