
NEW BERNE, February 1, 1865.

Major SLOSSON:

(Care of Captain Wheeler, Morehead City.)

General Grant directed that the pontoon train should not be disembarked here at present. He said let it remain on the vessels in the harbor at Beaufort until the arrival of General Schofield, who is expected very soon. If it is necessary to put the animals ashore a place must be provided for them. The probability is that the train will go on to Wilmington, to return here, perhaps, after awhile.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 1, 1865-12 m.

Brigadier General T. F. MEAGHER,

Commanding Provisional Division,

Armies of the Tennessee and Cumberland, Anapolis, Md.:

You will please move your command to New Berne, N. C., instead of Fort Fisher, as heretofore ordered. Your troops will debark at Beaufort and move thence be rail to New Berne. You will report for further orders to Brigadier General I. N. Palmer, at New Berne.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., February 1, 1865.

(Received 9. 20 p.m.)

Honorable c. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Since my telegram of the 28th ultimo, reporting the progress of troops from Benwood, we have forwarded from that point, up to 1. 25 p.m. yesterday, twenty additional trains, with an aggregate of 226 cars, troops, &amp;c. We have succeeded, surrounded by unusual difficulties and through a season of unprecedentedly severe weather, in transporting promptly and with regularity this great movement, which required form the river, and over each division of the road, 54 locomotives and 750 cas.

J. W. GARRETT,

President of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865-9. 30 p.m.

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I am in receipt of a letter from General Sherman. * He expected to move from Pocotaligo on Tuesday last. he asks to have Foster relieved and Schofield succeed him; headquarters at Beaufort, N. C. He was not aware of North Carolina being taken from Foster's command, however, I would favor the removal of Foster on the ground of physical disability. We want a man who is not confined to his quarters. Terry would suit me for that command, now that Schofield goes to North Carolina. Two of his division commanders rank Terry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See January 29, p. 154.

---------------

