SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 24. City Point, Va., February 2, 1865.

I. Brigadier General S. Williams, acting inspector-general, Armies of the United States, will proceed without delay to the Department of the South, and make a thorough inspection of military affairs in that department. All military authorities are required to afford him every facility in the execution of this order.

On the completion of said inspection General Williams will report in person to these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

February 2, 1865.

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Richmond Sentinel, of February 2, contains the following:

The attention of all is called to the appeal of General Lee, in another column, urging the delivery to Confederate States officers of all arms and cavalry equipments in the hands of citizens.

SOUTH CAROLINA.

The news from Charleston of the enemy's movements indicates that Augusta and Branchville are the points aimed at. The Twentieth ARMY Corps is at Robertsville, fifty miles above Savannah, and five miles from the river. A heavy force of infantry, Artillery, and cavalry, believed to be composed of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth [Seventeenth] Army Corps, is said to be encamped near the junction of the Salkehatchie and old Union road. On the 30th the enemy, with Artillery and infantry, advanced from White Point and drove in our skirmish line three miles, to King's Creek. Our infantry afterward advanced and drove the enemy back to White Point, re-establishing the picket-line. On the 31st the enemy made a demonstration on the position defending the pontoon bridge over the Salkehatchie, but without result. It is reported that they burned the village of McPhersonville, of five miles southwest of Pocotaligo, on the night of the 30th.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 2, 1865-1 p.m.

(Received 2. 15 p.m.)

Honorable edwin M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Steamer George Leary just arrived from Savannah. Major Anderson, bearer of dispatches from General Sherman to General Schofield, leaves for Annapolis on mail-boat Webster this p.m. No news of importance beyond dispatches. Captain Hudson, of General Grant's staff, also arrived by same boat, with detailed dispatch for General Grant.

T. T. ECKERT.

