
Our wagon now here are barely sufficient to perform the labor here. In May last every wagon, horse, and mule that could be spared from this district was sent to Virginia, and none of them have ever been returned.

If this requisition can be filled I think I will be able to co-operate with General Sherman in the manner directed by him.

As I have said, the plans for future operations have been given to me confidentially, and I therefore send this to you in the same way. It is my impression, however, that it is the general belief in all this region that Sherman is coming through this State, and it appears to be spoken of as a matter of course.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, February 2, 1865-11 a.m.

(Received 11. 30 a.m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

Mahone's division, which was reported to have gone south, has returned to Petersburg. They did go south near or quite to Weldon, probably to meet a raid sent by General Palmer to destroy the ram which is being built in the Roanoke.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,February 2, 1865-2. 30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I expect to get off to-morrow with one division besides General Meagher's command. I will go with the advance and will stop at Fort Monroe for your orders. I will telegraph you when I start.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 2, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Washington, D. C.:

I arrived here to-day with dispatches for you from Major-General Sherman. Will be in Anapolis to-morrow morning (Friday).

JOHN F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 18. Washington, D. C., February 2, 1865.

I. The Special Orders of January 26, 1865, from these headquarters, for embarking the troops of this command, is hereby modified as follows: The First and Third Brigades, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, will embark at Alexandria to-morrow morning and move without delay to Fort Fisher, N. C. The Second Brigade, Third Division (Colonel Casement's), will move by rail to Anapolis, Md., and embark at that point, and move without delay to Fort Fisher. This brigade

