
will take precedence of all other troops in embarking at Annapolis, it being important that it reach its destination as soon as practicable. Brigadier General T. F. Meagher's Provisional Division will embark at Annapolis without unnecessary delay (giving precedence to Colonel Casement's brigade), and move to Beaufort, and thence by rail to new Berne, N. C., and join the command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer, to whom General Meagher will report on his arrival at Beaufort for further orders. The Second and First Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, will embark at Alexandria or Anapolis, as may be directed by Brigadier-General Rucker, quartermaster, as soon as transports shall be rpvided, and will move without delay to Fort Fisher, N. C. One Battery will move with each division, if practicable, without delaying the movement of the infantry. The remaining artillery wagons and animals will follow the troops as soon as suitable trnapsorts can be provided. Headquartes will move with the Third Division from Alexandria to-morrow.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. Alexandria, Va., February 2, 1865.

I. Captain Hobart Ford, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is hereby detailed for duty as aide-de-camp on the personal staff of the general commanding, and will report without delay to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPLIS, MD., February 2, 1865-10 p.m.

(Received 11. 30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

About 1,000 of General Meagher's division have arrived and are on board transports. Boats ordered to Baltimore to-day for troops have failed to reach that city. Another attempt will be made at daylgiht to-morrow. Great difficulty is experienced in coaling vessels at this point and in supplying them with water. In addition to steamers named in your memoranda the Alliance and Hermann Livingstone have arrived. The first will carry 200 men and the other 800.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., February 2, 1865.

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, in accordance with your orders, the Twenty-third Army Corps, Major-General Schofield commanding, has been transferred from Clifton, on the Tennessee, to the

