
have shown greater firmenss and resolution in danger, or more reckless daring and disregard of personal safety, and doubt not many of their deeds will live in history and tradition along the lines of our Estern rivers, as have the stores and deeds of partisan chiefs of former times.

It was by the serices of such meant aht the Government was enabled so rapidly to concentrate re-enforcements at Donelson and Shiloh; that with seven days' notice it was enabled to embark 40,000 men under Sherman in mid-winter for the movement against Vicksburg, and subsequently to precipitate the same force upon, and capture, the Post of Arkansas. It was thei courage that piloted our transports past the batteries of Island Numbers 10, Vicksburg, and numberless other places along our Western waters; and all who have seen the unblanched cheek and steady arm by which the pilot at the wheel or the captain on the huyrricane roof have discharged their duties in hours of danger, cannot fail to acknowledge that they justly deserved a page in the distory of the events of the war.

I also acknowledge with pleasure the services of Captain J. V. Lewis, assistnat quartermaster, an able officer, recently in charge of transportation at Cincinnati, who, at my solicitation, though he had tendered his resignation and was relieved from duty, again resumed his former position and labored incessantly, and rendered most vluable assistance in effecting the transfer at Cincinnati in the movement by rail.

I would also acknoweldge the very valuable assistance rendered by Captain Arthur Edwards, assistant quartermaster; Captain J. H. Wilson, assistant quartermaster; Captain A. C. Woolfolk, assistant quarteramster, and Captain Gus. Artsman, assistant quartermaster, at their respective posts of duty.

Hereiwth I transmit copies of all orders, instructions, communications, and reports of the superintendents of the several roads, forming a complete record of the movement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

[Inclosure.]

Copies of orders, letters, and telegrams.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 11, 1865.

1.]

Colonel LEWIOS B. PARSONS,

Chief of Rail and River Transportation, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: It having been decided that the Twenty-third Army Corps, Major-General Schofield commanding, shall be transferred from the Tennessee to the Chesapeake, you will immediately proced westward, and take the general supervision and management of its trnasportation.

If the navigation of the Ohio will admit, it is deemed best that the transportation shall be by boats to Parkrsburg, W. Va., thence by rail over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Should this not be practicable, the troops should be trasnsported by rail from Cairo, Evansville, Jeffersonville, or Cincinnati, as navigation of the Ohio will permit, then by rail to Bellaire, and over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

