
of the army there; but Butler is at fault, and he alone. Admiral Porter fulfilled his share to admiration. I think the admiral will feel more confidence in my troops, as he saw up carry points on the Mississippi where he had silenced the fire. All will turn out of the best yet.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, Ga., January 7, 1865.

Mr. ISAIAH BEASLEY and OTHERS:

GENTLEMEN: By direction of General Sherman I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours dated January 3. He has also had an interview with the bearer of the same, Mr. Rodgers. He wishes me to express his satisfaction at you earnestness and progress, and wishes you to go on quietly and secretly with your organization. Keep up constant communication with the commanding officer here, whoever he may be, and who will always assist you. You cannot depend on General Sherman always being here, but you will meet with encouragement from our officers. You had better send in at times some of those guerrillas and persons who give you trouble, and we will dispose of them as prisoners of war, or if they are guerrillas and bushwhackers will banish them for the country or punish them. General Kilpatrick will be informed of your society and intentions, and you can feel assured of his good will and influence. The pass you have proposed will be adopted, and General Kilpatrick's officer will be notified.

I am, gentlemen, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 7. Savannah, Ga., January 7, 1865.

* * *

II. 1. Captain C. B. Reese, Chief engineer, will direct the pontoon train, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale, to at once proceed to Fort Thunderbolt, preparatory to embarkation to Beaufort, S. C., to which point it will follow the Seventeenth Corps as soon as transportation can be furnished.

2. Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will hold his command in readiness to move to Beaufort, S. C., and will send one division to Fort Thunderbolt Monday morning, the 9th instant, preparatory to embarkation. The remainder of his command will follow as soon as transportation can be furnished. He will continue to furnish the necessary daily details for labor on the fortifications heretofore ordered, or so much thereof as the deceasing number of his troops present will admit, relieving each division when ready to embark from all details by details from remaining divisions.

* * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

