
morning. After perfecting arrangments here I shall take rail to-night at Cairo and be at Louisville to-morrow. With the present very high water, transports come from Easport to Paducah in sixteen to twenty hours, from Clifton in twelve to sixteen hours, from Paducah to Louisville in two days, Cincinnati three days, Parkersburg and Wheeling five to six days.

The remainder of the corps from Clifton should be here between this asnd morning. Transportation is reauired for 18,000 to 20,000, with five batteries of mounted artillery.

Dispatch will reach me at Cairo until midnight. Please advise the Baltimore and Ohio.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

62.] CAIRO, January 18, 1865.

Colonel PARSONS:

I send you the Florence for towing purposes. Will send you the Lockwood as soon as I can get her ready, and others as rapidly as possible. The Emperor will beat Paducah this a.m., I think, our of the Cumberland and possibly others. I will report from time to time.

WOOLFOLK,

Assistant Quartermaster.

63.] PADUCAH, KY., January 18, 1865.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Started by daylight yesterday with twenty boats. Met about half the corps coming down last night much overloaded. Ascertaining I had sufficient transportaion for balance, I detailed Captain Edwards to proceed and supervise transportation from Clifton. Provided additional boats for and started the fleet for Louisville at 8 o'clock this morning. Transportation is required for nearly 20,000. I shall perfect arrangements here to-day and leave Ciro for Louisville to-night by rail. Only two boats in from Cincinnati. Everything lookds well so far.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

64.] SMITHLAND, January 18, 1865.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Chief of Rail and River Transportation:

Five or six boats at this place. The last indorsement on their orders is to proceed to Smithland and coal. General McLean has gone ahead without leaving further orders. Shall I order the boats to follow him.?

H. RASIN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

