
65.] PADUCAH, KY., January 18, 1865.

Captain H. RASIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Smithland, Ky.:

All boats connected with the Twenty-third Army Corps should be ordred to follow the corps up the river as rapudly as possible. You will direct the captains of the transportations to make no delays not absolutely necessary.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

P. S. -Will you please direct Captain Johnson to send back boat immediately?

L. B. P.

66.] PADUCAH, KY., January 18, 1865.

Captain H. RASIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Smithland, Ky.:

I shall send five or six boats for coal this morning. We are almost out here. Shall also send you fifteen or twenty again within two days. Send word by any opportunity to the miners to get out all the coal they can.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

67.] SMITHLAND, January 18, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Chief Quartermaster, Paducah, Ky.:

Your dispatch recieved. Will provide coal for such boats as you may send. Have sent an agent to the mines to have coal in readiness for the vessels as they pass.

H. RASIN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

68.] CAIRO, ILL., January 18, 1865.

Colonel PARSONS,

Paducah:

The Denning, Lockwood, and Julia are the only boats that are in port that can be gotten out with any kind of dispatch. I think I can get them to you by midnight. If any other boats get in from below I will send you one or two more thee. There should be boats outof the Cumberland, as the Emperor was reported to have left Nashville yesterday morning. The Decatur, Kennett, and others are due. If possible let the Emperor and barge come on, as General Allen seems to be hurrying forage to Eastport, and she has another barge waiting her here. The Pringle is also to be at Paducah going up loaded and may possibly be used to return troops from above. Please let me know precisely how you are fixed and what is the best you can do with.

WOOLFOLK,

Assistant Quartermaster.

