
69.] PADUCAH, January 18, 1865.

Captain A. C. WOOLFOLK,

Assistant Quartermaster, Cairo, Ill.:

I have ordered the Emperor to Cairo as you desire, though she has part of a load for Eastport. Load her as soon and as fully as you can. She leaves at once. Can't you take the Florence for Easport? The Pringle has gone up the river.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

70.] CAIRO ILL., January 18, 1865-10 a.m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS:

The Julia, Lockwiood, and Maria Denning are getting ready, but cannot possibly be at Paducah before to-morrow morning. The Florence will leave in half an hour.

A. C. WOOLFORLK,

Assistant Quartermaster.

71.] PADUCAH, January 18, 1865.

CAPTAIN OF STEAMER EMPEROR,

Paducah, Ky.:

Owing to the large numbe of boats necessarily taken to move the Twenty-third Army Corps and to the urgent demands of General Allen for the transportation of forage from Cairo to Eastport, you will proceed from this point to Cairo, and there take as soon as possible a load of forage and proceed at once to Eastport, on your regular trips between Nashville and Easport. This diversion to Cairo, if due diligence is used, should not interfere with your weekly trips as required by General Donaldson. Captain Woolfolk will delay you as little as possible in obtaining your load.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

72.] PADUCAH, January 18, 1865.

Captain ARTHUR EDWARDS,

Assistant Quartermaster:

I find that General Couch passed you last night without you seeing him and is here this morning. He advises me there are not exceeding 7,000 men, at the outside, left, and that there will be two or three large boats from Easport in addition to those you have. Thsi being rue, you are provided amply for transportation. Of the six boats ordered from Cincinnati I have given one to General McLean and two to General Couch, leaving three that will be here to-night, which will be taken by you to furnish additional transportation, or you can discharge other boats, and take these in place of them. The following is a list of the boats which came down with me connected with General McLean's command: Bertha, Swallow, Minnehaha, Cora S., Clara Poe, Charmer, Financier, Leni Leoti, Burd Levi, Marmora, A. Baker, Havana, Echo, Mercury, Baldwin, Tyrone.

