
commanding to state that he does not approve of the firing on the channel, as Lieutenant-General Grant has ordered all firing to cease except for important reasons. The naval battery can fire as much as they choose. A regiment of infantry will be sent to report to you for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, January 8, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My report of the Savannah campaign is finished. In spite of my urgency the map is not yet compiled, and the report of General Slocum is not yet in, so I must let the Arago depart without sending them. But as you are in possession of all substantial facts I suppose there is less anxiety for specific details. I am now moving my troops slowly and quietly to the new points, from which I can converge rapidly to my intended place of concentration; but I must have more bread and oats, but hope to have them in the course of this week.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, January 8, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Savannah:

GENERAL: Your dispatches, per Captain Audenried, were received and forwarded to Lieutenant-General Hardee, at Charleston. To facilitate the matter the substance was also telegraphed him. I now transmit herewith his response to your communication, and also a dispatch to myself upon the same subject, which will explain themselves.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CHARLESTON, January 7, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

(Care of Major-General Wheeler.)

Your communication in relation to the point at which the citizens coming into our lines from Savannah shall be delivered is received I request that, if practicable they be sent to Charleston Harbor. If this shall not meet with your concurrence, them I suggest Purysburg, on the Savannah River, as the place, and Wednesday, 11th instant, as the time of delivery.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

