
122.] CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 21, 1865.

Captain R. BURR, or

ARMY QUARTERMASTER,

Columbus, Ohio:

The necessities of the Government require several hundred cars to move troops immediately. You will therefore make requisitions at once on such roads as can soonest furnish them for at least 200 good, safe cars, suitable for moving troops, and if any road fails or refuses to deliver them promptly you will immediately tak epossession of the cars and deliver them to Thomas Lough or D. S. Gray and J. W. doherty, with whom you will at once consult before further action.

By order of Secretary of War:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

123.] CINCINNATI, January 21, 1865.

H. J. JEWETT,

President Central Ohio Railroad, Znesville, Ohio:

We expect to send over 400 cars to you in the next three days. Say 200 to-morrow morning. It seems to me necessary to stop all other trains after to-night. Do you not concur for safety? I would suggest that all trains be limited to ten to twelve miles per hour.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

124.] COLUMBUS, OHIO, January 21, 1865.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

We have suspended all but our through passenger trains and will have power here sufficient to move the trains as they arrive from Cincinnati. We have reduced the rate of speed to the maximum of ten miles per hour. If power is needed will also suspend passenger trains.

H. J. JEWETT.

125.] CINCINNATI, January 21, 1865.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS:

(Care General R. Allen, Louisville, Ky.)

COLONEL: The following is a copy of telegram sent you this a.m. in reply to your dispatch of this date, viz:

I shall probably have cars enough for the troops as they arrive; shall know positively in a few hours.

If the rain now falling and moderate weather continue, as appearances inidcate, the boats can proceed to Parkersburg by to-morrow night, which will be safer and better for the men.

Will you authorize me to order the boats to proceed, if deemed judicious?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. MCKIM,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

