
136.] BALTIMORE, January 21, 1865. -8. 30 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. received 8 p. m. I note what you say about expected change in river. Please keep us advised. Coffee matters all arranged. I have telegraphed you three times to-day.

W. P. SMITH.

137.] CINCINNATI, January 21, 1865.

W. PRESCOTT SMITH,

Master Transpt., Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore, Md.:

From 4,000 to 5,000 left to-day by rail via Columbus. About the same number will probably leave to-morrow, and the same next day. If ice will admit some 5,000 to 7,000 will start for Parkersburg on boat to-morrow, or next day. If not, they will go the same as the balance, unless you direct by rail to Marietta. Your agent at Parkersburg telegraphed me this morning that navigation was entirely suspended at Parkersburg, and likely to be for three or four days. Captain Kelley reports late this evening that it is having rapidly. Do not blame me for sending troops so fast, or that there are so many. I could not change it. General Schofield expects there will be some detention, but is anxious to get them along as fast as he can. He does not expect anything unreasonable from you. Arrangements for coffee have been made at Wheeling and Columbus.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

138.] CINCINNATI, January 21, 1865.

General ROBERT ALLEN,

Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

Boats detained somewhat by fog last night, but are now arriving rapidly. We have arrangements for sending 7,000 to 8,000 a day. Navigation at Parkersburg reported as suspended and not likely to be open for two or three days.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

139.] CINCINNATI, January 22, 1865.

AGENT BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD,

Wheeling, Va.:

General Schofield and staff and about 200 guard left here at 8 a. m. via Columbus for Wheeling to proceed over Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to-night by your regular train or otherwise. Be prepared and telegraph to General Schofield stating your arrangements by my request and answer here.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

