
148.] CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 22, 1865.

J. B. FORD,

Agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Wheeling, Va.:

Did you get my dispatch of this morning, stating General Schofield would be in Wheeling to-night with 200 troops to go immediately east? Has the commissary provided abundance of coffee for troops at Bellaire? Do you receive prompt information from Columbus of the force of trains passing there? How are you getting on?

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

149.] WHEELING, January 23, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Yes; to all your inquiries. We telegraphed you and General Schofield. We have special trains in waiting for general, staff, and guards. Dispatched east, from the river, the first trains at 5. 10 a. m. Our arrangements are perfected for prompt movement. We have suspended one of ou passenger trains, and will susspend both if necessary.

J. B. FORD.

150.] CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 22, 1865.

General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

(Care J. B. Ford, agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Wheeling, Va.)

I telegraphed the agent at Wheeling early this morning of your comming. Do you find everything satisfactory? A dense for has prevailed all day, preventing arrival of boats. We will, however, come nearly up to my dispatch of last night. How about the river?

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

151.] BENWOOD, W. VA., January 23, 1865.

Colonel PARSONS,

Chief of Transportation, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. All arrangements seem very satisfactory, and I think the troops will go through all right. I start east at 12 o'clock, and expect to go through on passenger time. I think delay on Columbus road was not due to any fault of the superintendent, but to that of the conductors and local agents.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

152.] BALTIMORE, January 22, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSON,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

We are providing rapidly to meet exigency both at Benwood and Wheeling. Coffee will be ready at Benwood, but have had to telegraph

