
162.] CINCINNATI, January 23, 1865.

Major MACFEELY,

Chief Commissary:

DEAR SIR: I regret to be obliged to advise you that there are about 1,000 men again delayed for a lack of rations at the Little Miami Railroad depot. Is it not possible to put an end to the recurrence of these detentions? Will you not give such orders as will prevent further delay? There are some eight or ten boats ordered up to Parkersburg with troops, and will leave as soon as they get their rations and fuel.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

163.] CINCINNATI, January 23, 1865.

CAPTAIN OF STEAMER:

SIR: In proceeding to Parkersburg in accordance with the orders of Captain Lewis, assistant quartermaster, you will move as rapidly as possible consistent with the utmost safety in regard to the troops on your boat. Should a change of the weather occur whereby it should become dangerous to proceed owing to ice, you will, unless otherwise ordered by the military officers in command, immediately return to this city. It is hoped and believed, however, by promptnes you will be able to reach Parkersburg without difficulty. General Couch will proceed in command of all boats proceeding up the river, his headquarters being on board the Major Anderson.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

(The above order was sent to the following boats, viz: Marmora, Huntsman, Alex. Speer, Baltimore, Rose Hite, Nashville, Norman, Navigator, and Havana.)

164.] CINCINNATI, January 23, 1865.

SAMUEL C. GALE,

Agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Parkersburg:

Your dispatch and one from Captain Kelley (184) just received, in consequence of which I have ordered boats not to leave till further news from you to-morrow. Telegraph me as early in the morning as possible as to ice and navigation.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

165.] PARKERSBURG, January 24, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Weather very cold. River rising. A great deal of ice passing. Steamer Telegraph arrived this p. m. with colored troops from Catlettsburg.

S. C. GALE.

17 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

