
166.] PARKERSBURG, January 23, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Ice running heavy; quite a snow-storm; no boats running to-day.

B. F. KELLEY, Jr.

167.] CINCINNATI, January 24, 1865-12 m.

D. W. CALDWELL,

Superintendent, Zanesville, Ohio:

Are all trains proceeding safely without accident, and to your satisfaction? Please answer definitely.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

168.] ZANESVILLE, January 24, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Columbus, Ohio:

The movement thus far has been very satisfactory. Trains are being run slowly and carefully, but with entire freedom from accident.

D. W. CALDWELL.

169.] CINCINNATI, January 23, 1865.

Colonel W. W. McKIM,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

DEAR COLONEL: Captain Lewis has just shown me your note to him. Owing to the arrival of a large number of boats during the night, and constant arrival this morning, together with the presence of Generals Cooper, Couch, and Ruger, all pressing to get their troops forward as fast as possible, Captain Lewis and myself have been incessantly occupied in arranging the troops-a portion to go by water and a portion by rail-giving orders for the captain to do anything else.

Feeling assured that if everything was going well you would not desire so many boats and men should be delayed to make a formal report, we have simply confined ourselves to pushing forward the troops. Be assured there has been no intentional lack of compliance with your wishes in giving you a prompt report, on the part of Captain Lewis, and it is only from the circumstances above mentioned that it has been done. As soon as the present pressing requisitions are complied with, the captain will send you up a statement of everything that has been done. Under such circumstances may I not ask that you will temporarily waive his reporting to you in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

P. S. -As soon as report can be made up I will bring it up myself.

