
184 1/2.] CINCINNATI, January 24, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

SAMUEL C. GALE,

Parkersburg:

The ice and weather are so bad I have ordered troops to disembark and proceed to Bellaire by rail. No troops will be sent to Parkersburg except one or two boats that left some days since, and where they are I cannot learn. They contain about 600 troops. If they have no arrived you need not keep cars waiting for them, provided they are wanting cars at Wheeling.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

185.] CINCINNATI, January 24, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

J. B. FORD,

Wheeling:

Ice and weather so bad have ordered troops to disembark and all proceed by rail via Columbus. About 12,000 have left to this hour, 4,000 more to-day, and the balance, 3,000 to 4,000, to-morrow. Do you get full information from Columbus of passing of all trains at that point? I hope an abundance of coffee is provided on arrival of troops. How are you getting on?

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

185 1/2.] ZANESVILLE, January 25, 1865.

THOMAS LOUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Do you think it policy to allow trains to be detained so long on the road? Would it not be better to detain them at Columbus until you can send them directly through? Why not take engines from other roads, as I have requested you should do, while you are so short? It seems to me it would be better to entirely stop all returning trains, the engines only coming back. I think this is absolutely necessary. Things go very slowly now.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

186.] COLUMBUS, OHIO, January 25, 1865.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Zanesville, Ohio:

The detentions to trains at Union to-day has not bee for want of power, but on account of the number collected at that station and meeting the trains eastward [westward?] bound. It would certainly be easier for us to have had the trains a little slower, but as it was desired we should push them along, we have made our best efforts to secure safety by running slow and be diligent. We would have called on other companies for power, but the bad weather has broken up their engines and every road centering here is short, and, as you determined last

