
night, I have though we could fill the bill at Wheeling without calling upon our neighbors, but if you say drive them along I will make the requisition. Answer me after you see Caldwell and Jewett at Zanesville. I will telegraph you the time of departure from Cincinnati and Columbus and arrival of the rest of the trains at Bellaire.

THOS. LOUGH.

186 1/2.] BALTIMORE, January 23, 1865-8 p. m.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Cincinnati:

Yours of 11. 30 received 7. 40 p. m. First 3,000 left Benwood for Washington from 5 to 10 this m. with officers by passenger train, and all baggage and effects very promptly. We have cars there for 4,000 men and other cars in good reach for 6,000 additional.

W. PRESCOTT SMITH,

Master of Transportation.

187.] ZANESVILLE, January 26, 1865-12. 15 a. m.

THOMAS LOUGH,

Columbus:

I have received your dispatch. I think it obviously best to stop all westbound trains, except the regular passenger trains, until all the troops have passed, and Mr. Caldwell will so stop them by my request. You have more cars than are necessary to move all the troops, and I do not think it right to have trains detained all along the line for so many hours. If you require the engines they can go back by several going together. Ford says there are no troops waiting at Bellaire. Tell Woodward to start all troops, animals, and artillery as soon as possible. Of course I only desire them to go as fast as is consistent with perfect safety, but I do not see how eight or ten hours' detention by trains going west adds to safety. Please advise me of all trains leaving Cincinnati and Columbus. You will also require that all trains bound east shall have preference over all trains over the Steubenville road.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

187 1/2.] COLUMBUS, January 26, 1865.

Colonel PARSONS,

Zanesville:

Your dispatch 12. 15 a. m. was received. I had deferred answering till I should know what the morning would bring forth. I can imagine your anxiety to know that a slow ride to Zanesville on a passenger train would make you feel that everything else was moving in the same way. But the fact is the delay to passenger trains is intended, as we are giving the soldier's trains the preference. The state of the case this morning is as follows:

No. 17 has unloaded at Bellaire and transferred. Nos. 18, 19, and 20 were within eighteen miles of Bellaire at 9 a. m. Mr. Cadwell acn tell you where 21, 22, 23, and 24 are. No. 25 engine failed at Union,

