
190.] ZANESVILLE, January 26, 1865-12. 30 a. m.

J. B. FORD,

Agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Bellaire:

Please take the names of all officers behaving improperly, and say that Major-General Couch is on the train east and will soon be in Bellaire and investigate the difficulties.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

191.] ZANESVILLE, January 26, 1865-2 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Zanesville:

Track clear and all trains moving. Two trains from the west due here in two hours. I have ordered coffee for their men.

D. W. CALDWELL.

192.] WHEELING, January 26, 1865-10 p. m.

Colonel PARSONS,

Zanesville, Ohio:

Our company have ordered that all other business be postponed, which has been done, for the speedy movement of your men. I will do myself the honor to call on you in the a. m., and have a comfortable car provided for you passage east. Our trains arrive this p. m., bringing us additional means for your army transportation. With plenty of hay in the cars and good warm coffee on the road, we trust your noble men may suffer but little from the very inclement weather. Have just received the following from our master of transportation, which will doubtless interest you:

[J. B. FORD.]

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, January 26, 1865.

J. B. FORD:

Advise General Couch and Colonel Parsons that up to present writting there has arrived in Washington, not including General Schofield and party, in all 121 cars, troops, baggage, &amp;c., and another train reported on Washington Branch expected to make in shortly. Other trains working satisfactorily, as well as could have been anticipated, considering severe weather. Advise them further that empty cars of leaving trains have been turned back, and doubltless have reached or passed Cumberland, west bound.

W. P. SMITH.

193.] WHEELING, January 26, 1865.

Colonel PARSONS,

Zanesville:

Our troop trains have all passed to destination without the slightest interruption or delay, except one train, which was detained a short

