
213.] WHEELING, January 28, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

W. PRESCOTT SMITH,

Baltimore, Md.:

I feel anxious to know the progress east. Have telegraphed you there, with no reply. They are getting on very slowly on the Ohio Central.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

214.] ZANESVILLE, January 27, 1865-4. 20 p. m.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Bellaire:

No. 26 just leaving Belmont. No. 27 just leaving Spencer's. No. 28 now at Spencer's. No. 29 due at Concord soon. These are all the trains east of Newark. There is some delay west of Newark, the cause of which I will give you soon as I get it. In the matter of the movement via Steubenville and Indiana road, I of course yield to your better judgment.

H. J. JEWETT.

215.] BELLAIRE, January 28, 1865.

THOMAS LOUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

In Heaven's name can't something be at once done to put an end to such extraordinary delay? It is most unfortunate, and the responsibility of the cause very great. What is the matter? Let me know the facts. Where are all the trains? Everything else must at once give way to move these troops. Please answer immediately.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

216.] COLUMBUS, January 28, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Bellaire, Ohio:

The delay to the trains yesterday caused by breaking of driver on engine on one train, which set the tender and twelve cars off the rail; another broken rail set two cars off the rail on a bridge and broke the cross-ties in bridge for about thirty feet. This caused a delay of twevel hours, but the trains now moved from Columbus as fast as power could be returned here, and passenger trains suspended to do it. Last night another broken rail and one truck of car, broken-down car off the track, detained train from here, but all right again and train moving. No. 36 left here at 4 a. m., and we will have the two remaining trains, which make all of your command, to-day. Other troops are now arriving for New York, via Crestline and Steubenville. I need not assure you that everything that can be done is done to keep them going, but we cannot avoid the breaking of rails and engines. Pease says there will be about 4,000 stragglers to come along, and if they can get them together will send on one train.

T. LOUCH.

18 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

