
rapidly and successfully made as this has been so far, and if we can escape all accident I shall feel most thankful and relieved of an almost fearful responsibility. These brave fellows have had a hard time over the Ohio Central for two to three days, and all officers and men complain of being too close pressed for room, though Clement only put thirty to thirty-five in his large cars. I feel it but just and good policy to put twenty-six to twenty-eight in your small and thirty in your large cars. This much deligents all and makes them pleased with your road and everybody. It only takes a few more cars, and I feel sure you will concur, at least I hope you won't disapprove my action. Nearly all will be in to-day, and I hope to clear out to-morrow.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

235.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865.

E. W. WOODWARD, Esq.,

Superintendent Little Miami Railroad, Cincinnati, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: I congratulate you on the completion of the transportation of the Twenty-third Army Corps so far as your road is concerned, and it gives me great pleasure to state that it has been done with a remarkable degree of success and satisfaction to the Government, considering the severity of the weather and the short notice I was able to give you. According to my experience, which has been, ad you know, pretty extensive, everything considered there has been no large movement so successful. The completion of the transportation of 20,000 troops with all its artillery from the Tennessee to the Potomac, a distance of nearly 1,500 miles, over rivers and mountains in the midst of a severe winter, is no ordinary occurrence, and I venture the assertion that nothing equal to it has ever occurred either in Europe or America, and its success will certainly be a subject for pleasant future recollection. I am delighted to know that from Easport to Washington, as far as heard from, there have been no accidents causing injury to life or limb of any person. I expect to leave here for Washington to-morrow, where I trust I shall find your full reports, in which I hope you will state all the circumstances, and the sudden change and condition of the weather, affecting the movement.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

I remain, sir, very truly, yours,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

P. S. -In case there are any complaints or misapprehension, would it not be well for you to see your city papers and have corrections made and the facts understood. The stories bout freezing of men are pure fiction. I have inquired fully and cannot learn a single case, though it would not have been strange if some drunken man had exposed him self and had his feet frozen. Don't let this movement get mixed up with that from Nashvile. After all my intense anxieties and efforts I should been wonderful, all things considered; but it would not be the first time I have been blamed when the contrary was justly due. The average time of movement from the upper Tennessee will not exceed ten days.

