
236.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865.

THOMAS LOUGH, Esq.,

Superintendent Central Ohio Railroad:

DEAR SIR: I am glad to learn the transportation of the Twenty-third Army Corps is completed, as far as your road is concentrated, and that, while accident and delays have occurred, there has been, as far as I can learn, no injury to life or limb of any person, which is certainly a cause for sincere congratulation. While I have felt and may have expressed momentary annoyance at some of the delays arising, as you advise me, from unavoidable circumstances, as broken rails and the like, fully appreciate the energy, earnest labor, and efforts you have made to cause the movement to be a perfect success. I should be extremely sorry to have an one suppose I wouldmake the least unnecessary complaint. I think that perhaps you have erred a little in your unwillingness to incommode other roads by taking their machinery in accordance wity my request and instructions; but as I may not be fully advised of the facts I should hesitate in deciding, without further knowledge and until I receive your report, that you had not acted best under the circumstances. The completion of the transportation of 20,000 men, with all their artillery, from the Tennessee to the Potomac, a distance of nearly 1,500 miles, over rivers and mountains, in the midst of a severe winter, is no ordinary occurrence, and I venture the assertion that nothing equal to it has ever occurred either in Europe or America, and its success will be a subject for future pleasant recollection.

Wishing you every success in your new position in the way of developing your road to the full extent of its metal, I am, very truly, yours,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

P. S. -The average time of movement will not exceed ten days.

237.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865-11 a. m.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington:

Ten trains left yesterday. I think we shall get off everything to-day. We have had a very severe time over the Ohio Central, and in crossing the Ohio; been off the track on the Ohio Central several times by broken rails or axles, and had some very narrow escapes from great disaster. But so far, thank Heaven, there has been no injury or loss to life, limb, or property, and the troops are very cheerful and comfortable. Weather has been very severe, but is moderating a little to-day. Since my arrival here I have had stoves and straw put in every car.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

238.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

W. PRESCOTT SMITH,

Baltimore, Md.:

Thank God, nearly everything is here safe. Ten trains left yesterday; hope to get off the balance to-day. Your employes have worked

