
splendidly; we have been off the track on the Ohio Central several times by broken rails or axles, arising from severe cold weather, occasioning much delay, and had some narrow escapes from great disaster, but so far there had been no injury or loss of life, limb, or property. Stories about men being frozen to death are pure fiction. I have inquired carefully and cannot find a single case of even a frozen limb. Troops are cheerful and happy in being sent Est in cars not overcrowded and having stoves.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

239.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

President,

W. PRESCOTT SMITH, Esq.,

Master of Transportation, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

GENTLEMEN: I am happy to inform you that the transfer of the Twenty-third Army Corps across the Ohio from Bellaire to your cars at Benwood is completed. In closing it, I should feel that I were lacking in justice not to especially acknowledge the services rendered by the employes of your road.

As you are aware, before our arrival here the weather suddenly changed and became and has continued intensely cold, by which, all railroad men know, the difficulties and dangers of such a movement become trebled and quadrupled. It is gratifying to know that, owing in a great extent to the untiring energy and perseverance of your employes, the work has been completed rapidly, and without injury or loss to person or property. The accomplishment of the work so successfully is mainly owing to the service of Mr. John Cronan, your agent here, and Mr. James R. Shroder, assistant supervisor of trains, who for eight days have been ever at their posts, and at times without sleep or rest for two and three days; also to the assistance of Mr. McMurphy, superintendent of transfer, who exerted himself with like energy until he became ill; so also to the aid given by Mr. Harvey, temporarily assisting Mr. Cronan, and to Captain Snyder, in charge of the transfer-boat W. H. Harrison, to the watchful care of whom, by night and day, is owing the fact that we have been able to cross at all through the ice. The value of these men, I doubt not, is well known to you, yet I cannot but think for their services in this case they are worthy of special commendation, and that with such employes your road will continue to maintain its unsurpassed reputation for safety and good management.

I am, very respectfully,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

240.] BELLAIRE, January 30, 1865.

Colonel McKIM,

Chief Quartermaster, and

Captain J. V. LEWIS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENTLEMEN: I am glad to inform you that all the Twenty-third Army Corps have arrived here, been transferred, and that a large proportion

