
243.] BENWOOD, January 30, 1865.

Captain GUS. ARTSMAN,

Assistant Quartemaster, Wheeling, Va.:

Please see the editor of the Wheeling Register and inform him some one has given him false information and led him to state in paper this morning that nine soldiers were frozen to death in the cars on the Ohio Central. It is entirely untrue. I have made and caused to be made the most careful inquiry for days past, and assure him not a man has been frozen, nor even a limb. Indeed, with the close cars so full of straw and stoves such a thing was impossible unless a man was intoxicated and exposed outside. I am sure the editor will correct the error, as it is calculated to prejudice our cause. Please consult with Captain Ford, and answer. Some twelve or fifteen cars more of horses arrived; two of artillery will be up to-day. Please prepare to ship them as soon as possible.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

244.] BELLAIRE, January 29, 1865.

Captain J. B. FORD,

Wheeling, Va.:

The soldiers and officers all say they have been too much crowded in coming from Cincinnati, and Mr. Clement only put thirty-five in their large cars. Bear in mind the services of these brave men, the severity of this weather, the fact that most of your cars are smaller than those in Ohio, and thus one or two more cars to a train make all satisfied and pleased with your road; and I am sure you will yield to my wishes, and I will agree to stand between you and all blame, as I cannot, while seeing the facts, think it right or policy to put over twenty-six or twenty-eight in your small cars and thirty in the large ones. Again, the transportation is almost complete, and only a few extra cars will be required.

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

245.] WHEELING, January 29, 1865-9 p. m.

Colonel PARSONS,

Benwood:

We have just succeeded in getting the forage, and everything will leave immediately.

J. B. FORD,

246.] WHEELING, January 30, 1865-12. 25 p. m.

Colonel PARSONS,

Benwood:

Please stop the cars which are loaded with guns of Fifteenth Indian Battery, Nos. 278, 238, 2256, 2238, 2342, and 2872; the horses will be loaded as soon as the Third Division battery get out of the way.

ALONZO D. HARVEY,

Captain and Chief of Artillery, Second Division.

