
247.] ZANESVILLE, OHIO, January 30, 1865-6. 30 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Bellaire:

The last train is about leaving Barnesville. We will send it forward as fast as possible. I am glad the thing is about over. Goodbye.

D. W. CALDWELL.

248.]

ORDERS.] ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, U. S. A.,

Wheeling, W. Va., January 30, 1865-6. 30 p. m.

To officers in charge of troops or animals belonging to the Twenty-third Army Corps now at Bridgeport or Wheeling.

All animals must be unloaded to-night and placed in the corral, where they must be fed, watered, and ready to load on the cars by 7 o'clock in the morning. All troops will be provided with four days' rations before leaving Columbus or Benwood. All troops and horses will be in the cars and leave here for Benwood by 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. At Benwood the trains will be made up and accompanied by infantry escort, now in readiness on cars at that place.

By order Major-General Couch:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

249.] BALTIMORE, MD., January 30, 1865-9 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Bellaire, Ohio:

Yours of 11. 30 a. m., from Bellaire, received 9 p. m. Glad to hear favorably from you. Two-thirds of the entire movement now in Washington, and remainder moving successfully over line. Many of our train men and others have been frost-bitten, and several killed by accident and exhaustion, but no soldier frozen, and only one killed by breakage of a United States car, thirty miles from Baltimore, that threw three cars off the track. We have had great trouble in many ways with the Government cars. They are not adapted to our curves and grades. Weather is rapidly moderating here, and we all feel relieved as our heavy and responsible contract draws nigh its triumphant fulfillment. I want to shake hands with you over it when you return.

W. P. SMITH.

250.] WHEELING, January 31, 1865.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Grafton:

We dispatched the last of the troops and horses from Benwood at 1. 35 p. m., all in good order.

J. R. SHRODER.

CITY POINT, VA., February 3, 1865-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I think it advisable to request the Navy to keep two or three vessels patrolling between Cape Henry and Cape Fear during the transit of

