
Schofield's troops. It is barely possible for one of the enemy's privateers to get on that route and do us great injury. If you agree with me will you please request this?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 3, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Whig to-day has the following dispatch:

CHARLESTON, February 1.

There has been no movement of importance to-day. Prisoners taken vary in their statements of Sherman's destination. The enemy, it is reported, are burning all the good hourses along the route of their march.

The latest accounts from Wilmington represent all quiet there. It is generally believed that Mobile is soon to be attacked.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, February 3, 1865-5 p. m.

General HOWARD:

Your note and orders of last night were not received till a few moments ago. General Logan got here last night, and to-day drove the enemy from a position the other side of Duck Creek. General Williams brought up five brigades of Slocum's troops, but no late news of Slocum. Thinks he will have a hard time to get across Savannah River at all. I ordered Woods' division this morning to Angley's Post-Office, and John E. Smith is between. To-morrow the Fifteenth Corps will move on Buford's Bridge, which is also strongly defended, and I will order Williams toward Barnwell to the point marked Hayes. I will myself stop at Angley's Post-Office till I hear what progress is made to effect a lodgment across the Salkehatchie. General Wood is now at Angley's, and will lead to Buford's to-morrow. If Slocum were up I would move him to Barnwell at once, but can use Williams to produce the same effect.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Rivers' Bridge, February 3, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received. I was just on the point of starting one of my officers to you. Your disposition of the Fifteenth Corps is just as I desired it. Prisoners report that Stephen D. Lee's corps was with the forces over against us to-day, but it lacks confirmation.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

