
encamped as follows: The Second Division, with headquarters of the corps, at Loper's Cross-Roads; the Third Division at Owens' Cross-Roads; the First Division at or near Angley's Post-Office, covering the bridge over Jackson's Branch, which General Woods is instructed to rebuild. The divisions, it will be seen, are all encamped in position along the road running from Duck Branch Post-Office to Angley's Post-Office, between Coosawhatchie Swamp and Jackson's Branch.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Rivers' Bridge, S. C., February 3, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Blair's empty wagons will leave here at daylight to-morrow morning for Pocotaligo Landing, to load with subsistence stores. He has directed General Wood to send all his empty wagons for the same purpose at Whippy Swamp or Crockettville. He wishes you to send all the empty wagons of the other divisions of your command for the same purpose. One regiment from General Hazen's division, with the one from General Woods' division, will be sufficient guard. General Mower succeeded in driving the enemy from Rivers' Bridge this evening, and now occupies their position. It is reported that Buford's Bridge was burned this evening, and the enemy evacuated the position. The general wishes you to send two brigades of General Woods' division to that point to-morrow morning to occupy that point and rebuild the bridge, leaving one brigade at Angley's Post-Office until you come up, when it will follow. Angley's Post-Office is the same as Barker's Mill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, FIFTEENTH CORPS,

In the Field, S. C., February 3, 1865.

Major WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of transportation belonging to this corps and its distribution, in compliance with your request of the 2nd instant: Corps headquarters, 10 wagons, 2 ambulances; detachment supply train, 34 wagons; First Division, 199 wagons, 38 ambulances; Second Division, 146 wagons, 32 ambulances; Third Division, 153 wagons, 30 ambulances; Fourth Division, 190 wagons, 40 ambulances; Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry, 2 wagons, 1 ambulance; signal corps, 2 wagons; Artillery Brigade, 58 wagons, 1 ambulance. Total, 794 wagons, 144 ambulances. Captain Lynch, assistant quartermaster, has been ordered to transfer the wagons of the ordnance train of the Artillery Brigade to the several divisions, and the ambulance to the ambulance corps.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps.

