
and the city turned over to my command. I will accordingly execute the other as soon as I am placed in command and report the action at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Savannah, January 9, 1865.

General L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster, Savannah:

GENERAL: I have undertaken to send the families from Savannah to Charleston, and have fixed Wednesday, the 11th instant, to take them on board at our wharves. Captain Audenried, of my staff, will conduct the business, and I will authorize any expense necessary to carry out the undertaking. Please give public notice that the families who choose to leave Savannah under existing orders will be transported to Charleston, and that a steamer will receive them at such a time at such a dock on Wednesday. Place the steamer at the disposal of Captain Audenried. I think the admiral would cheerfully give you the use of the Harvest Moon, and Captain Audenried can relieve you of all details by simply giving him the necessary means and authority.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, Ga., January 9, 1865.

Major General J. WHEELER, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Yours of January 8, with dispatches inclosed, is received. I will send the families, as requested, to Charleston Harbor, and give public notice that a steamer will take them on board here on Wednesday, and suppose they can reach the anchorage off Charleston next day; but should any delay occur it will arise from the endless excuses made by ladies, which General Hardee will understand. I will order my quartermaster to have a steamer at the wharf all Wednesday, to transport families to Charleston, to carry a small guard and flag to our gun-boat anchorage, and thence to such point as the naval commander may suggest.

Very truly, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Savannah, Ga., Numbers 7. January 9, 1865.

I. The First Regiment Alabama Cavalry Volunteers, Colonel George E. Spencer commanding is hereby relieved from duty with the Depart-

