
General Ward and General Jackson will each send out at daylight all of their pioneers to repair the road.

General Jackson will dispose of his troops along the column so as to cover the trains of one of General Ward's brigades. General Ward will march two unencumbered brigades in the advance.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Sister's Ferry, Ga., February 3, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL; The major-general commanding directs that you move your command immediately in rear of the cavalry train, and that you rejoin the Twentieth Corps, marching steadily night and day, by way of Lawtonville and Duck Branch Post-Office. The cavalry is now crossing the pontoon bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Duck Branch Post-Office, February 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL; In consideration of the bad weather, the general has sent word to your pioneers that they need not break up their camp to-night unless they have already one so, telling them at the same time to be here by daylight in the morning, when the general desires to have them report to Major Stephenson, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, who has been placed in charge of all the pioneers for the day. They will report at the cross-roads just back from these headquarters, the one General Robinson went out on.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,River's Bridge, February 3, 1865.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I send you some seventy or eighty wounded. We carried this evening the works in our front at this place, and have effected a lodgment on the other bank of the Salkehatchie. The work was done by two divisions of General Blair's corps. I think the enemy's position at this brigade the strongest I ever saw. Mower and his men have shown indomitable energy as well as confident gallantry. Giles A.

