
Smith also led his division across the swamp and the river at another place, creating a diversion that enabled Mower to succeed without the enemy being re-enforced. Please do what you can for our poor fellows.

Very truly, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Pocotaligo, S. C., February 3, 1865.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: General Porter has handed me a letter received by him relative to the withdrawal of the Naval Brigade from this command, in which Commander Preble is censured for withdrawing without orders from these headquarters. In a letter from department headquarters dated December 13, 1864, I was informed that the brigade would be called for other service and directed to send it whenever you expressed a desire for its return. I only regretted that by leaving during my absence I was deprived of the opportunity of informing them of the high estimation in which they were held, not only by myself but the entire command. You will confer on me a favor by announcing to the brigade that its gallantry in action and good conduct during the irksome life in camp won from all the land forces with which it served the highest praise. The officers, for their gentlemanly bearing and strict attention to duty, received from all the credit justly their due. The harmony that prevailed throughout the command proved that it any jealousy had previously existed between the different branches of the service all that was wanting to efface it was a better knowledge of each other. To Commander Preble, Captains Matthews, O'Kane, and Crosman and Lieutenant Stoddard, with whom I was myself more immediately brought in contact, I give my warmest thanks for the support rendered me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 29. Hilton Head, S. C., February 3, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VI. The detachment of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry now on duty at this post will proceed at once to Pocotaligo, with five days' rations, and report to General Hatch for duty in the field. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

THORNDIKE D. HODGES,Captain, 35th U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adj. General

HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Pocotaligo, S. C., February 3, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, BEAUFORT DISTRICT,

Department of the South:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to place, with as little delay as possible, one regiment of

