
troops on the mainland at the end of the causeway at Port Royal Ferry. They will take with them intrenching tools, to be used in constructing a bridge-head. You will please return by bearer an answer to this communication, stating at what time the troops will be at the point designated. The brigadier-general commanding also directs me to say that if you doubt his authority for giving these instructions you will please communicate with department headquarters on the subject. Please, also, to furnish these headquarters with the number of effective men of your command, not including those actually serving on Edisto Island.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass., Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Washington, D. C., February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: You will please procedd without delay to Annapolis, Md., and report for duty to Brigadier General T. F. Meagher, commanding Provisional Division of the Armies of the Tennessee and Cumberland. If General Meagher be not at Annapolis you will assume command of all the troops at that place belonging to his division and conduct them to New Berne, N. C., reporting on arrival at Beaufort to Brigadier General I. N. Palmer for further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, No. 6. Steamship Atlantic, February 3, 1865.

I. The several steamers containing the portions of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, now lying at Alexandria, will sail to-morrow morning, 4th instant, at daylight. The commanding officer of senior rank will be responsible for all the troops on board each vessel respectively, and after entering Chesapeake Bay will instruct the master of the fleet will rendezvous and await further orders. The destination of the command will be kept secret by the several commanding officers until communicated to the masters of vessels as above ordered.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 3, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

According to the estimate of Captain Blodgett, assistant quartermaster, there is now transportation at this point for 7,400 men in all, 1,855 of this number being now on board. A steamer that lefr Baltimore

