
more at noon yesterday with 450 men put back on account of ice. General Meagher went to Baltimore yesterday. If troops are coming here by rail I think that the Government should take entire control of the road from Annapolis Junction.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 3, 1865.

(Received 9 a. m. 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

One of General Schofield's brigades arrived at 5. 30 p. m., and is being embarked. I understand from here that this command was to be shipped separate from any of Meagher's troops, and I so informed Captain Blodgett. Many of these transports have no bunks, and I do not think they can carry the number of men estimated; for example, the Creole and Nevada, estimated to carry 1,000 men each, are very much crowded with 700 men each. These ships were selected for Schofield's troops. The steamer John Rice has not arrived. Colonel Casement, commanding brigade of Schofield's corps, expects orders as to his movement after embarkation. His troops will be on board by 12 o'clock to-night.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 4, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following dispatch is taken from to-day's Richmond Whig.

CHARLESTON, February 2, 1865.

A dispatch from Broxton's Bridge, dated 7. 40 last night, says the enemy advanced to-day across Whippy Swamp, driving in our cavalry on our left, six miles from this place. They are supposed to be in heavy force. There is a column of cavalry on the Augusta road moving rapidly for some unknown point. Whippy Swamp is about thirty miles northwest of Pocotaligo, and about the same distance southwest of Branchville. Before reaching the latter place Sherman's troops will have to cross several tributaries of the Combahee as well as the Edisto River.

Later. -The enemy have possession of McBride's Bridge, and skirmishing is going on in front of Broxton's Bridge. The enemy are certainly moving on Branchville.

A dispatch from Adams' Run says that the enemy came up in two barges to Young's Island yesterday about noon, and drove in our pickets. They fired several bridges on plantations, and retired this morning.

Three steamers are off White Point, and a landing is threatened.

Adams' Run is about twenty miles southwest of Charleston.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 31. Rivers' Bridge, S. C., February 4, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. The following will be the order of march for to-morrow: The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, and the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will

