
cross the Salkehatchie, the former at Buford's Bridge and the latter at Rivers' Bridge, and go into camp on each side of the road on the first favorable ground, with the exception of one division of each corps, which will move out and encamp at a distance of three of four miles from the river. The movement will be made as early as possible, so as to enable the men to wash and that those regiments that desire it may have divine service.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 12. Angley's Post-Office, S. C., February 4, 1865.

This campaign will bring the troops of the army in constant proximity to the light troops of the enemy, and the utmost caution is enjoined upon the entire command at all times. Whenever any party of any size is on or off picket the utmost precaution of a regular advance should be observed, and arms ready for use always carried, and to this end the riding in vehicles, excepting the sick, is prohibited. A strict observance of the above by every officer and soldier of the command will save the division many valuable men.

To be read to every regiment and detachment.

By order of Major General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., February 4, 1865.

Captain H. R. BENJAMIN,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster:

You will immediately hitch up your trains preparatory to moving across the river, and will move without further orders as soon as General Geary's command, now passing, has crossed, following directly in his rear. It will therefore be necessary to either go yourself or send one of your officers to ascertain when his command is out of your way.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., February 4, 1865.

Colonel R. N. ADAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

You will instruct the commanding officer of the Twelfth Illinois Infantry Volunteers to hold his regiment in readiness to move to the front at 3 o'clock this p. m., armed and equipped, and supplied with fifty axes and twenty-five spades.

It is the intention to throw him in advance of the trains.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

