
point indicated in the instructions sent this p. m., these operations giving you probably a clear road. It is reported that Wheeler has passed around our front across the Salkehatchie. Please communicate with General Slocum the progress made, and our present situation, and the fact of our being in possession of the Salkehatchie, given by Mower's assault to-day; also such other items as will be information for him. We will move as indicated.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Send substance of this to Slocum. I think you had better send the bulk of your train under small escort by the direct road to Buford's Bridge, to which point you may conduct your command around by Allendale Post-Office and Arnold Church, making as much display as possible. Take enough wagons and artillery with you to forage good, and try and be at Buford's Bridge to-morrow night, so as you can pass the Salkehatchie then without fail. There, probably, we shall move without waiting for Slocum, though I want Kilpatric up as quick as possible, but he should swing around to Barnwell, but not farther west without orders.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Duck Branch Post-Office, February 4, 1865-6 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I send herewith copies of two dispatches just received from General Sherman. * They give the orders for the movements of my command. We arrived at this place at 2 p. m. yesterday, and immediately communicated with General Sherman, who had reached this road on the north side of the Coosawhatchie. I send with these dispatches Lieutenant Mickle, acting assistant adjutant-general of the Artillery Brigade, who will give you any information regarding the roads, &amp;c., to this place. We found them better than expected, and have repaired all the bad places. We have no ammunition for artillery, except that in the chests, our train being all with Geary's division. I particularly desire that you will have a sufficient number of wagons of the artillery ammunition train crossed to supply the three batteries now with me, and send it under a strong escort of the Twentieth Corps troops to join me, via Buford's Bridge. I would like to have my headquarters train sent forward also. Geary's division, I suppose, will rejoin the command as soon as he can be crossed over the Savannah.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Allendale, S. C., February 4, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow via Arnold Church, toward Buford's Bridge, as follows: First Division at 7 a. m. Third Division

---------------

*See Howard to Sherman, February 3, p. 286, and Dayton to Williams, next, ante.

---------------

