
steamer Louise has arrived for the purpose of transferring it to Florida, and as the regiment will be near Port Royal Ferry, the brigadier-general commanding thought best to use the steamer Louise to transfer the wounded who have arrived from General Sherman's front to the hospital at Beaufort, there being no suitable accommodations here. The Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops will be ordered to march to Beaufort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 4, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

District of Beaufort, S. C.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you furnish from the force under your command to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding Coast Division, such companies as he may need for military operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, 35th U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 4, 1865.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Beaufort, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that General Sherman, with the Right Wing of his army, moved from Pocotaligo on the morning of the 1st instant, the Seventeenth Corps taking the road to the right, nearest the Salkehatchie, and the Fifteenth Corps the road to the left. This wing made thirty-two miles in two days, and on the evening of the 2nd instant General Sherman's headquarters were at The Store, at the cross-roads near Duck Bridge, over the Coosawhatchie. General Slocum, who had marched from Savannah with the Left Wing, had not, up to yesterday (the 3rd), succeeded in completing his bridge across the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry, for the purpose of advancing by the way of Robertsville and Duck Bridge. This may delay General Sherman somewhat. He will, however, in a day or two strike the railroad west of Branchville, and after destroying it will cross the Edisto. There he will probably meet with opposition, and it is possible that he may find a portion of Hood's army in his front. General Sherman desires me to press upon you again the necessity of carrying out your part of the programme as soon as you can do so effectively. He wants you to take Goldsborough and hold it if possible. If you cannot do this, to hold Kinston and as much of the railroad beyond as possible. Circumstances favoring you, he hopes you may be also able to take Raleigh and Wilmington. He does not want you to wait for his movements in your advance, but to commence your movements as soon as you can get ready. General Sherman attaches great importance to the effect that your advance will produce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

