SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 19. Steamship Atlantic, February 4, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. Major T. J. Milholland, One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant inspector-general, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and will report to his regimental commander for duty. This order to date January 13, 1865.

III. Captain L. A. Burke, Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, is hereby appointed acting assistant inspector-general, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, to date from January 13, 1865.

IV. Captain John Corbin, Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, is hereby appointed acting assistant inspector-general, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, to date from January 13, 1865.

* * * * * *

VII. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Schofield, chief of artillery, Army of the Ohio, will establish his office in the city of Washington, D. C., for the purpose of reorganizing and refitting the field artillery of the Twenty-third Army Corps and will remain there until further orders. This order to date from January 24, 1865.

VIII. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Schofield, chief of artillery, Army of the Ohio, will proceed to Baltimore, Md., and the city of New York on business connected with the artillery of the Twenty-third Army Corps, on the completion of which he will return to Washington City. This order to date from February 2, 1865.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Steamship Atlantic, February 4, 1865.

The following regulations will be strictly observed by the officers and men of this command during the present voyage:

1. No open lights will be allowed in any part of the ship occupied by troops. The ship's lanterns will be arranged by the officers of the vessel in such way as to light the decks during the night, and must not be opened or interfered with by the men.

2. No smoking will be allowed in any part of the vessel used for sleeping, except the open decks. The men may smoke in the open air upon the upper decks, and the brigade commander will provide for giving proper airing and opportunity to smoke to the men quartered below. Officers will smoke either upon deck or in the smoking-room, near the water-closets.

3. The division and brigade commissaries will make arrangements with the steward of the ship for cooking the men's coffee and doing other necessary cooking for the command, and for serving the same out at regular hours.

4. The canteens of the men may be filled with drinking water once each day, the men being marched by companies under their proper officers to the pump in the fore part of the ship for that purpose.

5. The brigade commander, in consultation with the commander of the ship, will arrange for the perfect and regular policing of the quarters, sinks, &amp;c.

