
6. The starboard side of the upper and main decks, abaft the engine, will be kept clear of men and reserved for the use of officers, both of the command and of the ship, during the day, and such portion of this space as may necessarily be occupied by the men for sleeping at night will have a passage kept entirely clear for the use of the officers and crew of the vessel in working her at night. No men will at any time be allowed to go upon the roofs of the houses on the upper deck.

7. Proper roll-calls will be established, and the line officers will be strictly required to attend them and to make close personal inspections daily of the condition of their men, and to be personally in command of them when marched out for water or coffee, or when on duty.

8. An officer of the day will be daily appointed by the brigade commanders, and shall have full charge of the execution of this order and supervision of all the police arrangements of the command. Proper line officers will be detailed on guard duty, and sentries will be regularly posted at the bulkhead of the ship store-room on the forward lower deck, at the sinks, over the lights at night, and on the middle line of the decks reserved under paragraph 6.

9. The officer of the day, after reporting at brigade headquarters each day, will report to the captain of the ship, in order that the ship's officers may know to whom to apply for any enforcement of these regulations.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 4, 1865--11. 30 a.m.

Colonel CASEMENT,

Annapolis, Md.:

Your brigade will go to Fort Fisher or Cape Fear River, land, and send back the transports.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 4, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The brigade is embarked. I have no further instructions. What shall I do?

J. S. CASEMENT,

Colonel, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, February 4, 1865.

Colonel J. S. CASEMENT,

Commanding Brigade, Annapolis:

Written orders were given Captain Rhodes. If you have not them report with your command at mouth of Potomac for further orders, steamer Atlantic.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

