
propriety of furnishing this information. He has selected a steamer for his headquarters, and directed her to be kept empty till certain troops arrive. I will disregard this arrangement.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865--3. 30 p.m.

(Received 4. 10 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please inform me what portion of General Schofield's command, if any, has sailed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 5, 1865--6. 30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

One division of the Twenty-third Corps sailed yesterday, numbering 5,000 or 6,000. Also over 2,000 of Meagher's division are off. The remainder of his force will embark as soon as they can be collected. They are in utter confusion, and he seems to be ignorant of what troops he has, or where they are. It is strange that General Thomas should have instructed men to such an officer.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT FISHER, February 5, 1865.

(Via Fort Monroe, 9. 30 a.m., 7th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A dispatch from one of General Foster's staff to Schofield, dated February 2, states that Sherman with his troops started February 1 to move rapidly into the interior of South Carolina. Other information is that he had previously been at Pocotaligo. None of Schofield's troops have yet arrived, and all quiet except that the navy occasionally shell Fort Anderson. Loud cheering last night along the rebel line was thought by General Paine to indicate re-enforcements. All quiet, and warm weather.

C. B. COMSTOCK.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Rivers' Bridge, S. C., February 5, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have delayed issuing an order, hoping to hear from you, but thinking you might have depended on what you said to me yesterday, I have now issued it. In case you wish to suspend or modify, please do so to General Logan and send me word by my staff officer.

