
Lieutenant McQueen found the bridges burned across the Little Salkehatchie and swamps, and the enemy on the other side. It was this information that determined me only to attempt the Little Salkehatchie to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. --General Blair moved over to-day as directed.

Respectfully,

O. O. H.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Buford's Bridge, S. C., February 5, 1865.

General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick is now up to Allendale Post-Office, and will move to-morrow on Barnwell, and thence to join us about Bamberg. I wish your wing to move now with all expedition consistent with due caution and make a strong lodgment on the South Carolina road anywhere from Graham's to the Edisto. I will instruct General Williams to cross here and move four miles toward Barnwell, and thence follow cross-roads in the direction of Graham's Station. I suppose you will move the Seventeenth Corps direct on Midway and the Fifteenth on Bamberg. I will attend the Fifteenth Corps.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 32. Rivers' Bridge, S. C., February 5, 1865.

I. There being an insufficient number of maps of the State of South Carolina for distribution to the army, all captured maps of the State, or any part of it, or those that may be hereafter captured, will be turned over to division commanders, and by them forwarded to the chief engineer of the department at these headquarters, unless absolutely required for their own use, that they may be properly distributed.

II. The object of to-morrow's movement, which will commence at 7 a.m., will be to secure the line of the Little Salkehatchie River. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move on the Buford's Bridge and Lowry's Station or Bamberg road, the head of column reaching to the cross-roads at Duncanville, securing, if possible, the crossings of both branches of the Little Salkehatchie. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, will move on the road on which the command is now encamped, cross the Little Salkehatchie, and take up a strong position beyond. It will be well to move to the river by two routes, one division, followed by department headquarters and bridge train, by the direct route, and the other two divisions by a cross-road to the right, to the Broxton's Bridge and Midway road. The two routes come together at the Little Salkehatchie

