
2. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command forward at 7 a.m. on the direct Rivers' Bridge and Midway road. The train of department headquarters and the bridge train will follow the Fourth Division.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will be prepared to move at 8 a.m. and will follow the Fourth Division, to the point where the Third Division, is now encamped, where he will take the right-hand road and follow that division. A staff officers will be left at this point to direct him.

4. The train of these headquarters will follow the troops of the Third Division.

5. The detachment of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,* now in camp, will move in advance of the Third Division, scouting well down all roads leading to the right.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 28. In the Field, S. C., February 5, 1865.

This command will march at 7 a.m. to-morrow in the following order: First, First Brigade; second, Battery Fifteenth Ohio; third, Second Brigade. Ambulances and trains as usual.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. In the Field, S. C., February 5, 1865.

I. The attention of brigade commanders is called to the fact that many of their men indulge in the unmilitary and disgraceful habit of straggling. We are now entering upon another campaign into the enemy's country, where our own safety and that of the whole army depends upon the men being kept together and under their proper officers. When forage details are sent out they must be in charge of competent commissioned officers, and in no case will forage details be sent from any regiment or brigade of this command without such officer in command. Brigade commanders will take the necessary steps to prevent straggling, enforce obedience to this order, and will be held strictly responsible for every man lost through neglect of its provisions.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Carlin:

J. E. EDMONDS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Bufort's Bridge, S. C., February 5, 1865.

General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: The Right Wing of the army will move early to-morrow against the South Carolina Railroad in the neighborhood of Bamberg.

---------------

*Mounted infantry.

---------------

