
crossing the main body before to-day. I sent information to General Slocum through General Easton this morning of the taking of Rivers' Bridge by Blair's corps.

With great respect, and kindest regards, ever yours, most truly,

J. G. FOSTER.

BEAUFORT, S. C., February 5, 1865.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant. In reply I have to say that I understood you to refuse all the verbal requests I made of you during our interview. As they are all I have to make at present, I could see no object in placing them before you in writing, and I had decided not to do so. As you request them in writing, I respectfully submit them:

First. I have the honor to request the detail of two officers to assist me in the colonization of the freedmen. Second. That an order may be issued to the district commanders in the department instructing them to honor my passes to my assistants and the freedmen to go to different points in the department, given in the discharge of my duty under this order, and also on the Government transports when it can be done without injury to the service. Third. The organization and enlistment of colored recruits having been placed in my hands, that I may be recognized as charged with this duty. Your order of January 30, 1865, to Bvt. Brigadier General M. S. Littlefield places the matter entirely in his hands. I respectfully request that he be ordered to report to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 9, 1865.

Referred to Major-General Gillmore for his action.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 5, 1865.

Major C. W. THOMAS,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the South:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding has left with me the following instructions, and directs that they be sent to you for your information and guidance: First. The steamers Savannah and Augusta are to be turned over to Ensign Neil for temporary duty as picket boats and in landing troops as soon as possible. These boats are to follow to Folly Island. Second. Send mail to General Foster at Morris Island, or beyond, as soon as it arrives. Third. Use every exertion to fill promptly all the requirements of General Sherman's army. Fourth. See that the schooner, with the 30-pounder Parrotts on board, is towed to Folly Island as soon as the ammunition is on board. Fifth. The Delaware to be sent to report to General Foster as soon as ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

