HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Steamship Atlantic, February 5, 1865.

CAPTAIN STEAMSHIP ATLANTIC:

SIR: Major-General Schofield directs that you put in at Fortress Monroe, where you will receive no board your vessel a quantity of ammunition; after which you will proceed to Fort Fisher, N. C., debark your troops and cargo, and report to the general quartermaster, as directed in your order of February 3, from office of depot quartermaster at Alexandria, Va.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Fort Monroe, February 5, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of an order constituting the Department of North Carolina. * I will issue an order assuming command after my arrival at Fort Fisher, for which place I will start to-morrow morning. My headquarters will be in the field with the troops operating against Wilmington. I have ordered to New Berne, to report to you, a division under Brigadier General T. F. Meagher, about 5,000 strong. It has probably started from Annapolis by this time. That division is composed of detachments from General Sherman's army. If any troops of the Twenty-third Corps stop at Beaufort send them forward to Fort Fisher. I will run up and see you or send you further instructions in a few days. Meanwhile make all preparations to advance to Kinston and repair the railroad between that place and New Berne. Send the pontoon train to Cape Fear River at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

ANNAPOLIS, February 5, 1865--11 a.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Casement's brigade left yesterday. Two steamers with General Meagher's men will be off this forenoon. The senior officer has orders from Meagher to proceed with these troops to Beaufort and to wait there for his arrival. Shall they wait at Beaufort, or shall each load proceed from Beaufort to New Berne? General Schofield's orders say that Meagher's Provisional Division will "move to Beaufort, and thence by rail to New Berne, N. C., and join the command of General Palmer, to whom General Meagher will report, on his arrival at Beaufort, for further orders. " There are about 200 convalescents and stragglers in Camp Parole belonging to Twenty-third Corps.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 179.

---------------

