
ANNAPOLIS, February 5, 1865--1 p.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The Catawba and Alhambra are getting under way, 1,932 men on board, making in all 2,167 of his [Meagher's] men that have been started; 800 men are on the steamer New York, and I understand that 1,000 are now en route from Baltimore. We do not know how many more are at Baltimore.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 5, 1865--4 p.m.

Major R. N. SCOTT,

Annapolis:

You will direct, in my name, the commanding officer on each transport to report by telegraph to General Palmer at New Berne, and to proceed to that place by railroad as rapidly as transportation can be obtained. No one will wait for General Meagher's arrival, and if such orders have been given they will be countermanded. New Berne is the destination of these troops, not Beaufort, and there must be no unnecessary delay at the latter place. Give the proper orders to the commander of each transport without regard to any orders of General Meagher.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ANNAPOLIS, February 5, 1865--4 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Eight hundred and fifty men have just arrived by railroad from Baltimore. Have been twenty-four hours en route. Steamer New York will be fitted up and started as soon as possible. In addition to his own brigade, Colonel Casement took about 100 stragglers and convalescents found here belonging to his division. There are still about 200 such men here belonging to Twenty-third Corps, and one or two officers.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Richmond Dispatch to-day says that a rumor was current yesterday that Sherman had reached and was destroying the railroad at Midway, ten miles west of Branchville. The Whig, however, says that the rumor was without foundation, as the tenor of official dispatches received at the War Department last evening renders it certain that such was not the case. On Saturday telegraphic communication was temporarily suspended with Augusta, but was resumed on yesterday.

