
The Whig remarks that a repulse of Sherman, who is now apparently presumptuous on account of his unimpeded march through Georgia, would work wonders in bringing the North to its senses. The Confederate generals and the men under their commands on his front are commissioners to whose pacific exertions the country may well look with anxious and prayerful solicitude. *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865--10. 30 a.m.

(Received 11. 15 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

If Meagher has lost his men it will be well to send some officer from Washington to look after them and relieve Meagher. If he has lost his men it will afford a favorable pretext for doing what the service would have lost nothing by having done long ago--dismissing him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 6, 1865--2. 35 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Ord is assigned as requested. + Before your telegram to the Secretary, General Gillmore had been sent South to relieve General Foster. I think his familiarity with that part of the coast and the defenses of Charleston render him most suitable for that command. ++

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, February 6, 1865.

Colonel POE:

The Fifteenth Corps moves early to-morrow on Lowry's Station. Please see that the engineer regiment falls in with the leading division, provided with one wagon load of their tools for destroying road. After a breach is made I will give orders for parties to work right and left, and desire the engineers to confine their attention to the twist. The two leading divisions of the Fifteenth Corps will move without wagons, other than ambulances and a few with cartridges.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*For part of dispatch here omitted, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 414.

+To the Department of Virginia.

++For portion of dispatch here omitted, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 415.

---------------

