
COWPEN FORD, February 6, 1865--11 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: We have possession of east bank of the Little Salkehatchie and the enemy's rifle-pits, after a slight skirmish. Seven bridges are destroyed, but we can repair them in a short time, probably two hours.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Major General William T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that upon further inspection he is satisfied that it will take much longer to repair the bridges across the Little Salkehatchie than stated above. It will be all we can do to get the command across to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. STRONG,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, February 6, 1865.

General HOWARD:

The Fifteenth Corps is crossing Little Salkehatchie, and will move out to the forks of the road marked Duncanville. To-morrow early will move on the railroad about Bamberg. Move early on the same point. It has just begun to rain. Williams will be at this crossing, and I expect Kilpatrick to strike the road about 8 a.m. to-morrow about Blackville. All well.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cowpen Ford, S. C., February 6, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The march to-day has been delayed on account of the bridges at this point. They were absolutely destroyed, every stringer being either burned or cut in two. The longest bridge was sixty-six feet in length. Total amount rebuilt, 262 feet. I have pushed but one division over, keeping the other two on this side. From the former reconnaissances have been pushed out to Lemon's Creek. It took us five hours to rebuild the bridges. Inclosed please find a copy of my order of march for to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. --The bridges at Lemon's Creek and Swamp are reported destroyed, and some force, probably that which left here to-day, on the other side.

