
[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 33. Cowpen Ford, S. C., February 6, 1865.

The movement for to-morrow will commence at 7 a.m. The Fifteenth Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will march as rapidly as possible to Bamberg, pass the railroad, and take up a strong position and intrench at least two divisions. The Seventeenth Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will push to Midway, cross the railroad at that point, and intrench strongly, making a strong right flank. Department headquarters will follow the leading division of the Seventeenth Corps. The bridge train will follow the second division in the order of march. The trains to-morrow night will be closely and carefully parked. The pickets of the two corps must connect. A strong force of pioneers must be kept at the head of each column, so as to repair bridges and clear away obstructions with the greatest rapidity. All foraging parties will be kept well in hand, and all straggling completely repressed.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LANE'S BRIDGE, February 6, 1865--2. 40 [p.m.].

General HOWARD:

At 1. 30 o'clock we drove the enemy from his works on the other bank of Little Salkehatchie, and now have possession of the two roads, two miles beyond, leading to Bamberg and Graham's, one division occupying same. Will have all my command over the river to-night, but it will be late, as we have to finish a bridge some 100 feet long. Will take possession of the crossing over the next stream to-night.

Respectfully,

J. A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fire Miles from Bamberg, February 6, 1865.

General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Corps:

GENERAL: You may make your orders and march to-morrow on Lowry's Station, South Carolina Railroad, and make a strong lodgment and break up the road. Inasmuch as the enemy must by this time have detected our plan, you should be prepared for battle. You know that the Seventeenth Corps is approaching Midway by the road from Rivers' Bridge and should now be within eight miles. You have only five miles to Bamberg and one at Lowry's. Williams is just behind you, and Kilpatrick is supposed to be at Barnwell and has orders to strike the railroad about Blackville and turn to Bamberg. Williams is ordered to move straight on Graham's Station unless he hears you engaged, when he will turn to your left flank. You had better march with two divisions, disencumbered of all wagons save a few with cartridges and the ambulances, and let your train follow to any point you

