
2. Major General Joseph A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division, being prepared to move at 8 a.m.

3. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division, being prepared to move at 9 a.m.

4. The bridge train will follow the train of the First Division.

5. The trains of department headquarters and of these headquarters will follow the troops of the Fourth Division.

6. In addition to his pioneer corps, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith will move near the head of his column two companies of the pioneer battalion serving with him.

7. Forage parties will be kept well together and all possible precautions taken to prevent straggling.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Millersville Post-Office, S. C., February 6, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Being instructed by General Howard, as I was about moving the division over, to reconnoiter well to the front on the Midway road and prevent the burning of any more bridges, I at once sent out the Twelfth Wisconsin (Colonel Proudfit) and Captain Munson, of my staff. They reached Lemon's Swamp, about five miles out, after dark. The four small bridges were already in flames, and the road through the swamp obstructed by felled trees. An observing force of the enemy appear to be posted beyond the swamp. The road between this and the swamp requires corduroying in several places. The Twelfth Wisconsin is returning to camp. It is said that there is a work on this side of the Edisto defending the railroad bridge. No other works on the railroad between the Edisto and Midway. General Hardee was in Augusta last Thursday.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Six Miles North of Robertsville, S. C., February 6, 1865--7 a.m.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the road on this side of Robertsville is good. General Geary will get within a few miles of Lawtonville to-night. There are no supplies on this road, and it is doubtful whether there are any on roads to the left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

