
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Sister's Ferry, S. C., February 6, 1865.

Movements for to-morrow, February 7:

General Carlin will march from Brighton, his present position, by the most direct route to Lawtonville.

General Baird will move from his present position to Brighton.

General Morgan will remain in his present position at Sister's Ferry until his trains are properly loaded. He will, at 6 a.m. to-morrow, relieve the battery of reserve artillery now in position on the bank of the river with the battery attached to his command.

Major Houghtaling, chief of artillery, will move his command for Brighton at 7 a.m. to-morrow, in rear of General Baird.

Colonel Moore will at once take up his pontoons and move his command in the rear of Major Houghtaling in the morning to Brighton.

Corps headquarters will be to-morrow night at Brighton.

All wagons not now loaded will remain and come forward with General Morgan's command.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Sister's Ferry, S. C., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you march at once, taking the direct road to Robertsville; there you will take the left-hand road toward Brighton, and encamp to-night at or near that point. From there it is the desire of the general commanding to advance in the general direction of Barnwell and Buford's Bridge. He desires you to obtain all the information possible in regard to the two roads from Brighton to those points with a view to deciding which it will be preferable for the main column to pursue. You will thoroughly repair the roads upon your line of march, and in case the pontoons should be required send back word immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Little Salkehatchie River, S. C., February 6, 1865.

This command will march toward Graham's Station on the South Carolina Railroad, as follows: First Division at 7 a.m. ; Third Division at 7. 30 a.m. The two brigades of the First Division, with one brigade of the Third Division, will march unencumbered in the advance. The other two brigades of the Third Division will cover the whole corps train. The trains, which to-day marched in rear of the Fifteenth Corps, will rejoin their respective divisions. One battery of artillery will march in rear of the leading brigade, one in rear of the center one of the advanced brigades, one section in rear of the third of the advanced

