
to the other side of the river. The other smaller bridge can be destroyed at any time. A reconnaissance was also sent to the railroad bridge, but it has not been heard from. It is understood, however, that the enemy has had it prepared to be destroyed for several days past. At daylight to-morrow morning I will send a force to Walker's Bridge. Prisoners from S. D. Lee's corps say that Hood went through to Richmond on a train. I write you before hearing from the other reconnaissance, thinking that you might wish to modify General Logan's order to move on Cannon's Bridge.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Midway, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Blair's head of column reached here about 2 p.m. He found three large bridges destroyed and the roads made horrible by the rain, so that it will be difficult to get up the trains, though the obstructions have been removed, the bridges rebuilt, and the troops are getting through. I have two prisoners from Palmer's brigade, Stevenson's division, Lee's corps. They don't know whether their whole division is through to Augusta or not. A part of it is at Branchville. Please open communication by telegraph, as the wires are in order. A prisoner from Hampton's command wants to see you, and I send him up. Your dispatch is just translated. I will comply with your request. How much time can you afford me to do the work in this vicinity before moving?

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's, February 7, 1865.

General HOWARD:

I have just received your note. We will stay here all day to-morrow and until I can get all the army up within ordering distance. Williams is at Graham's, so we have full possession of the road for fifteen miles. Break to the river good and burn the bridge, if possible. Its guard is small; body a part of Lee's corps has come; we have divided the enemy. I do not propose to cross Edisto until we are up abreast of Blackville and White Pond or Windsor. Put in a good day's work to-morrow and have an inspector-general to see that every rail is bent around a post or is twisted by the process a la Poe.

Logan will maneuver on Cannon's Bridge and Williams will on Binnaker's. I want all these broken or burned good.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

