HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Lowry's, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, Lowry's:

GENERAL: In order that all our working forces may be directed to the best advantage in destroying railroads, I would respectfully request you to order as follows to the troops under your command, viz, that "the infantry details shall tear up the track and pile the superstructure after this manner: Three ties in the roadbed as they lie, one tie across these at each end, at right angles; six ties crosswise with these (right angles) with intervals to allow their being fired; then the iron laid on top, parallel with the railroad, but kindling wood and surplus ties on top of all. The piles to be fired by the infantry details, and the heated iron will then be twisted by the engineer troops. The piles should be about thirty-five feet apart. " By systematizing in this way the engine regiment can twist all the iron that can be taken up by your corps.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. POE,

Brevet Colonel and Chief Engineer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 38. Bamberg, S. C., February 7, 1865.

* * * * * *

III. The interests of the service require that hereafter all flour or meal obtained from the country by forage or other details should be turned in to the division commissaries, and by them regularly issued as a part of the ration. Division commanders are charged with the promulgation and enforcement of this order.

IV. Instances of pillaging have come to the attention of the general commanding. The practice is disgraceful in the extreme. No man will be permitted to enter an occupied dwelling house or molest in any way the inhabitants of the country, and particularly are they forbidden from wantonly taking the few rags belonging to the poor negroes, who have in so many instances befriended our soldiers on their escape from rebel prisons. This order will be read to every regiment, battery, and detachment in the command, and every man found disobeying the same will be arrested and punished in such manner as may seem best to his division commander, who will please report the fact of the arrest and punishment after both shall have been accomplished.

* * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Lowry's, February 7, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will please as soon as practicable after the receipt of this have one of your brigades make a reconnaissance as far as Cannon's

