
Bridge, if practicable, the object being to discover whether the bridge is burned or not, what force of the enemy is there, and in what position, and how much work will be necessary to effect a crossing. Captain Klostermann, corps engineer officer, will accompany the brigade. Your brigade, which is now on the railroad, can be withdrawn and ordered to camp. You will please make a report of the reconnaissance promptly, if possible.

By command of Major-General Logan:

L. E. YORKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bamberg, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN M. OLIVER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with a request from Major-General Howard, the general commanding desires you to destroy a mile and a half of railroad from Bamberg toward Midway and the Edisto River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hickory Hill, S. C., February 7, 1865.

[General SHERMAN:]

DEAR GENERAL: I know not how anxious you may be to have me with you, but I assure you not more so than I am. Our roads have proven execrable. I worked all one day on a swamp about three and a half miles long. If I can get this bridge done to-day I will move heaven and earth to join you day after to-morrow, if you are not too far from me. Please let me know of your whereabouts as soon as practicable after the reception of this. Slocum is to-day about Duck Branch Post-Office with Geary; Davis is----God knows where, for the roads are such I have no doubt he is nearer the infernal regions than he ever was before. I hope you have a few green leaves of all the fresh wreaths you are winning left for.

Devotedly, yours,

CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's, February 7, 1865.

General CORSE:

DEAR GENERAL: We are on the railroad and the enemy has retreated across the Edisto. After crossing the Little Salkehatchie you had better send forward an officer to report, as you will save distance by moving to the northwest, as I propose breaking up a wide gap in this road from Edisto toward Augusta. This column meets no resistance worth mentioning. The Seventeenth Corps, or Mower's

