
division, had a smart fight to secure Rivers' Bridge across Big Salkehatchie and whipped the enemy handsomely. Roads are had and water abundant, above, below, and all around.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. In the Field, S. C., February 7, 1865.

The troops of this division will march at 7 a.m. to-morrow, the 8th instant, in the following order, on the road to Rivers' Bridge, viz: First, Lieutenant-Colonel Hughes, commanding Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, as an advance. Second. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams commanding, with one regiment thrown in rear of Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, which will invariably move within the advance brigade. Third. Third Brigade Infantry, Colonel Hurlbut commanding, who will extend his regiments to inclose as nearly as possible the ordnance and supply trains, the troops marching by the side of same. Fourth. Trains in same order as to-day, viz: 1st, ambulance; 2nd, ordnance; 3rd, supply train; 4th, brigade trains in the same order as brigades. Fifth. First Brigade Infantry, General Rice commanding. The troops and trains will be prompt, in order that there may be no delay in moving out on the road at the hour designated.

Commanding officers will give their personal attention to preventing all soldiers from leaving their commands or foraging, except they be properly detailed, as heretofore directed.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Midway, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Logan is now engaged destroying the railroad. He has been instructed to destroy it as far down as half way between this place and Bamberg. He wishes you to commence at as early an hour as possible to-morrow morning and destroy it, twisting every rail from the point to which General Logan will come down to the bridge over the Edisto.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 35. Midway, S. C., February 7, 1865.

The following are the orders for to-morrow:

1. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move one brigade and one section of artillery of his command at daylight to-morrow morning toward the railroad bridge on the Edisto

