
River, and if the bridge is not already burned he will make such demonstrations as will cause the enemy to destroy it, or if practicable, destroy it himself. He will then destroy the railroad from the bridge, or as near as practicable to it, to a point three miles and a half this side.

2. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will move forward the bridge of his command at Little Salkehatchie Rive at daylight to-morrow morning and encamp at the saw-mill half a mile south of this point, where two brigades of General Mower's command are now encamped.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will cause one brigade of his command to be moved to this point from the saw-mill at 7 a.m. to-morrow and set at work destroying the railroad, commencing at the depot and working to a point one mile and a half west of here. As soon as the brigade of the Third division has reached the saw-mill he will move the brigade remaining there to this point, and cause it to destroy from the depot east a distance of two miles.

4. The destruction of the road must be complete. Every tie must be burned and every rail twisted.

General Sherman intends to have the road inspected by the inspector-general's department after the work is done.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Midway, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders from Major General F. P. Blair, the Eleventh Iowa Infantry was ordered to the railroad bridge, and Lieutenant-Colonel Beach commanding reports as follows:

He moved his regiment to the bridge, exchanged a few shots with the enemy, who immediately fired the bridge. He then returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers --. Midway, S. C., February 7, 1865.

In pursuance of orders received from corps headquarters, the Third Brigade, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap commanding, and one section of First Minnesota Battery will move at daylight to-morrow morning toward the railroad bridge on the Edisto River, and if the bridge is not already burned he will make such demonstrations as will cause the enemy to destroy it, or, if practicable, destroy it himself. He will then thoroughly destroy the railroad three miles and a half this side, bunting every tie and twisting every rail. Further orders will be furnished him before the completion of the work.

GILES A. SMITH,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

