
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,February 7, 1865.

In pursuance of the within order, this command will move at 7 a.m. to-morrow. The pickets of the Sixteenth Iowa will remain where they are until further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Belknap:

O. D. KINSMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's, February 7, 1865.

General SLOCUM,

On the Road:

GENERAL: We are on the railroad and the enemy has retreated across the Edisto. I propose to break up road westward, so you may let Geary join Williams about Graham's, and let Davis take any road you may prefer to the left to reach the neighborhood of Blackville. You may send that corps (Fourteenth) through Barnwell for the sake of forage. We find plenty, but I fear we leave little behind us. Weather is villainous, but we can't help it and must do the best we can. Send back to Coosawhatchie fort, or any other point you may think best, the inclosed cipher messages to General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren. * Send by several messengers and by secure roads.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Brighton, S. C., February 7, 1865.

The corps will move upon the Salkehatchie River as follows:

General Carlin will remain in his present position at or near Lawtonville until he is joined by the other trains of the command under the charge of Captain Remington, the reserve artillery and ammunition trains under Major Houghtaling, and pontoon train under Lieutenant-Colonel Moore. He will then take charge of the entire train of the corps, and at once move by the most direct and practicable roads, via Duck Branch Post-Office and Angley's Post-Office, upon Buford's Bridge across the Salkehatchie River, which point he will endeavor to reach as soon as practicable. There he will receive further orders.

General Baird, sending his trains to report to General Carlin, will march to-morrow a.m. with two companies of the pontoniers (which will be sent to report to him by Colonel Moore) and a battery of artillery, by the most direct road to Ingram's, near which point he will encamp to-morrow night. He will thoroughly repair the roads as he passes over them.

General Morgan will march early to-morrow a.m. from his present position at Sister's Ferry, via this point, and here detaching his trains, to report to General Carlin, will follow General Baird.

---------------

*See Sherman to Dahlgren, p. 328, and Sherman to Foster, p. 338.

---------------

