
Major Houghtaling, detaching one battery with orders to report to General Baird, will move the remainder of his command at 7 a.m. to-morrow, and will report to General Carlin at Lawtonville.

Corps headquarters will be with the Second and Third Divisions until a junction is effected.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform General Davis that I shall take the right-hand road from this to Lawtonville in consequence of the rain. The streams on the left-hand road are more numerous than on the right-hand road, but they are both good roads so far as I can learn. Forage is more abundant on the left-hand road. Ordinarily I would prefer the left-hand or Augusta road, and it would probably be the best for the main column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brighton, S. C., February 7, 1865--4. 30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move forward from the ferry to this point, on the left-hand or direct road (the road taken by him this afternoon). It is better than the other road, but will need a good deal of working before your trains can pass over rapidly. The worst part of the road is about two miles from the ferry and about half a mile in length. The bearer will remain with you and give you more definite information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Hanberry Cross-Roads, February 7, 1865--2 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: My advance is within two miles of the railroad. My column is badly stretched out, owing to the swollen condition of the streams. I have three brigades in hand and shall move on the railroad at once, and shall bring up my whole command to that point to-night. I am satisfied from the report of prisoners that there is nothing but one brigade of cavalry (perhaps more) in my front. They are withdrawing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

