
march to Graham's or direct on Duncanville. At any moment you desire I can drive Wheeler into the Edisto, and I think save any bridge you may name. Yesterday about 200 rebels made an effort to hold the Salkehatchie till the bridge was burnt, but the Ninety-second Illinois dismounted, charged over the bridge, all on fire, drove off the rebels, and saved the bridge. I only mention this to show you the spirit of my men.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's Station,

South Carolina Railroad, February 7, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note of 2 p.m. is received. We are all on the road and will break road all to-morrow, and then move up toward Augusta. You can remain where you are and try and secure the bridge at the head of Young's Island. I will pass the Edisto above that point and as high as Guignard's Bridge. Make a good break whilst you are about it. If you feel confident you may move up the road, making occasional breaks, and meet us on your return about White Pond in two days after to-morrow. I will order Davis' corps to come round through barnwell to White Pond or Windsor. Don't risk much, but keep your horses and men well in hand.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Lowry's Station, February 7, 1865.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Hilton Head:

We are on the railroad at Midway; weather bad, waters high, and roads bad. These may force me to turn against Charleston before crossing the Santee. Enemy have retreated east and north across the Edisto. We will break up fifty miles of this road toward Augusta and then move over toward Columbia. Watch Charleston close and threaten at Bull's Bay. Hatch's force should now get across to the Edisto about Jacksonborough and Willstown. Slocum is not yet up.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 14. Hilton Head, S. C., February 7, 1865.

The major-general commanding being compelled by wounds to relinquish for the present the command of the department, takes this opportunity to express to the officers and men of the Coast Division,

