
under Brigadier General John P. Hatch, his approbation of their good conduct during the operations on the line of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad since November last.

At the battle of Honey Hill, on November 30, although unsuccessful in the attempt to drive the enemy from his forts, the division still maintained the fight with unwavering steadiness during the day, and retired for the field after nightfall in good order and unpursued. their losses attest alike their courage and discipline.

At Deveaux's Neck, near the Coosawhatchie turnpike, on December 6, the advance, in number much inferior to the opposing force, met the rebels in an open field, and drove them from the ground, captured one flag, forced them to seek safety in flight, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands, and thus occupied a position from which the railroad was under the easy fire of our guns.

On December 9 the skirmish line forced its way to within a few yards of the railroad and the forts which guarded it, remaining there under a most galling fire until an opening had been cut through the woods between our batteries and the road, and thus perfected the work so gallantly begun upon the 6th.

The division has obeyed all orders promptly and cheerfully, and since its co-operative movements with General Sherman's army has vigilantly watched the enemy at its front, has promptly seized each fortified position punt he first indication of a proposed withdrawal on the part of the rebels, and has thus inspired the commanding general with the belief that it will continue to do faithfully and well the work allotted to it in the great campaign which is being prosecuted in South Carolina.

To Brigadier-Generals Hatch and Potter, who have commanded this force, and to all the gallant officers and men under them, the major-general commanding tenders his thanks for the past and his earnest wishes for their continued success.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Pocotaligo, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Colonel N. HAUGHTON,

Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers:

COLONEL: We have advanced to-day two miles and a half or three miles on the railroad, and a little farther on the turnpike, and intrenched for the night, but understanding that there are some veteran troops in front of us, I have concluded that we need the Twenty-fifth Ohio. If at daybreak the enemy have not evacuated the works in your front, move by the shortest route to the Salkehatchie bridge, where you will receive offers from me. If the enemy have evacuated at that hour follow them up cautiously, and communicate the information to me at Pocotaligo. Direct the One hundred and seventh Ohio to move by the shortest road, which will be up the river from the church to the intrenchments at the railroad depot.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

