
condition for active service. This must be attended to immediately, as our stay here will probably be short, and when the time arrives the command will move, whether in readiness or not.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McIntosh COUNTY, January 11, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Army:

The undersigned, justices of the Interior Court for the county of McIntosh, have been expecting, since our county and its neighborhood are in the possession of your troops, to receive from you such a proclamation as would define our present position, in obedience to which we would receive protection in our destitute situation. Disappointed in our expectation, in compliance with sundry applications from the suffering families of our county, we have appointed one of our body, Justice O. C. Hopkins, together with any one or more of our citizens who may volunteer to accompany him, instructing them to wait on you, explain our situation and the object of their visit to you, respectfully asking of your kindness a friendly reception and protection in their behalf. Be pleased to accept the assurance of our sincere consideration. In testimony whereof we have hereto affixed our official signatures and the seal of the Inferior Court of the county of McIntosh this 11th day of January, 1865.

P. DE L. CHARTIN, J. I. C.

O. C. HOPKINS, J. I. C.

W. MIDDLETON, J. I. C.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, Numbers -. Savannah, Ga., January 11, 1865.

The medical purveying depot of the Department of the South will continue at Hilton Head, any previous orders to the contrary notwithstanding.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 3. Beaufort, S. C., January 11, 1865.

The officers and soldiers of this army are remained that all the land on this island (Port Royal) either belongs to the United States or is owned by people loyal to our Government and friendly disposed toward its soldiers, and it is therefore incumbent on them to afford the inhabitants of the district the kindest personal treatment and protection for their property. Personal abuse of the people will be most severely punished, and the amount of damage wantonly and unlawfully done

