HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's Station, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Major-General LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief desires that you will make a reconnaissance to Cannon's Bridge, ascertaining thereby the nature and condition of the crossing at that place.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bamberg, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general requests that you will hold one brigade of your command in readiness to move on a reconnaissance in the direction of Cannon's Bridge, subject to further orders; men to carry one day's rations and forty rounds of ammunition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Bamberg, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Captain GORDON LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the order of General Hazen, I marched my brigade this afternoon to Cannon's Bridge on the Edisto River; I found no enemy on this side of the river, but found him in works on the north bank. At the point where the works are, and for a long distance both below and above the bridge, there is a swamp about 600 yards wide on the south side of the river. I threw forward a line of skirmishers through the swamp to the main steam and found that [the] bridge had been burned, that there was a line of works along the bank of the river several hundred yards in length with an embrasure in it, covering the road; the works seemed to be well manned; the men could be seen and heard all along them. I think that a crossing might be effected here without very much difficulty, as the main stream does not seem to be very large; the distance from this camp to the bridge is about five miles; the road is a very bad one; I believe that one-fourth of it is covered with water. After exchanging some shots with the enemy, having learned all that could be learned about his position and strength without making a positive attack, I withdrew my line and returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

