HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bamberg, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Brevet Major-General CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to request you to move your division along the direct road, via Angley's Post-Office, Buford's Bridge, the crossing of the Little Salkehatchie at Springtown Meeting House, and the Little Salkehatchie River road, to the point of intersection of that road with the Barnwell and Orangeburg road, just south of the South Carolina Railroad. Corps headquarters will be to-morrow night at that point, and the whole command will move the next day to the Edisto River, with a view to crossing. Should you not overtake the rest of the corps at the river, please cross at such point as we may have crossed and join the general commanding with your division as soon as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. In the Field, S. C., February 8, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will march to-morrow, the 9th instant, as follows, viz:

First. Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Colonel Hughes, as an advance.

Second. Third Brigade Infantry at 7 a.m. with one regiment in rear of battery and one regiment with tool wagon, to be thrown forward at 6 a.m., if possible, as far as Cowpen Branch, to repair roads at this point sufficient to pass teams, went it will move on to Rivers' Bridge, halting there until the column shall have come up.

Third. First Brigade Infantry at 6 a.m. with its regiments marching by the side of the division ordnance and supply trains, extending so as to invest them as much as possible.

Fourth. Trains at 6 a.m. as follows: First, train of Third Brigade; second, ambulances; third, trains of Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and Seventeenth Army Corps; fourth, ordnance and supply trains; fifth, trains of the First and Second Brigades.

Fifth. Second Brigade Infantry, which will march as soon as the trains shall have passed, forming the rear of the column.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Midway, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a copy of General Sherman's order of march. * The general suggests that, although the time of moving is not indicated, you make preparations to move at 7 a.m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 343.

---------------

