
I am burning and destroying railroad track from the road crossing one mile and a half east of this point (where my advance struck the railroad west), and shall do all I can to-day. My headquarters will be here. I find over 350 bales of cotton here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lowry's Station, S. C., February 8, 1865.

General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Graham's:

GENERAL: Yours of this date is received. Burn all cotton. The Confederate Congress has appropriated all cotton to its own use. It is the only cash article left to the enemy. I send you a letter* to Wheeler, in answer to his, which you can leave with the lady to be sent to Wheeler as she best can. Destroy all the railroad and its attachments, tanks, sheds, sewers, everything that facilitates its use. I will send your orders for to-morrow, which amount to moving up to Blackville. If you hear of Geary to-day in reach, turn him at once to Blackville. Slocum should move the Fourteenth Corps toward Williston. I think the Left Wing will cross the Edisto at about Guignard's and Pine Log Bridges. I want to get the Left Wing on the Orangeburg and Edgefield road as soon as possible. We are twisting the iron here beautifully. I will send the engineers up to you to-morrow; they do the work best.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Graham's Station, S. C., February 8, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Blackville, as follows: Third Division at 7 a.m. ; First Division at 8 a.m. Each division will take care of its own trains. All detachments will be called in and march with their commands. The work of destroying the railroad is to be commenced at Blackville and continued west, this part of the road to be finished by the Fifteenth Corps. General Ward will march one unenumbered brigade in advance, and General Jackson will march two regiments as a rear guard. One section of artillery will march with the rear guard. The balance of the artillery will march in rear of the advanced brigade.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,On the March, February 8, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Your dispatches were received by me at 6. 30 this morning about three miles north of the Coosawhatchie Swamp. Those for

---------------

*See p. 342.

---------------

