
This was signaled. The last clause was a postscript, and was added to save the time it would have taken to send a boat with orders to some effect. The Delaware started at 5. 30 for Stono, having the hard bread on board. The Frazier came in at 5. 45, landed the baggage and horses on Folly Island dock, and proceeded to StoNumbers The baggage was sent down in an ambulance which I had ordered up. Your orderly attended to it. I sent him over for the purpose, and he reports all right. The corporal with the horses and the other orderlies went down with it. The orders as to the hard bread were given last night to Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett. The term telegraphing in the connection used meant signaling.

Very respectfully,

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Pocotaligo, S. C., February 8, 1865.

Captain BRIDGEFORD, One hundred and second Illinois:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding was not awere at the time the order was sent you that your command was unarmed. He therefore directs that you establish your camp somewhere in the vicinity of Blair's landing. In regard to conflict with orders from General Prince, he holds all troops in this vicinity as in his command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CITY POINT, VA., February 8, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Fort Fisher, N. C.:

For the last three days there have been many troops arriving in Richmond from the Valley or Southwest Virginia. This is evidently a movement to get troops to send south and to enable to enemy to hold Wilmington also. I have no doubt but that the quicker you can bring your troops against Wilmington the smaller the force you will have to contend against.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Quartermaster at Fort Monroe will send the above dispatch aboard the first transport going to Cape Fear River, and place it in the hands of a commissioned officer to be delivered to General Schofield. Transports must now be passing hourly, but not touching at Fort Monroe. You can send this on a tug-boat to go until they meet one.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Federal Point, N. C., February 8, 1865.

(Via Fort Monroe, 5 p. m.,11th. Received 6 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I arrived here this morning with one division; have had very rough weather and been much delayed by it. I hope to get the troops all

