
are filled we will have barely sufficient to supply the troops now here. You will recollect that in the spring of last year every wagon, mule, and horse that could possibly be spared was sent to Virginia. We had here, I presume, the finest land transportation in the country at that time.

Kinston is thirty miles from this place by the railroad and a few miles farther by the country road. It is still farther by the river, but I could easily send supplies by road or boats if the proper light draft steamers could be furnished. The stern-wheel steamers draving not more than three feet could easily perform the work. Goldsborough is about thirty miles from Kinston, and if the enemy perceive that our base of supplies is here they will surely destroy as much of the road between these two places as they may have time to destroy. You will perceive, therefore, that the matter of transportation (wagons and small steamers) and forage is one for serious thought.

I shall forward with this a requisition for an additional supply of ambulances, with horses and harness. The requisitions inclosed will call for other articles, the necessity for which is apparent, if the force here is to be materially increased. I would respectfully but urgently call your attention to the fact that a quartermster to take the position of chief of his deparmtent is very much needed here. A short time since I addressed a communication on this subject to you, but I have received no reply. A man of thorough business habits and more experience is necessary here at such a time as this. If the interest of the service will admit of Colonel George W. Bradley's coming here, even for a short time, I make an earnest application for him. Colonel Bradley is energetic, industrious, intelligent, and he had the happy faculty of infusing his spirit into all of his subordinates. I feel assured that Colonel Bradley would be pleased to take this position, even temporarily. At all events, I trust that you will be able to furnish me with a quartermaster senior to any of those here, provided always, he is a men of energy, &amp;c. It is proper for me here to remark that the assistant quartermaster now here, acting as chief quartermaster, is a very correct, intelligent officer, but he is junior to some of his department now serving in the district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Sixth Street Wharf, Washington, February 8, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Division, Twenty-third Corps:

SIR: I have the been directed by Brigadier General D. H. Rucker, chief quarteramster, depot of Washington, to embark about 2,550 men of your command from Alexandria at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 10th instant. I have the honor to request that you furnish me with the roster of your command from this day's report, that the proper assignment of the troops can be made. I would also request you to inform me if the headquarters of the division will leave with the first transports or remain until the entire division has embarked. Unless other transports arrive at an early hour to-morrow, the horses of the troops which embark on the 10th instant will have to remain at Alexandria until

