
the 11th of 12th instant, at which time the remainder of the division will be shipped. The horses can be stabled by the quarteramster at Alexandria until they can be shipped. Please give the necessary orders for the First and Third Brigades to break camp at 8 a. m. to-morrow. I will leave boats at Giesborough, at the lower wharf, to convey them to Alexandria, where they will draw five days' cooked rations, and will be quartered at the Soldiers' Rest until the next morning. Ten days' rations in bulk have been placed on each vessel. My reason for naming the First and Third Brigades is that their strength amounts to about the number which the vessels now at Alexdandria will carry. If the freezing of the river should prevent a steamer from running from Giesborough to Alexandria, the command will have to march over by way of Long Bridge. If convenient, I would like to see the division quartermaster at my officer at 8 a. m. to-morrow morning. Captain L. L. Moore, assistant quartermaster at Giesborough, will send him over on a tug.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. ALLEN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, No. 30. City Point, Va., February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel O. E. Babcock, aide-de-camp, will proceed without delay and report to Major General J. M. Schofield, at Fort Fisher or vicinity, for temporary duty as per verbal instructions given him by the lieutenant-general commanding. Upon the completion of his intructions he will rejoin these headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Walker's House, near Railroad, February 9, 1865.

General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: An officer has just left me for Blackville, where Slocum will arrive with Geary's division, which completes the Twentieth Corps at Blackville.

Davis is moving for Barnwell and will come up to the west of Blackville about Williston. I have ordered Slocum to put in to-morrow good on the railroad and then look to crossing the Edisto at the head of Young's Island and at Guignard's. I want you to effect a crossing at or between Binnaker's and Homan's Bridges. Do it in your own way, using all the Seventeenth Corps and one division of the Fifteenth sent by Logan to Holmans' Bridge. If you can secure a lodgment to-morrow and get to work on a bridge at Binnaker's it will be time enough to cross the day after to-morrow. All accounts agree that the road from Binnaker's to Orangeburg is better than from Holman's. I am seven miles from Binnaker's, five from Holman's, and six from Blackville. I will probably go up to Blackville to-morrow to see Slocum. Keep me well advised of your progress. As soon as Logan completes

