
the destruction of the road, to Blackville he can move his two other divisions down to Holman's, or wherever you need him. It is to me patent that the enemy has only cavalry at the Edisto, and we must keep it busy that Kilpatrick may encounter less about Aiken. His movement on Aiken besides the substantial damage willl disconnect the part of Lee's corps that did not get over the railroad. Proceed to effect a lodgment on the north of the Edisto by cautions but persistent efforts. Once across, the enemy will fall behind the Santee.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Binnaker's Bridge, February 9, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Major-General Mower effected a crossing of the Edisto this evening about 6 o'clock. He laid a pontoon to an island, and as soon as he had got one brigade over he pressed on across the island and waded the swawmp beyond and effected a lodgment on what appeared to be the mainland. He met, however, a skirmish line about 8 p. m. and, as it was night, concluded to intrench and wait for daylight. The island is marshy, and the water in the main swamp between two and three feet deep. The men swung their cartridge-boxes around their necks.

I am inclined to think the crossing at Holman's Bridge is no worse than this. General Hazen has crossed some men over a half mile above the bridge and cut his wawy nearly through the swamp. Word has just come that Mower has driven the enemy off, sent back a regiment along the main road, and has takenup a strong position a mile and a half from the river. The bridge on the main roads is being laid.

Respectfully,O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Walker's House, February 9, 1865 - 11 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Rigth Wing:

GENERAL: Your note is just received. General Sherman directs me to answer saying he is very much gratified that General Mower has effected a crossing and a lodgment. It is of great importance and he wihses it held beyond a possibility of loss, but does not wish General Mower to go farther at present. Complete your crossing facilities, getting bridges, &amp;c., in good order for use. To-morrow he will go to see General Slocum at Blackville and hurry up matters on that wing. Have you any news yet from the wagon train sent back from Rivers' for bread, &c.? Let Hazen also make good crossings, looking to the move on Orangeburg day after to-morrow (11th).

I am, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

