
GENERAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 9. Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., February 9, 1865.

I. The attention of the general commanding has been called by officers of our own army to the wanton and indiscrimate destruction of private property, burning of dwelling houses, plundering and pillaging the hourses of the few poor people who have remained at home, &amp;c. There are circumstances under which it is proper to burn the houses and other property of citizens. In all such cases, corps, division, and brigade commanders will order its destruction and report their action and their reasons for it to the headquarters of the corps or to these headquarters.

II. Individual foragers are seen every day roaming about the country, often mounted on some worthless "picked-up" animal, and without other authority than that of their company commander. The attention of commanding officers is called to this discouraging practice, and renewed efforts are demanded to regulate the system of foraging.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Railroad, near Cross-Roads, February 9, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: The First and Third Division are in camp north of the railroad; Woods across the Holman's Bridge road, with Smith upon his right. I have two brigades at work destroying the railroad, one working toward Blackville and the other from that point back to camp. As soon as they return will notify you. My headquarters are on the railroad at the Fogle plantation, near the crossing of the Holman's Bridge road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Binnaker's Bridge, February 9, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note was just shown to the general. He desires me to inform you that General Mower is across the river below the enemy's position; has crossed about a mile of swamp, and is intrenching on the high ground. After some skirmishing the enemy fell back from his line nearest the river, but is thought to be in another line in the rear of this. Nothing has been heard from General Hazen. The general is anxious to hear from him, whether he succeeded in effecting a crossing or not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Have just heard from General Hazen. He is across. The general has directed five boats be sent him in the morning, and desires that you direct him to make a reconnaissance in the morning with a

