
strong skirmish line, and that if he finds the enemy gone to take position on the mainland and build foot bridges through the swamp. General Mower has succeeded in driving off the enemy and is intrenching a mile and a half beyond the river. If the enemy has not left General Hazen's front their position can be turned by General Mower.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Orangeburg and Barnwell Cross-Roads, February 9, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state to you that the brigade of my command, ordered to Blackville to destroy the railroad, has just returned to camp. Colonel Stonen reports to have destroyed from 1,200 yards to a mile of the road this side of Blackville. There are still about three miles of road remaining understroyed. No other troops were at work between this place and Blackville.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Holman's Bridge, S. C., February 9, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Department of the Tennessee:

I have my skirmish line at the river bank, which is bluff on this side; on the one opposite a cypress swamp extends for half a mile, and the road runs through it in a straight line. The enemy have a few sharpshooters posted on this road about 100 yards from the river. I can form no conjecture of their force beyond the swamp. I have a crossing of felled trees and a way cleared nearly through the swamp about half a mile above the bridge and a raft completed below it, and will to-night put in a piece of artillery, sweeping the road. If it is desired I will cross a brigade in the morning and endeavor to force away whatever may be beyond, or will clear the road with artillery and push a skirmish line or light force through the swamp. I would be glad if the wishes of the general commanding might be sent me by the bearer of this. It will require hour four boats to put a pontoon bridge across here, or by more labor one could be made without boats.

I am, respectuflly,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

This note is sent direct, as I do not know where a find corps headquarters.

W. B. H.

