HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., February 9, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM B. HAZEN,Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note is received. The general commanding directs me to say that he has ordered five boats to be sent you in the morning, with which you can cross the main stream with one brigade. He does not wish you to use the brigade further than to make a demonstration at present. General Mower has succeeded in crossing the main stream and has waded the swamp for a mile beyond and is intrenching himself on the mainland.

Very respectuflly, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - General Mower has succeeded in driving the enemy off and is now intrenching on the mainland a mile and a half from the river. The enemy will probably leave your front during the night.

Respectfully,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Graham's, S. C., February 9, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In reply to communication of date, I have the honor to state that the detail of one brigade from my command has destroyed about one mile of the railroad track, completing work commenced by the Twentieth Army Corps. I cannot state whether the track has been destroyed as far as Blackville, as I have not been there.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS In the Field, S. C., No. 12. February 9, 1865.

I. The troops composing this division will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the 10th instant, to Lane's plantation (or Springfield [Springtown] Meeting House) in the following orders, viz:

First. Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry as an advance, following verbal instructions already received. Second. First Brigade Infantry, with its train, and Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, one regiment to be thrown in rear of train and battery. General Rice will move at precisely 5. 30 a. m., this being an exception to the hour above designated. Third. Trains as follows: First, supply train; second, ambulances; third, trains of Seventeenth Army Corps and Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry; fourth, trains Second and Third Brigades; fifth, ordnance train. Fourth. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams, who will so dispose of his regiments as to have them guard the greatest

