HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, Salkehatchie River, February 9, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: Geary's division leaving here at 6 a. m. to-day and will reach Blackville to-night. I ordered the Fourteenth Corps to Blackville, but in view of the movements of the Twentieth Corps I shall direct Davis to some point west of Blackville. Before leaving Savannah I applied for a regiment of cavalry, also for one of the engineer regiments. I understood that both applications were approved by General Sherman, yet I have not had an engineer soldier with me and have had but six mounted men. All my messages have been sent by footmen. I cannot to-day send a mounted man to the general-in-chief nor to either of the corps commanderes under me. I have had bridges to construct in water from eight to fifteen feet in depth and have not had a man of experience with me. If it is not absolutely necessary to retain all the engineer troops with the Right Wing, I earnestly hope that at least one company of the Firth Michigan may be sent to this wing. I also ask that at least 100 good cavalrymen, under good officers, my be permanently assigned to duty with me. I would like the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Graham's Station, February 9, 1865-12 m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Blackville:

DEAR GENERAL: Your note of this morning is received. Williams moved hence for Blackville this a. m. The Michigan Engeiners have been ordered to your flank to twist railroad. Tell Williams I have inspected his work here, and the bars are not twisted; better do half the quantity, but do it thoroughly; unless there be a warp, the bar can be straigthened again. All the cavalry is now and has been on your flank. Kilpatrick was last night up at Williston, where he whipped a division of cavalry, and is moving to break up railroad partially as far as Aiken. I was in hopes you would turn Davis off below Coosawhatchie Swamp, through Barnwell, to Williston or White Pond. Get him, as soon as possible, at work on the railroad from Williston west, and in the meantime have the bridges at Guignard's and Pine Log examined, so as to cross there, or at the head of Young's Island. My orderes of yesterday give the next movement. To-day, Howard with the Seventeenth Corps, is moving to Binnaker's Bridge. Two divisions of the Fifteenth Corps are at the forks of the roads west of this, and the other at Holman's Bridge. Don't take any of Kilpatrick's cavalry to make escorts or orderliese, for he has to fight and contend now with double and nearly treble his numbers. For courier duty and orderlies, pick up horses and mount drummers and non-combatnats. If necessary to get horses, break up teams and use mules for ambulances, burning up the empty wagons. Howard has no cavalry save one fragment of mounted infantry. By keeping on our left you will have henceforth good foraging ground, and may pick up horses and plenty of forage. Pine Log Ford will be the place for Kilpatrick to

