
cross over the South Edisto. Your best points will be the head of Young's Island and Guignard's. We must all turn amphibious, for the country is half under water. Mower had to fight at the Salkehatchie with his men up to their armpits, he setting the example. I think we can spend all of to-morrow on railroad breaking, but next day we must be across Edisto. You can gain time on Howard as he swings gainst Orangeburg. Your wing will move on Columbia.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Blackville, S. C., February 9, 1865.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps through Barnwell to Williston, on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad. He wishes the railroad destroyed from that point west as far as possible, until you receive further orders. Williston is the first action west of Blackville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mims' Farm, February 9, 1865.

Colonel A. C. McCLURG,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Please say to the major-general commanding that I have gone into camp at this place, which is twenty-nine miles from Barnwell and two miles from the forks of the road, marked on the mpas as Gillett's Church. (I get these distances from the negroes.) this is as far as I thought the rear of the command could reach, and as the last wagons have just only got into camp at 6. 30 o'clock, I think I was right. Unless I receive other orders I will march toward Barnwell at 6. 30 o'clock in the morning (prompt), and if the roads are fair will get within a mile of it to-morrow night. The town itself was burned by our cavalry three days ago. I lost three hours to-day in building crossings over streams. The last one turned out baldy, I learn, although I lowered the water on the road nine inches by clearing out the dam caused by the fence when I built my foot brigade. I will move as I have stated unless I receive other orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Blackville, S. C., February 9, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I propose to move Geary's division and Michigan Enginers along the railroad to-morrow toward Williston Station and

