
Atlanta, or any such nonsense. I profess to be the best kind of a friend to Sambo, and think that on such a question Sambo should be consulted.

They gather round men in crowds, and I cant's find out whether I am Moses or Aaron, or which of the prophets; but surely I am rated as one appreciated by Sambo-in saving him from his master, or the new master, or the new master that threatens him with a new species of slavery. I mean State recruiting agents. Poor negro-Lo, the poor Indian! Of course, sensible men understand such humbug, but some power must be invested in our Government to check these will oscillations of public opinion.

The South deserves all she has got her injustice to the negro, but that is no reason why we should go to the other extreme.

I do and will do the best I can for negroes, and feel sure that the problem is solving itself slowly and naturally. It needs nothing more than our fostering care. I thank you for the kind hint and will heed it so far as mere appearances go, but not being dependent on votes, I can afford to act, as far as my influence goes, as a fly wheel instead of a mainspring.

With respect, &amp;c., yours,

W. T. SHERMAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Savannah, Ga., January 12, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you assume the charge of the captured cotton in this city and provide for its proper care and preservation until further orders. You will consider yourself charged with the duty of having sufficient guards and precautions for its security, and will apply to the commanding general for any force required. You will also detail a competent quartermaster for the special duty of seeing to its being turned over and receipted for by agents of the Treasury Department.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Minutes of an interview between the colored ministers and church officers at Savannah with the Secretary of War and Major-General Sherman.
HEADQUARTERS OF MAJOR-GENERAL SHERMAN,In the City of Savannah, Ga., Thursday evening.

January 12, 1865-8 p.m.

On the evening of Thursday, the 12th day of January, 1865, the following persons of African descent met, by appointment, to hold an interview with Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and Major-General Sherman, to have a conference upon matters relating to the freedmen of the State of Georgia, to wit:

1. William J. Campbell, aged fifty-one years, born in Savannah; slave until 1849, and then liberated by will of his mistress, Mrs. Mary Maxwell; for ten years pastor of the First Baptist Church of Savannah,

