
Lieutenant Colonel S. L. Woodford, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, provost-marshal-general.

Lieutenant Colonel William Ames, Third Brigade Island Volunteer Artillery, chief of artillery.

Captain Leslie Smith, First U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters.

Captain Jessee Merrill, chief signal officer.

Captain Henry M. Bragg, aide-de-camp.

Captain James R. Gillmore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, superintendent military telegraphs.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., February 9, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to verbal instructions received February 6 from Major-General Foster, and no orders to the contrary having been received up to this moment (3. 30 p. m., February 9, 1865), the movement ordered will be carried out to-night and to-morrow. The only co-operation on the part of the navy I have been able to secure is the action of the naval force commonly posted in Stono Inlet, viz, two gun-boats and two mortar schooners. Ensign Neil has arrived with the military gun-boats Augusta and Savannah, but has not yet reported to me. No rations have yet arrived. There are at present no indications of an intended evacuation of Charleston by the enemy. There seems to be in part new troops around Charleston, as the interecepted signal dispatches constantly show new names. Yesterday, February 8, certain officers at Mount Pleasant were ordered to report themselves for duty at Jacknosborough.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-Geneal, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 1. Federal Point, N. C., February 9, 1865.

In compliance with orderes of the War Department, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of North Carolina. Department headquarters will be with the army in the field.

The following staff officers are on duty at these headquarters:

Major J. A. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general.

Major William M. Wherry, aide-de-camp.

Captain Willaim J. Twining, aide-de-camp.

Captain William A. Lord, aide-de-camp.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

