HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, February 9, 1865.

Rear-Admiral PORTER, U. S. Navy,Commanding, &amp;c., Cape Fear River:

SIR: Property to operations against Wilmington, I desire to advance General Terry's line so as to threaten the enemy's position east of Cape Fear River. It will greatly facilitate the operations to have for a short time previous to the advance a strong fire from the gun-boats upon the right of the enemy's lines, viz, immediately opposite Fort Anderson. Possibly the effect of this may be so great as to enable the troops to take possession of Sugar Loaf Hill, and thus obviate the necessity of the proposed operations west of the river. The fleet outside may also render some assistance, though the fire will be at long range and inaccurate on account of the intervening woods. I would like to make the advance to-morrow, or the next day at the latest, if you can be prepared to co-operate so soon. If this movement results in a decided success, which I do not count upon, I will push for Wilmington at once. If not, I will then be prepared to transfer troops to the west bank of the river, and threaten in like manner Fort Andereson and the adjacent line, preparatory to the more extended movement to turn the enemy's position. These initiatory movements can be made while I am gettin gup the rest of my troops and materials, and preparing for an extended movement, if that prove to be necessary. I hope thus to save several dasy's time, which is important. Please be so kind as to inform me when you can co-operate in the movement I propose.

I am, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel P. C. HAYES,

Acting Provost-Marshal, Twenty-third Army Corps:

Please say to General Schofield that I have nothing of importance to communicate. The various preparations for co-operation with other forces are going on quietly. Should General Schofield come to Morehead I shall see him. Where is he now, and can I expect him here soon?

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, February 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General PALMER,

New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I arrived at this point this morning at 8 o'clock with about 5,000 troops and am ordered to move directly to New Berne. I await transportation.

THOS F. MEAGHER,

Brigadier General, Commanding Provisional Division, Army of the Tennessee.

