
FORT FISHER, February 9, 1865.

General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to inclose a sketch of the vicinity of Fort Fisher. * The department letter of January 28 is received, and in a day or two Admiral Porter will place a vessel at my disposal for the experiments referred to therein.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

The Dispatch to-day has the following:

FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.

The enemy are in possession of the railroad west of Branchville. A dispatch from General Wheeler, dated Holman's Bridge, February 7, received in Charleston on Wedensday, says:

"My pickets neaer Blackville this morning were charged by three brigades of cavalry, which drove them beyond the village. Dibrell's (Tennessee) brigade, being in the vicinity, met and charged the enemy, driving them back into the village. Blackville is on the line of the South Carolina Railroad, twenty-eight miles west of Branchville and forty-nine miles southwest of Columbia. "

A dispatch from Branchville, received in Charleston the same day, states:

"The enemy have made their appearance along the South Carolina Railroad beyond the Edisto River, and have burned a hosue within a mile and a half of the railroad bridge. About 7 o'clock yesterday evening our troops were withdrawn to this side of the brigade and the bridge burned. Thus railroad connection with Augusta is savered. "

No official dispatches from quarter were given to the press yesterday; whether any were received we do not know. It is an error, however, to suppose that because any point on the South Carolina Railroad is in the hands of the enemy that we can no longer draw suppliees from Georgia. It would be unwise to explain the matter at this time.

There was a report yesterday that Charleston had been evacuated. We find in official circles no confirmation of the report.

From the Whig:

Charleston, February 9. - A dispatch from Orangeburg to-day says that the enemy are in front of the Edisto line from near New Bridge to Duncan's Bridge. The main force is said to be near the railroad. There has been skimrishing to-day at Binnaker's Bridge. Our troops are guarding the railroad bridge. The enemy show no disposition to force a crossing. A dispatch from General Wheeler, dated February 8, 3. 30 p. m., says:

"A large column of the enemy's cavalry struck the railroad at Graham's and Blackville. Kilpatrick is at Blackville with three brigades. "

FROM PETERSBURG.

RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S FIHGTING. -THE ENEMY ERECTING OBSERVATORIES. - BOTH SIDES STRENGTHENING THE NEW LINES.

Petersburg, February 8. - There was no fighting to-day and quiet was once more resumed. The enemy still holds his position on Hatcher's Run. His lines have thereby been extended, but not advanced. General Sorrel was wounded in the lungs, but the wounded is not considered mortal. Colonel Hoffman, of Virginia, was killed in the fight Monday. Our loss will not reach 500; the enemy's loss is estimated to be treble that number. The dead have all been buried, and the wounded brought from the field. The enemy are erecting observations on our right.

---------------

*See Plate LXXV, Pat 1 of the Atlas.

---------------

