
to-morrow or next day we observe a concentration of forces about Orangeburg I can draw from Slocum by the Edgefield road. I will notify General Logan to put his corps in motion to-morrow to Bull Fight Pond.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Binnaker's Bridge, February 10, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Your letter is just received. I sent a little time ago an order for your approval. The only difference will be the stopping the Fifteenth Corps a little short of where I ordered it. I am inclined to think one division had better follow the Seventeenth Corps till opposite Bull Fight Pond.

Respectfully,O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: One of our men captured the other day near Graham's escaped from his guard near Orangeburg. He says he crossed the river at Holman's Bridge on the 7th. He says he saw quite large camps on the north side of the Edisto, and understood that the troops were of Lee's corps, and had marched all the way from Augusta. Stovall's brigade was in front of Mower last night, of Steventon's division, said to be 400 strong. They took the first left-hand road and went toward Columbia. The force in front of Hazen was infantry, and took the Columbia road. My scouts have been over this road across Holman's Bridge as far as it intercepts the left-hand road from Binnaker's Bridge, that is, five or six miles out. The road is reported good and the country full of provisions. Everything is in readiness now to advance on Orangeburg. I have directed General Logan to send three divisions by Holman's Bridge and one by Binnaker's. The latter will be the nearest for Corse from Graham's. I hardly think Corse will reach Graham's to-night. The supply train you inquired about is with him.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - Corse has deviated toward your camp, and must be within six miles of you to-night. I send you some mail just arrived by Captain Gilbreth.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

