
GENERAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 10. Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., February 10, 1865.

The commanding general has noticed quite an amount of provisions taken from the country in the camps after the troops have left. It is directed that the empty wagons be filled with commissary supplies; foraged now while there is an abundance. This work had better be carefully proportioned to each brigade by the division commissary. Fill the wagons first and keep them filled with meal, flour, bacon, sweet potatoes, &amp;c. In this way the command will be prepared to encounter a few days' march through a barren country. Corps and division commanders will see that a fair amount of forage

is taken along, but in filling the empty wagons as above ordered they will give the preference to commissary supplies.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OFT HE TENNESSEE, No. 35. Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., February 10, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The following will be the order of march, commencing to-morrow at 7 a. m.: The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move directly along the Binnaker Bridge road on Orangeburg; take up a strong position west of the North Fork, pushing forward a reconnaissance of at least one brigade, without wagons, to secure and hold the bridge at that point (Orangeburg), if possible. Pen's Branch will probably afford a position for the right flank. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will march three of his division via Holman's Brigade and endeavor to reach the point marked Poplar Spring with his head of column. He will march his other division via Binnaker's Bridge toward Orangeburg until it forms a junction with the rest of his command opposite Poplar Spring. He will carefully examine all roads and crossings of the North Fork to the north of Orangeburg. The trains of department headquarters will follow the leading division of the Seventeenth Army Corps. The section of the bridge with General Logan will follow and encamp near his rear division. The section with General Blair will follow and encamp near the rear division on Binnaker's Bridge road. Headquarters to-morrow night will be near the advance of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Fogle's Plantation, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you, for the information of the general-in-chief, that in accordance with instructions received from Major-General Howard, the Second Division of this corps has been

