HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Orangeburg and Barnwell Cross-Roads, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my command has effectually destroyed the following amount of the Charleston and Augusta Railroad: First Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General William B. Woods commanding, four miles at and near Bamberg on the 7th and 8th instant; one mile, near our present location, to-day, the 10th. This was road that had already been torn up, and I was obliged to get the fuel. Second Brigade, Colonel R. F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana, commanding, two miles near our present camp to-day, the 10th instant. Third Brigade, Colonel George A. Stone, Twenty-fifth Iowa, commanding, one mile and three-quarters near our present camp to-day and yesterday; part of this had already been torn up. This brigade marched to Blackville yesterday, the 9th, after having made the march from Bamberg to the present camp, and destroyed one mile of the track as above reported. Total amout of track torn up, eigh tmiles and three quarters. The work was all thoroughly done, the ties being burned and the rail so twisted they can be made of no service, and are worthless.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Fogle's Plantation, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. R. WOODS,Commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Third Division will move this afternoon to the position now occupied by Major-General Hazen, preparatory to crossing the river in the morning. Please extend your pickets around on the right flank, beyond where General John E. Smith's camp was, so as to cover that flank and the headquarters of General Sherman. General Smith will move out at 3 o'clock, and the general commanding desires you to complete the destruction of the road, as the working parties from the Third Division will be withdrawn at that hour.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS,] HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, S. C., February 10, 1865.

This division will leave camp at 6 a. m. to-morrow, February 11. Bvt. Brigadier General William B. Woods will move out in the advance on the Holman's Bridge road (the one leading through the camp of the division), followed by the battery, usual trains, and the Second Brigade. Colonel Stone, commanding the Third Brigade, will rptoect the trains with two of his regiments, marching the remaining three in rear. He

