
will also and a company to these headquarters one-half hour before the column moves out (5. 30) to receive instructions for provost duty during the day.

By order of Brevet Major-General Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Reveille will sound at these headquarters at 3. 30 a. m.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Fogle's Plantation, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major General W. B. HAZEN,Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from Major-General Howard, you will please cross the Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry over Holman's Bridge as soon as possible, and push them out on the direct road as far as Bull Fight Pond, to ascertain if the enemy have any force on the road, and the character of the road itself that far. When this information is obtained you may withdraw the mounted infantry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, Holman's Bridge, S. C., February 10, 1865-7 p. m.

Major MAX WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to that in obedience to orderes I moved my division across the Southh Edisto at 4 p. m. to-day, after preparing the crossing, and am now camped with earth-works covering the front on the Columbia road half a mile from the swamp. I have two regiments on the Orangeburg road, also intrenched. My headquarters is on the Columbia road.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Holman's Bridge Cross-Roads, S. C., February 10, 1865.

Major M. WOODHUL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 41, dated headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, February 10, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command this day: The First Brigade, General W. T. Clark commanding, being charged with the destruction of a portion of the South Carolina Railroad track, completely destroyed two and a half miles of the same east of Blackville. The division broke camp at 3 o'clock this p. m., and marched three and a half miles to this point, and is now situated as follows: The First Brigade is encamped in line north of and parallel with the main Charleston and Savannah road, its right resting on the direct

