SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Binnaker's Bridge, S. C., No. 37. February 10, 1865.

The following are the order for to-morrow:

1. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will have the advance and will move his command forward at 7 a. m. on the Binnker's Bridge and Orangeburg road.

2. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will follow the Third Division, moving forward at 7. 30 a. m.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division, being prepared to move at 9 a. m.

4. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Hughes commanding, will move in advance of the column, crossing the river at 6. 30 a. m.

5. Department and corps headquarters trains will follow the troops of the Third Division, provided they are across the river in time.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 12. In the Field, S. C., February 10, 1865.

I. All men whose term of service expires while the armyis without communication and cannot, therefore, be sent home, are advised to remain on duty as usual, thus draving pay, rations, &amp;c., until such thime as they can be mustered out and sent home. Those who have already been mustered out, or may be hereafter will report at these headquarters, to be organized and fed and used for such duty as the general commanding may direct.

II. Brigade and regimental commanderes may put such soldiers as desire it, whose term of service has expired but who still continue on duty, on such detached service as requires a soldier to fill, relieving them from further duty as combatants.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

AD. WARE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Salkehatchie River, S. C., February 10, 1865 - 7. 30 p. m.

Captain DECHERT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Wing:

CAPTAIN: Your communication conveying the general's order for my corps to move from Barnwell to Williston was received at dark. My troops, after completing their second day's march of twenty miles, are encamped as follows: Baird at Barnwell, Carlin four, and Morgan seven mils south of this place. I shall make every effort to reach the railroad by to-morrow night, and will commenced destroying it at once. The orderlies directed to be detailed will be sent as soon as practicable.

