
I have heard of no mail for your headquarters with my command, but will make special inquiry, and should any be found it will be forwarded at once.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Barnwell, February 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Please say to the general commanding that I have two brigades beyond Turkey Creek, about half a mile from this town, and one this side of the creek. I have also Colonel Bishon and his regiment in town keeping order and guarding the families that remain. All is very quiet and orderly. The rascally proceeding of some stragglers in opening the dam above our crossing caused my last brigade to wade over in quite deep water, but I think it will run down during the night. I think my road to Williston should be the one beyond Turkey Creek. The roads on both sides of the creek are good; distance to Williston, thirteen miles. I am out of rations to-night, and would like to have a few wagons with bread and coffee come forward to join me during the day to-morrow, if I march before the whole train arrives. I will be on hand to receive your orders in the morning.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

ORDERES.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Blackville, S. C., February 10, 1865.

The movements of this command to-morrow will be as follows:

The First Division will suspend work on the railroad and march at an early hour to Duncan's Bridge over the Edisto River, and will cross and camp on the north side. The Second Division, with the engineer troops, will, after completing the work on the bridge, cross the river and encamp. The trains in the following order, viz: First Division; corps supply train. Third Division cavalry train will march, starting at 7 a. m., and cross the river at Duncan's Bridge. The Second Brigade, Second Division, will escort the train. The Third Division, with the five companies of engineer troops, will continue the work of destroying the railroad until they are relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, when the engineer troops will report to Major-General Davis for duty with the Fourteenth Corps, and General Ward will march his troops by the most direct road to Dunca'n Bridge, crossing the river there, and rejoin the corps. If the corps should have moved from there he will follow, and rejoin it as soon as possible. The artillery will march at the head of the trains.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

