
I hope, general that the suggestion in this communication contained will meet with your approval, and that you will give me an opportunity of disposing of Wheeler's command. I will break road until I am attacked, in which case you can rest easy as to the result.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, February 10, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note from Johnson's is just received. I cannot change my plans now, as they are in progress. I don't care about Aiken, unless you can take it by a dash, and as Wheeler's attention drawn to that quarter you can let it work. To-morrow the Right Wing moves on Orangeburg, and after breaking that railroad good we will proceed as heretofore indicated. Davis should be at Williston to-night or early to-morrow; keep in communication with him and conform to his movements. It won't pay to have infantry chasing Wheeler's cavalry; it is always a bad plan, and is injurious to detach infantry, save for a day or a single occasion. You can see Davis when he comes up, and he can spare a brigade for a day or so, but I don't want a brigade of infantry to go off to the flank when the whole army would have to wait for it, or it would be marched to detach to catch up. Wheeler, or a part of his command, was on the north side of the South Edisto yesterday, and the concentration of the enemy is being made at Columbia, though I have no doubt that attention has been drawn toward Augusta, but I will not delay the main move an hour, and therefore want Davis to move on as soon as he can repair the bridge. Slocum will give him his orders, and I wishyou to conform to the movements of the left corps; give it notice of danger from the direction of Augusta, and only attack Wheeler when he exposes himself. When operating near General Davis' corps he will doubtless let you have a brigade of infantry from time to time, but not as a permanent thing.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 10, 1865-9 a. m.

(Received 9. 30 a. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

The following has just been received from General Palmer addressed to you:

FEBRUARY 8, 1865-9 p. m.

The troops of Meagher's division are just arriving at Morehead. They have no transportation.

R. C. WEBSTER,

Colonel and Quartermaster.

