HEADQUARTERSE DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Federal Point, N. C., February 10, 1865.

Colonel WRIGHT,Commanding Railroad Constructions Corps, Beaufort Harbort, N. C.:

COLONEL: I have learned since my arrival here that you were here a few days ago, and I presume you have gone to Beaufort, which is well. General Palmer will advance on the New Berne and Goldsborough Railroad very soon, and endeavor to get possession of the crossing of the Neuse River. Please confer with General Palmer and be prepared to put the railroad in running order as far as he may advance, and as rapidly as possible. The necessary rolling stock will probably have to be brought from Washington. I shall endeavor to get possession of Wilmington and the railroad from that place to Goldsborough by the 5th of March, or earlier if possible. I hope to be able to use both the railroad from Wilmington and also the one from Beaufort. Most probably the Wilmington road will require repairs as soon as we get possession of it, so please be prepared to bring a force here on short notice.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Federal Point, N. C., February 10, 1865.

Colonel DODGE,Acting Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: You will at once make requisition upon the Quartermaster-General for 400,000 rations of forage for the use of General Sherman's army. Also 20,000 pairs of shoes. These supplies will be shipped to Beaufort Harbor, N. C., where the vessels will await orders. The vessels should be of light draft, so as to be able to enter Beaufrt Harbor or Cape Fear River, as may be desired. They should be at Beaufort by the 25th of this month. These supplies will be in addition to those required by the troops of this department. Send duplicates of your requisitions to the chief quartermaster at General Grant's headquarters, City Point, Va.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 1. Federal Point, N. C., February 10, 1865.

I. The following movements will be made to-morrow, commencing at 8 a. m., viz:

General Terry will advance his line and make a strong demonstration upon the enemy's position east of Cape Fear River.

General Cos will support General Terry, and be prepared to take advatange of any success which may be gained.

It is not expected to gain possession of the enemy's works. Neverthelles, if the demonstration develops such weakness at any point of the enemy's line as to indicate that an attack would be succesfull it will be made at once.

