HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Orangeburg Bridge, February 11, 1865-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: General Force has reconnoitered the swamps, both above and below. He has discovered the extent of the enemy's pickets below, and about a quarter of a mile farther down the river makes over to this side of the swamp. He will prepare a road way down to the river to-night and throw a pontoon over in the morning. I have directed General Blair to support his batteries with one division, and push over a column, two divisions strong. General Force thinks the enemy have considerable force here, but the demonstration of the mounted infantry at Rowe's Bridge and General Logan's resolute operations above will, I think, enable us to succeed at this point. I send you a paper of the 9th which contains some items of interest. Slocum's movement on Columbia, if he really makes it, will make them let go here or there.

Respectfully,O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 36. Near Poplar Spring, S. C., February 11, 1865.

The following movements of this command will commence at 7 a. m. to-morrow: Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Sevententh Army Corps, continuing his reconnaissance at Rover's Bridge, will force a passage of the North Fork at whatever point from reports received from reconnaissance above or below the road that he may think best. Major General J. A. Logan, commandingn Fifteenth Army Corps, will move to Shilling's Bridge, endeavor to effect a crossing of the South Fork in that vicinity, and will move across Caw Caw Swamp directly upon Orangeburg. The bridge train will move at daylight, and closing up will park in this vicinity ready for use. The section with General Logan will remain with his column.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Poplar Springs, February 11, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge, the receipt of your order directing the movement on Shilling's Bridge, and the passage of the Edisto at that point, and would respectfully inquire whether it is designed to cross my command with all my transportation, or whether I shall make the movement in light order, leaving suitable camp and train guards on this side of the river with my wagons until the success of the crossing and movement on Orangeburg is ascerained? The section of the bridge train is not yet up, and I do not expect it to-night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

