HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Poplar Spring, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note is received. In reply the general desires me to say that you may use your own judgment in regard to the disposition of your trains, but thinks that it will probably be better to leave them on this side until the passage of Caw Caw Swamp is effected, except such portion of your ammunition train as you think might be needed. The pontoon train is probably on the way up, but may stop with the main portion of the train which followed General Corse over from Holman's Bridge to Poplar Spring. The general desires you to send back and find it, and unless it is already on the road to order such portion of it as you require to join you as soon as you may need it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Hayden's Plantation, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 41, headquarters Fifteeh Army Corps, I respectfully report the operations of my division to-day, the 11th, as follows: In obedience to your orders I broke camp at 6 a. m., and moving forward on the Holman's Bridge road, stuck General John E. Smith's column about 9 a. m. Following the Third Division over very bad roads, and crossing the South Fork of the Edisto River, I went into camp at 6 o'clock this p. m. at Hayden's plantation, near the Four Mile Swamp, on the road to Orangeburg, and within one mile of Poplar Spring. My troops are camped two brigades front, one on either side the road, facing toward Poplar Spring. My headquarters are at the house of Mr. Hayden, on the main road, near the Fourt Mile Swamp.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Poplar Springs, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHUL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that my division broke camp at 7 a. m. to-day and arrived here at 2 p. m., and is now encamped on the left of the road. My headquarters are at a house about 200 yards to the rear of corps headquarters. I have not previously reported that on the 9th, while skirmishing in front of Holman's Bridge, I had 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

