HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Poplar Spring, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 41, current series, headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report that this command broke camp at intersection of Holman's Bridge and Charleston and Savannah roads at 6. 30 o'clock this a. m., and marched, crossing the Edisto (South Fork) at Holman's Bridge, to this point, the advance of the column arriving at 4. 30 p. m. The division is encamped in line on the right of and covering the Orangeburg road.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Cooper's Plantation, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the movements of to-day to be as follows: I left Lee's plantation this morning at 6 o'clock, moved to the point on the Branchville and Augusta Railroad where headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps were, and received orders to cross Binnaker's Bridge instead of Holman's our destination. Over fair roads I arrived at Binnaker's Bridge at 10. 30 a. m. ; found the Seventeenth Corps not yet crossed; awaited until about 1 p. m., when I commenced crossing, and finding the road to Orangeburg filled with the Seventeenth Corps train, moved to the left in order to get on the Holman's Bridge road to Poplar Spring, where I struck the Third Division, Fifteenth Corps, at 3. 30 p. m. Learning that the First Division was still in its rear I placed the division in bivouac, ready to move at a moment's notice. The rear of the First Division did not pass until about 6. 30 p. m., when it became so dark that I concluded it impracticable to move unless I received further orders from corps headquarters. I have marched about eigtheen miles and built 800 yards of corduroy. My pioneer corps joined me late this evening with a loss of 15 men. I await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS In the Field, Cooper's Plantation, S. C., No. 14. February 11, 1865.

I. In compliance with orders from corps headquarters the following-names officers are hereby detailed to take charge of permanent details for the purpose of collecting forage and subsistence from the country for the use of this command during the present campaign or until further orders: For the First Brigade - Major Samuel Mahon, Seventh Iowa Volunteer Infantry; Captain D. C. Smith, Fifty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry. For the Second Brigade - Captain Davis S. Van Pelt, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry; First Lieutenant Perry F. Miller, Twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry. For the Third Brigade - Captain Henry Ahern, Seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry; First Lieutenant

