
F. R. Thurber, Thirty-ninth Iowa Volunteer Infantry. Brigade commanders will make details of enlisted men as follows, selecting the best disciplined non-commissioned officers and privates for the duty, to report to the senior officers detailed for their respective commands, viz: Brigadier General E. W. Rice (First Brigade), 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, and 88 privates; Colonel R. N. Adams (Second Brigade), 3 sergeants, 6 corporals, and 51 privates; Colonel F. J. Hurlbut (Third Brigade), 3 sergeants, 7 corporals, and 70 privates. The officers detailed for this duty will be held strictly accountable for the acts of their men. They will be furnished with copies of all orders issued from these and superior headquarters in regard to foraging, discharge of firearms, &amp;c., by their respective brigade commanders. The object of this order is to organize a system of foraging by which our men can be supplies with what they actually need without the destruction of private property or the unauthorized burning of house, fences, &c. The numerous orders on this subject will be sufficient to guide officers in all cases.

II. The troops composing this division will march at 6 a. m. sharp to-morrow, the 12th instant, to Poplar Spring, in the following order, viz:

1. Third Brigade Infantry, Colonel Hurlbut commanding, with the battery and his own train, one regiment being thrown in rear of same.

2. Trains in same order as to-day, the 11th instant, with above exception.

3. First Brigade Infantry, Brigadier General E. W. Rice commanding, who will move his troopos by the side of the supply and ordnance trains, instructing his regimental commanders to render every assistance to officers in charge of trains repairing roads as they may require, &c.

4. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel R. N. Adams commanding, who will carry out instructions in regard to stragglers.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Poplar Spring, February 11, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding wishes to know when you will be ready to use the pontoon bridge. It will be ordered up to the front to-night, and he would like to have you designated some point for it to park, so that it may be convenient to get a whenever it may be needed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 38. Near Orangeburg, S. C., February 11, 1865.

I. In order to provide against a scarcity of provisions and forage hereafter division commanders will cause their wagons, as fast as they become empty, to be filled with meal, flour, potatoes, and meat, and a small proportion of forage for animals.

