
The amount of subsistence left in each camp during this march, if saved, would have been sufficient to subsist the corps for a day. With proper care and attention the wagons can be kept continually full. One additional wagon will be given to the battery in each division for hauling forage and the rest filled as above ordered.

II. The following are the orders for to-morrow:

1. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will relieve the skirmish of the Third Division at daylight, and at the same hour move forward his command to the nearest high ground to the brigade, placing one regiment in position as support to the battery. He will demonstrate strongly against the enemy, as though he intended to force a crossing.

2. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will move his command at an early hour to a point already designated below the bridge and endeavor to effect a crossing.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will be prepared to move to the support of General Force at 7 a. m.

4. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Hughes commanding, will move at daylight to Rowe's Bridge, and make a strong demonstration against the forces there, as if he intended to cross.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, North Fork Edisto, February 11, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the brigade is burned. The pickets heard the rebels at work, but could see nothing, and their fire was inaffective, as the rebels appear to have worked under the bridge. The brigade burst into a sudden flame, as if combustibles had been previously prapred. When it was lighted, one of the party leaped upon the bridge, and was immediately shot. Besides this, at least three other rebels were killed to-day; one near the brigade on the advance and two in the swamp. At least one other was seriously wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General.

A captain and seventeen men, wading half a mile of swamp, felled a tree at a narrow place and crossed the river to dry land. I am inclined to think they crossed above Caw Caw.

WILLISTON, S. C., February 11, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General DAVIS:

GENERAL: I have been sent to this place by General Kilpatrick to request of the officer in command of the infantry, which he supposed I would find at this point, to move up as far as Windsor Station to his support. He has been engaged to-day with a large portion of Wheeler's

