
command. I find that that portion of the Twentieth Corps which was at this place left this morning, and yours is probably at present the nearest infantry which can be brought to General Kilpatrick's support, provided he needs it. A staff officer of General Slocum's requsts me to say that he is here with orders for you. How soon do you think your column will reach this place?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. DAY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Third Cavalry Division.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Duncan's Bridge, S. C., February 11, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Jeffcoat's Bridge, over the North Fork of the Edisto River, as follows: Second Division at 7 a. m. Third Division and cavalry train at 8 a. m., First Division at 9 a. m. In case the trains of the Third Division and cavalry should not cross the river to-night this order of march will be changed and these trains will march in rear of the trains of the First Division. The corps supply train will hereafter, without orderes to the contrary, march immediately in rear of the trains of the leading division, and the artillery ammunition trains of the leading division and the artillery ammunition train immediately in rear of the train of the center division. To-morrow General Geary will march one unencumbered brigade as the advance, and General Jackson will detail three regiments as a rear guard. One section of artillery will accompany the rear guard. The balance of the artillery will march in rear of the advance brigade. General Geary will so dispose of his two brigades as to cover the artillery, his own train, and the corps supply train. General Jackson with his division will cover the balance of the train. As soon as possible the chief quartermaster of the corps will subdivide the cavalry train and assign one-third of it to each division, which portions, as long as that train remains with us, will form part of the trains of the respective divisions. The engiener troops with their trains will march immediately in rear of the artillery, starting at 7 a. m.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Stono Inlet, S. C., February 11, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have to report that I assumed command of this department on the evening of the 9th instant. The only operations going on here are diversions ordered by Major-General Sherman, one from Pocotaligo toward Charleston, and the other now about starting from this point to land in Bull's Bay. Brigadier-General Hatch commands the former and Brigadier-General Potter the latter. General Hatch has less than 4,000 men, and the most I can scrape together for General Potter are 1,300. For raids and small expeditions along the coast I desire to

