SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 2. Federal Point, N. C., February 11, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Treat, chief commissary of subsistence Twenty-third Army Corps, is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as acting chief commissary of subsistence of this department.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Loyd, chief quarteramster Twenty-third Army Corps, will proceed to Washington, D. C., for the purpose of organizing field transportation for the Twenty-third Army Corps and forwarding necessary quartermaster's supplies. Colonel Boyd will return to these headquarters as soon as he has completed the duty assigned him.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Federal Point, N. C., February 11, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I hope General Meagher's troops have reached you by this time, and that you will be able to advance very soon. I shall commence operations here immediately, without waiting for the arrival of the remainder of my troops. The object to be accomplished is to secure a new base and depot of supplies for General Sherman. This must be accomplished by the 5th, or if possible by the 1st, of March. He desires it at Goldsborough, or as near that point as possible. I shall endeavor to take Wilmington as soon as possible, and then advance rapidly toward Goldsborough, as to secure possession of the railroad before the enemy can destroy it. I desire you at the same time to get possession of the railroad crossing of Neuse River, when we will operat in concert against Goldsborough, if it be deemed practicable to take that place before General Sherman arrives. Make your advance as soon as you can get ready, and if you succeed in getting possession of the river crossing intrench if strongly. In any event, intrench and hold the most advanced point you find practicable, and have the railroad repaired form New Berne to your advanced position as soon as possible. General Sherman's railroad constructions corps, under Colonel Wright, was here on the steamer Baltic a short time before I arrived. I presume they have gone to Beaufort. I will send Colonel Wright instructions to confer with you, and commence his work as soon as you are ready for him. My chief quartermaster and commissary have been ordered to provide supplies for General Sherman's army, to be shipped to Beaufort Harbor, but to remain on board the vessels until we determine, by the result of operations, whether to use this harbor or Beaufort, or both. I sent you a brief dispatch containing the substance of this from Fort Monroe by the steamer Nereus. I have not yet heard from her, and after some accen her. At the same time I also ordered a pontoon train to come to this place. If it has not already started, please send it at once. Please keep me advised of the state of affairs in your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

