
are cavalry, though the most of them are dismounted. When I was at Augusta last there were two gun-boats anchores judt below the bridge. I heard it rumored that Hood's army was near Augusta and coming on. I did not see a man from Hood's army. I saw and read a letter myself from one of Hod's men to his wife, and acquaitance of mine. It was dated January 5, 1865, from Tupelo, Miss. He wrote that Hood's army was cut all to pieces. There was not a horse saved. They lost all their cannon, but saved the carriages which bore up the guns. He also said Hood had given up his command to Dick Taylor. He said he had a plenty of everything to eat, and their witner quarters was at Tupelo, Miss., and she should address him there. That is the last truce account I have. The railroad between Macon an Mayfield is being rapidly repaired. When I came within a mile of Cooper Branch, where the pickets were, I cut across to the Forty-four Mile Post on railroad and came to Savannah.

NORA WINDER AND HER SON.

GENERAL: I am very soon I could [not] come to your sooner. The young man was to hand me the money the day I left Milledgeville forgot to do so, and consequently I had to work my way a part of the time. Waving pays well in the Confederacy, and I am a splendid weaver; so I stopped in Warren County and Jefferson County and wove for families, and by that means I paid my son's and my own way to Savannah, though we had to walk; though if we had been riding we would have been suspected by the pickets, and was we were walking we were never suspected to be going farther than five or seven miles. I came to you soon as I could under those circumstances, having to work my way back. I would like to go to New Orleans as soon as possible. I cannot go until the commander of the post at this place hears from you. I have no means to go on. I have my only child with me. He is in his twelfth year. I want him to go to New Orleans with me.

Your obedient servant,

NORA WINDER.

N. B. - Wheller's cavalry is in South Carolina, following after you as they did in Georgia.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 37. Orangeburg, S. C., February 12, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The next movement of this command will be as follows: The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding will march toward Sandy Run Post-office, making sufficient distance so as to reach that point on the 14th instant. He will take roads one either side, or both ifpracticable, of Caw Caw Swamp. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair, will break the railroad as far north as the State road and send his mounted infantry to burn trestle-work and culverts beyond and endeavor to force the enemy to burn the railroad bridge over the Congaree River. On reaching the State road he will turn to the left and march toward Sandy Run Post-Office, endeavoring to be within four of five miles of that point on the evening of the 14th instant. The bridge train will continue as at present. That part of it with the Fifteenth Army Corps will follow one of the divisions of that corps; that

