HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Shilling's Bridge, S. C., February 12, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHUL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that this division left camp at 7 o'clock this morning, expecting to follow Brigadier General John E. Smith command, but taking a different and out-of-the-way road it went into camp about 1 o'clock this p. m., within three-quarteres of a mile of Shilling's Bridge over the North Edisto, on the road leading to that crossing. My command is camped on the right of the road looking toward the river, with one brigade back on the Orangeburg. My headquarters are near the road.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Orangeburg, S. C., February 12, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHUL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that my division broke camp at 7 a. m. to-day and marched four miles to the South Edisto River, where two regiments were deployed as skirmishers and pushed down to the river bank, and one sent above and one below that point to find crossings. An enemy was found at the point first approached, which proved to be a small brigade. Tree were felled in the river and a crossing effected, when four regiments were pushed over under command of Colonel Wells Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, commanidng Second Brigade, and moving upon the right flank of the enemy drove them from their works, capturing fifty-three officers and men. Several others were cut off from their commands and picked up by other commands. Both of the othe regiments succeeded perfectly in effecting crossings. The division was pushed over and moved to a point near the Orangeburg and Columbia road, about five miles from the latter place, where it camped for the night. My headquarters are with the troops. My losses to-day were 1 killed and 3 wounded.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Keitt's Plantation, S. C., February 12, 1865-11. 45 p. m.

Major M. WOOHDUL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 41, headquarters Fifteenth Army Colrps, I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at Poplar Spring at 8. 30 o'clock this a. m. and marched, crossing North Fork Edisto River at Shilling's Bridge, to this point. The command is encamped in line, the First Brigade, battery, and trains on the right and the Second Brigade on the left of the Orangeburg road, fronting northeast.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

