HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, North Bank Edisto River, S. C., February 12, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHUL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of my command during the 12th instant. Pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding, I moved my division at 7 a. m., following the First Division of this corps for a distance of seven miles, when I met Captain Klosterman, chief engineer Fifteenth Army Corps, who had instructions from the commanding general to direct my column upon a road to the left. I followed this road for about five miles and bivouacked, with troops well in hand, on the left of the road one mile and a half from North Branch Edisto River, on the left of the First Division of this corps, and in support of Major-General Hazen's command, at this time skirmishing with the enemy on opposite bank of the river, remaining in this position during the day. My command has made a quick march of twelve miles, besides placing considerable corduroy, which, however, did not retard the march of the troops, and made camp at 12 m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 39. Orangeburg, S. C., February 12, 1865.

The following are the orderes for to-morrow:

1. Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command forward at 7 a. m. on the road running along the railroad to a point seven miles and a half from Orangeburg, where he will being the destruction of the railroad and continue it until he strikes the State road.

2. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division until he reaches a point three miles and a half from Orangeburg, from where he will destroy the railroad to where General Smith commences. After completing the work assigned he will move forward camp encamp near the junction of the State road and the railroad.

3. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will commence the destruc on of the road in the town and destroy up to the point where General Mower commences, burning the depot and railroad buildings, if not already done. He will leave the regiment now doing provost duty in the town until everything has moved out, with instructions to arrest all stragglers and hold them for punishment. After completing his work he will move forward and encamp with the command.

4. The bridge train will move next after the First Division.

5. The destruction of the road will be as complete as possible.

6. Each division commander will move his train forward to the designated camp with a guard of two regiments.

7. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move across the river at daylight and will protect the right flank of the line of march.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

