HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Shilling's Bridge, February 12, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a dispatch from General Sherman, who is at the crossing of Orangeburg, and says the Seventeenth Corps has effected a lodgment, and he is waiting for the bridge to be laid in order to go into Orangeburg. He also directs that as soon as General Davis communicates with Kilpatrick you will move on Columbia. He wants you to secure a crossing of North Edisto at once. The Fifteenth Corps has a crossing at this place now.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORANGEBURG, February 12, 1865-4. 30 p. m.

General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Move on Columbia with your two corps. Keep to the left of the San Hills. Howard will reach railroad to-morrow toward Columbia, and follow. I will attend the Fifteenth Corps west of Caw Caw Swamp. No road is laid down, but there must be one. We will all be across Edisto to-night. Try and communicate with me the day after to-morrow. Get your left flank on Saluda about the factory.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Weatherston's Plantation, S. C. Numbers 8. February 12, 1865-5 a. m.

General Baird will at once move his division by the most direct road to Johnson's Station (leaving the pontoniers now with him at this point), and will then commence and proceed east, tearing up the railroad.

General Kilpatrick (unless otherwise ordered) will support and cover General Baird while engaged in this work.

General Carlin will move immediately upon the railroad at a point about six or seven miles west of Williston, and will destroy the road to that place.

General Morgan will conduct his division, with the trains of the corps, direct through Williston, and push on toward Guignard's Bridge.

The detachment First Michigan Engineers, now on the railroad, will report to Generals Carlin and Baird, and assist them in the destruction of the railroad.

The greatest possible dispatch will be used in the execution of these movements, as it is important that the commands press on immediately.

Corps headquarters will be along the railroad during the day, and to-night at Williston.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

26 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

