HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Willistonl, S. C., February 12, 1865

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you push on at an early hour in the morning and park all your trains in a good and secure position on the other side of the South Fork of the Edisto and there await orders. General Davis, with General Carlin's division, will reach you during the morning. Your attention is called to the necessity of closely guarding the dam above the bridge, which you are probably already doing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,February 12, 1865

Major-General SLOCUM:

GENERAL: The bridge is finished and the Second Division is moving forward. The enemy have withdrawn. We will commence crossing the trains as soon as Geary has pushed out far enough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. COAST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Pocotaligo, S. C., February 12, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department:

The enemy, fearing a flank attack, evacuated the works at Combahee Ferry last night. They were occupied by Colonel Marple at 8 a. m. My advance had reached Combahee Creek, where the enemy are preparing to make a stout resistance. I did not intend going farther, as I was compelled to guard both flanks, and my command is so small that it was very dangerous should an enemy appear in force. I made day before yesterday and yesterday a demonstration toward crossing Cuckold Creek at two different points. The route from Combahee is only two miles farther than Ashepoo than from Cuckold Creek. By night I will have finished the complete destruction of the railroad and trestles for six miles. I shall fall back part of the way to-night, re-enforce Combahee Ferry, and make my next advance from there. The work at Salkehatchie bridge I am having changed to a tete-de-pont, and will hold it. I should have more troops to make this demonstration effective.

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

