
Fourth. Move pontoons to edge of sand and launch them, building wharf, if needed, of pontoon boats.

Fifth. Send first detachment across, manning pontoons with engineer soldiers, who will return at once for another load. Soldiers must, if banks are shoal, wade to get into and out of boats, and there must be no delay. An engineer officer must see to this on each shore. If hauling lines would save time, put two across-one for boats going, the other returning.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 13, 1865-11. 30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War;

Richmond Whig of to-day contains the following:

CHARLESTON February 10.

A force of the enemy, believed to be from 2,000 to 3,000 strong, landed at Grimball's James Island, at 8 o'clock this morning, and drove in our pickets. Some skirmishing took place, but no general engagement. Grimball's is on the Stono River, about two miles southwest of Charleston, the Ashley River, 2,000 yards wide intervening. The enemy are making active demonstrations at various points, but they are believed to be feints. A force attacked our troops on the Salkehatchie this morning, but were easily repulsed. They also advanced upon the Charleston road near the Blue House, and opened with artillery, but made no impression on our lines. Intelligence from the road to-day reports that the enemy crossed the Edisto at Binnaker's Bridge. The enemy are moving on Edisto.

THE LATEST FROM THE SOUTH. - SHERMAN'S MOVEMENT.

It will be remembered that on Friday, the 4th instant, Sherman crossed the Salkehatchie, between Blackstone and Rivers' Bridge, thereby completely outflanking our forces and compelling them to fall back to Branchville. We have since learned that the Yankees forded the river through water waist-deep at Rivers' Bridge. A sharp engagement took place, which lasted several hours, in which General Wheeler's cavalry inflicted severe injury upon the enemy. On the 8th a heavy column of his infantry struck the South Carolina Railroad at Grahamville, about eighteen miles west of Branchville, while Kilpatrick, with a cavalry force, occupied Blackville, on the same road, about nine milse a little northwest of Grahamville. Then a portion of Sherman's column, it was rumored yesterday, moved forward, crossing the South Edisto and flanking Branchville on the west, and advanced to Orangeburg, on the Columbia and Branchville road, sixteen miles north of the latter point. Orangeburg is a beautiful village of about 1,000 inhabitants, and has been a favority retreat of refugees from Charleston. It was largely engaged in the manufacture of indigo before the war.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant -General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Big Crotchpen Creek, S. C., February 13, 1865

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: General Blair has destroyed the railroad to where the State road crosses the same, and also the trestle-work a little farther. He encamps at that intersection to-night. He reports that the enemy have not destroyed forage, cotton, &amp;c., on his road. I have directed

