HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Big Crotchpen Branch, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at Keitt's plantation near North Edisto River, at 6. 30 this and marched, crossing Caw Caw Swamp on the Orangeburg to Orangeburg and Sandy Run Post Office road, thence north to this point, encamping at about 4 p. m. in line of battle, the First Brigade on east side of road, fronting north, and the Second Brigade on the west side, fronting northwest. These headquarters are established upon the west side of the road immediately in rear of Second Brigade; distance marched, seventeen miles.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH.

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Little Beaver Creekd, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the movements of this division to-day, the 13th instant:

Pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding, I broke camp at 5 a. m., crossing North Branch Edisto River, and passing the First Division of the Fifteenth Corps in bivouac; made a short halt to close my column and admit headquarters teams of the Military Division of the Mississippi and corps. From this point I moved forward upon good roads to Little Beaver Creek, a distance of seventeen miles from my point of departure, and where my troops are now in bivouac in a defensible position and strongly picketed.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION. FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. In the Field, S. C., February 13, 1865

* * * *

II. The troops composing this division will march at 5 o'clock this a. m. on the direct road to Sandy Run Post-Office in the following order:

1. First Brigade Infantry, General Rice commanding, with its train and Battery H, one regiment thrown in rear of the same.

2. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams commanding, with his regiments marching by the side of train, extending them so as to best guard the same.

3. Trains in the following order: First, ambulances; second, five wagons of ordnance train; third, supply train, fourth, ordnance train; fifth, brigade trains.

4. Third Brigade Infantry, Colonel Hurlbut commanding with three regiments in rear of the column and one regiment by the side of the supply train.

