
The pioneer corps will move invariably in advance of the infantry. Commanding officers of troops and officers in charge of trains will exert themselves to keep the column close and compact during the march.

* * * *

IV. The troops composing this division will march at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 14th instant, on the direct Orangeburg, and Columbia, road in the following order:

1. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams commanding, with its train and Battery H, one regiment thrown in rear of the same.

2. Third Brigade Infantry, Colonel Hurlbut commanding, with his regiments marching by the side of train, extending them so as to best guard the same.

3. Trains in the following order: First, ambulances, second, five wagons of ordnance train; third, supply train; fourth, ordnance train; fith, brigade trains.

4. First Brigade Infantry, Brigadier-General Rice commanding, with three regiments thrown in rear of the column, and one regiment by the side of the supply train.

The pioneer corps will move out in advance a few moments before the hour designated.

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse;

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Whaley's, February 13, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My command is encamped two miles northwest of the intersection of the State road and railroad. The road has been completely destroyed up to the State road. The rebels are not burning forage or cotton on our line. We destroy all the latter.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Crotchpen Creek, S. C., February 13, 1865

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL; General Sherman desires that more work be done on the railroad. The general commanding desires you to continue the destruction of the railroad up to noon to-morrow, and for that purpose you detach one division, allowing it to work up to noon to-morrow, and allowing its transportation to move forward with the other two division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

