SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 40. Whaley's Plantation, S. C., February 13, 1865

The following are the orders for to-morrow:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward his command at 7 a. m. on the Sandy Run Post-Office road.

2. The train of the Third Division, with a guard of one regiment, will follow the train of the First Division.

3. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will follow the train of the Third Division, being prepared to move at 9 o'clock.

4. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will commence work on the railroad at 7 a. m. to-morrow at the point where the Fourth Division left off to-day, and will destroy until 12 m., at which hour he will move by the most practicable route to Big Beaver Creek, on the State road, where the command will encamp to-morrow night. He will effectually burn all trestle-work and culverts that may be on the portion of the road destroyed.

5. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will proceed up the railroad to a point four miles from this place, where they will commence to burn all culverts and trestle-work they may strike up to the Congaree, and upon reaching the river they will demonstrate strongly against the bridge, so as to force the enemy to burn it, or, if practicable burn it themselves. Having accomplished this, they will proceed by the river road to camp on Big Beaver Creek.

6. The bridge train will follow the train of the Fourth Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORTH EDISTO, February 13, 1865-7 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi;

We secured the bridge last night and have already rebuilt it. We lost fifteen men killed and wounded. Shall move forwared to-day about ten miles. Davis is not up. I shall send a party to build the bridge over North Fork for him. Kilpatrick is at Johnson's the first station east of Aiken. He had skirmish on Saturday in which he lost fifty men. I shall communicate with you to-morrow.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS. FIELD ORDERS, Guignard's Bridge, S. C., Numbers 9. February 13, 1865.

General Morgan will move to-morrow at 6 a. m. from his present position by the direct road to Horsey's Bridge, over the North Fork of the Edisto.

General Carlin will march at 6 a. m., and will follow General Morgan.

General Baird will take charge of all the trains now at this point, and will follow the column, marching at 6 a. m.

The cavalry will cross South Fork of Edisto in rear of General Baird.

