
The pontonier and First Michigan Engineers will be reported by their commanding officer to General Morgan, and will march under his direction until further orders.

Corps headquarters will move in rear of General Morgan.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Guignard's Bridge, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you at once order a brigade of your division to relieve the brigade of General Mitchell (Morgan's division), which is now guarding the trains of the corps at this point. This brigade will remain in charge of the trains until it is relieved by further orders, which will probably be to-night or to-morrow morning. A company will at once relieve the company of General Mitchell's brigade now guarding the mill and dam. Very close watch will be kept upon the latter, as its destruction involves the entire destruction of the crossing of the Edisto. You will cross the remainder of your command in rear of General Mitchell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS Numbers 4. Near Jones' Cross-Roads, February 13, 1865.

Hereafter foraging parties sent out must not consist of less than fifty men, under command of a commissioned officer (without especial permission from these headquarters), who will at all times keep his men well in hand, and will under no pretense allow them to enter houses for purpose of plunder. Within the last few days several men have been captured by straggling from parties sent out for the purpose of foraging. Division and brigade commanders will make it their especial attention to see that this order is promulgated through quartermasters, commissaries, surgeons, ordnance, and all other officers, to all men under their command.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 5. Near Jones' Cross-Roads, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Hereafter cattle herds, in crossing swamps, rivers, &amp;c., where it is impossible for them to be marched on the flanks of the column, will be driven in rear of their respective brigades, and where division herds are formed, in rear of the division. Captain Bickford will cause his herd to be driven in the rear of the corps supply train.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

