
ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Jones' Cross-Roads, S. C., February 13, 1865.

This command will move to-morrow toward Lexington, as follows: First Division at 7 a. m,. Second Division at 8 a. m. Third Division at 9 a. m. General Jackson will march his entire command, unencumbered, in advance. General Geary will dispose of his troops so as to cover and effectually protect the trains of his own and General Jackson's division. The batteries will march in the same order as to-day. General Ward will march three regiments in rear of the train, as a rear guard. Division commanders will promulgate this order to their division quartermaster, and will see that the trains march in their proper places. The following is the assignment of the cavalry train: Second Brigade and ambulance train with the train of the First Division; First and Third Brigades with the Second Division; cavalry supply train with the Third Division. The train of the Michigan Engineers will march at the head of the train of the leading division.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,February 13, 1865. (Received 4. 30 p. m. 17th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch* contains the latest information from General Sherman's army. His instructions in regard to Bull's Bay are now being carried out. General Hatch is north of the Combahee River, and will push forward. I shall visit him to-morrow and remain with him some days, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 13, 1865

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL; I have the honor to report that I assumed command of this department on the evening of the 9th instant. I started the same night to set on foot a demonstration which General Sherman had ordered to be made on the 8th at Bull's Bay, S. C., but which General Foster delayed because General Sherman's advance had been somewhat retarded by bad roads. Before the troops were ready to embark from Folly Island, where they had been rendezvoused, I ascertained that my presence was required at Hilton Head, and therefore left Brigadier-General Potter to take charge of the demonstration, in co-operation with a suitable force from the navy. I have since learned that the landing would probably be effected yesterday. General Potter's orders were to seize the principal roads leading to the interior, throw

---------------

*See Sherman to Foster, February 7, p. 338.

---------------

