
to prevent the enemy from sending troops away from the defenses of Charleston to re-enforce those engaged against General Sherman. It would appear that the enemy would not have dared to withdraw troops from my front even without this demonstration. My further object was to make the enemy withdraw troops from his right and left wings, that is, from Adams' Run and Andersonville and Mount Pleasant, so as to facilitate the operations of General Hatch and General Potter. What forces, if any, the enemy has withdrawn from Adams' Run I do not yet know. General Hardee, is however, now personally commanding in Charleston. As to the left wing of the enemy, we have fully succeeded by this demonstration on James Island and in the harbor in causing him to withdraw the troops from Andersonville, Mount Pleasant and to a great extent from Sullivan's Island, and General Potter will probably have met with little or no resistance yesterday. It is my intention to keep up these demonstrations and keep the enemy in and around Charleston as uneasy as possible. I therefore beg you to advance again to-morrow morning (Tuesday, February 14), in about the same manner as on February 10, and support my infantry, a small force of which will again cross over to James Island. I have sent a copy of this letter to Captain Scott, commanding naval forces off Charleston. Colonel Kozlay will call on you and make all necessary arrangements with you.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, Numbers 3. Morris Island, S. C., February 13, 1865.

I hereby tender my thanks to the commanders of posts and to the officers and enlisted men of this command for the hearty and efficient manner in which orders have been executed by them during the past week on James Island, as well as in Charleston Harbor. The cheerful performance of their duty on the part of the men is so much the more deserving of high credit, as they were worn out by months of hard fatigue and outpost duty. The brilliant conduct of the skirmishers of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, under the skillful command of Captain Gustav Blau, of that regiment, elicits my especial admiration. Soldiers we have yet a few days of hard work before us. Keep up, therefore your good will and cheerful spirits as you have done, and your exertions will soon find their reward.

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Colonel E. A. KOZLAY,

Commanding Post, Folly Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The enemy has ordered artillery and infantry back to Mount Pleasant and Christ Church against General Potter. We must try to keep as many of them in our front as possible, and you will therefore again demonstrate on or against James Island. If the navy supports you, you will cross over to-morrow, February 14, in

