
the forenoon from the left of Cole's Island to Battery and James Islands after the artillery has cleared the ground. You will cross over with infantry only, and not advance your skirmishers farther than the line of rifle-pits extending from the bridge on the right of Cole's Island in a northerly direction. Your patrols may advance farther. Your line will remain in the rifle-pits in the rear and to the west of the line of rifle-pits mentioned. You will make a show of your force. You will retire from James Island before dark, from Battery Island after dark. You will have men work on the bridge on the right of Cole's Island for at least four hours, but lay it only half way and take the planks back again after dark. Should the navy not be able to co-operate with you, you will cross over to Battery Island in the afternoon and send a small party only over to James Island, and the right of Cole's Island and the mortar schooner will open fire after sunrise to-morrow. The detachment of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops and such other troops as can be spared should march at once noisily to the right of Cole's Island so that they can be seen and heard; march back to the left silently after dark and again noisily to the right. The same orders you will give to the Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers when they arrive. This regiment will need a guide. All this will make the enemy believe that a large force is gathering on our outpost line. The men may light fires and cook on James Island as well as on Cole's Island. If you meet with resistance you may retire. Have mock guns placed in the battery on the left of Cole's Island until the guns for that battery arrive.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

EDW. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., February 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BENNETT,

Commanding Post, Morris Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: You will order at once without delay all the available officers and men of the Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers to report forthwith to Colonel Kozlay, at Stono Landing. They will be provided with three days' rations, &amp;c., in accordance with former orders on this subject. The detailed men in the quartermaster's and commissary departments will remain.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, February 13, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your letter of January 21* I received a few days after it was written, and you may rest assured that I shall not neglect anyof the instructions therein contained. General Grant, accompanied by

---------------

*See p. 111.

---------------

