SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 73. Washington, February 14, 1865.

* * * *

60. First Lieutenant Isaac S. Lyon, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay to the chief signal officer serving with General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi for assignment to duty.

61. The following-named officers are hereby relieved from duty in the Department of North Carolina, and will report in person without delay to Captain Charles L. Davis, chief signal officer, Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty: Second Lieutenant E. S. Moffatt, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; Second Lieutenant Robert E. Duvall, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE

Near Sandy Run, S. C., February 14, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Lieutenant McQueen, with several scouts, went yesterday to Fort Motte. He heard that the enemy had the railroad bridge all ready to set fire to on the approach of our troops. He picked up near the State road two prisoners who belong to Conner's brigade of Longstreet's corps. Their brigade, 1,500 strong, had been guarding a bridge over Four-Hole Swamp, in the expectation that we would advance on Charleston from Orangeburg. They did not know of any more troops being here from their corps other than Conner's brigade. Citizens report that the enemy is making works about three miles beyond the railroad bridge.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - A scout just in reports that the enemy burned the railroad bridge over the Congaree on the approach of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry (at 1 p. m.). The scout went up to the bridge. There appeared to be about a regiment on the other side.

O. O. H.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, Near Sandy Run Post-Office, S. C., Numbers 38. February 14, 1865.

I. The movement to-morrow will commence at 7 a. m. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move by the State road toward Columbia with three of his divisions, carefully reconnoiter the enemy's works across the Congaree Creek, being careful not to expose his column to the enemy's artillery. With his other division he will make a demonstration at Bates' Ferry, and, if it can be done, throw a pontoon across at that point. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, will close up on the

