
Fifteenth Army Corps as far as Seven Hunt Run, and await orders His movement will begin at 8. 30 a. m. Each corps commander will endeavor to shorten his column during halts as much as possible by massing the troops. General Blair will reconnoiter with his mounted infantry well to the left, to ascertain a practicable crossing of Congaree Creek to the left of the State road. In case the enemy give way from General Slocum's movement, the command will move straight on Columbia, the Fifteenth Army Corps leading. Headquarters Army of the Tennessee will follow the second division in order of march. Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer of the department, will direct the bridge train to move to Bates' Ferry at the time it may be required.

II. Captain William C. Palmer, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is hereby detailed for special service as acting commissary of subsistence and acting assistant quartermaster and will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel D. Remick, chief commissary of subsistence Department and Army of the Tennessee.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Baker's Plantation, S. C., February 14, 1865.

I. The following is announced as the badge of this corps: A miniature cartridge-box, black, one-eighth of an inch thick, fifteen-sixteenths of an inch wide, and thirteen-sixteenths of an inch deep, set transversely on a field of cloth or metal one and five-eighths of an inch square; above the cartridge-box plate will be stamped or marked in a curve the motto, "Forty Rounds. " The field on which the cartridge-box is set will be red for the First Division white for the Second Division, blue for the Third Division, and yellow for the Fourth Division. For the headquarters of the corps the field will be parti-colored, of red, white, blue, and yellow.

II. The badge will invariably be worn upon the hat or cap.

III. It is expected that this badge will be worn constantly by every to take pride in its badge, surely that has which looks back through the long and glorious line of Wilson's Creek, Henry, Donelson, Shiloh, Russel House, Corinth, Iuka, Town Creek, Chickassaw Bayou, Vicksburg, Jackson, Cherokee Station, Lookout Mountain, Missionary Ridge, Ringgold, Knoxville, Resaca, Kingston, Dallas, New Hope Church, Big Shanty, Kenesaw Mountain, Nickajack, Decatur, the 22nd and 28th of July before Atlanta, Jonesborough, Lovejoy's, Allatoona Pass, Grahamville, Fort McAllister and scores of minor struggles; the corps which had its birth under Grant and Sherman in the darker days of our struggle; the corps which will keep on striking until the death of the rebellion.

IV. For the present, good temporary badges can be made easily by any soldier in the corps. When communication is re-estabished with the North commanders can procure very handsome ones for their men at a nominal cost.

V. Division and brigade commanders are requested to examine plans for division and brigade flags at these headquarters.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General

