SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. Near Sandy Run Post-Office, February 14, 1865.

I. The orders for to-morrow, are as follows:

1. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will have the advance, and will move forward on the State road at 8. 30 a. m.

2. Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will follow the Third Division, being prepared to move at 9. 30 o'clock.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division, being prepared to move at 10. 30 o'clock.

4. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will receive directions from Captain Henley, aide-de-camp.

5. The bridge train will follow the train of the rear division.

6. During a halt division commanders will close up by massing the troops and doubling the trains.

II. In order to provide against a scarcity of provisions hereafter, no more hard bread will be issued until further orders.

Full rations of sugar, coffee, and salt, will be issued, and the troops will depend on foraging parties of subsistence.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

February 14, 1865

Major-General DAVIS;

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: The Twentieth Corps is at the junction of the road leading from Horsey's Bridge to the mouth of Congaree Creek with the road from Lexington to Big Bull Swamp. It is the cross-roads just south of Sand Hills. It will move to-morrow to the cross-roads just over Red Branch. I wish you to move forward as early as possible to Lexington, taking the Barnwell road, passing near Bethel Church. You will be very near me when you cross the Two Notch road, and I wish you would call and see me at that point. If you reach there before I do please wait until I arrive. Kilpatrick should protect your left and rear.

Yours, respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS. FIELD ORDERS, Hutton's House, S. C., Numbers 10. February 14, 1865.

The troops of the corps will move to-morrow as follows:

General Carlin will march at 6 a. m. upon Lexington by the direct road running through his camp toward Mims' and Horse Creek Post-Office and the Barnwell road, via Bethel Church and Lybrand's. He will be accompanied by and give the necessary orders to the pontoniers and First Michigan Engineers, who will be reported to him to-night by their commanding officers.

Corps headquarters, with reserve artillery, and ammunition train, will move in rear of General Carlin.

