
General Morgan will move immediately in rear of reserve artillery.

General Baird, marching at 6 a. m. with the trains of the corps, will conduct them via this point and follow the column on the road indicated.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS

Columbia Cross-Roads, S. C., February 14, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Lexington, as follows; Second Division, at 7 a. m. Third Division, at 8 a. m. ; First Division, at 9 a. m. General Geary will march the troops of his division, unencumbered, as the advance. General Jackson will detail three regiments to march as rear guard. A section of artillery will accompany it. One battery of artillery will march in rear of General Geary's advanced brigade. The balance of the artillery will march immediately in rear of the troops of the Second Division. The Michigan Engineers, with their train, will march at the head of the trains of the Second Division, starting at 7 a. m. General Ward will dispose of his troops so as to protect the trains of his own and General Geary's divisions. As we are in the immediate presence of the enemy commanding officers are enjoined to exercise great caution in sending out foraging parties. Neither officers nor men should be permitted to leave the column, except in parties strong enough to protect themselves.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams;

CHAS. MOYER

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

NORFOLK, VA., February 14, 1865

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Headquarters Armies of the United States, City Point:

I have the honor to report that I left Hilton Head on the 11th instant on the steamship Arago, and arrived in Hampton Roads last night, having experienced a northeasterly gale off Hatteras. Major-General Gillmore relieved me of the command of the Department of the South on the 9th instant. Themilitary news that I bring is not important. A report had reached Hilton Head as I was leaving that Sherman had taken Branchville, but I could not trace it to any reliable source. The rebels had fallen back from the Combahee River, and General Hatch had orders to follow and destroy the railroad. He had crossed the Combahee, advancing toward the Ashepoo River. General E. E. Potter, with a small brigade, had demonstrated from Edisto Island toward Willstown, but found the enemy in force. On the 8th, 9th, and 10th he demonstrated, supported by General Schimmelfennig, on James Island, but found the enemy still in force there. The force then had orders to proceed to Bull's Bay, and hold the roads by which the enemy might escape from Mount Pleasant. I am to leave for Baltimore to-night, to obtain surgical relief from my present disability.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

