HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Savannah, Ga., February 14, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE.

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, by direction of the major-general commanding, the headquarters of the Military Division of the Mississippi are this day established at the city of Savannah, under direction of Brigadier General J. D. Webster, chief of staff to the major-general commanding. An office for the transaction of the general business of the command is this day opened at the Bank of the State of Georgia in this city, with the following-named officers on duty therein: Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Sawyer, assistant-general; Captain M. Rochester, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. L. Anderson, acting assistant adjutant-general.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brevet Major-General Grover, commanding District of Savannah.)

FLAG-STEAMER HARVEST MOON,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., February 14, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Headquarters Hilton Head:

SIR: I have just received your communication of the 14th, stating that "a naval demonstration up the Edisto would aid General Hatch, and might open communication with him if made to-morrow or next day. " You ask if it will be in my power "to afford asny co-operation ini that quarter?" With little exception the only vessels of the squadron that could ascend the Edisto so far as to give the appearance of reality to any demonstration are now absent at Bull's Bay, co-operating with your detachment at that place. When you will inform me that they can be spared from that service I will direct them to the Edisto without delay. The Pontiac, now remaining at Savannah by request of General Grover, could also be used if she could be spared. The present weather will unavoidably retard all naval movements whilst it lasts. I send herewith, for your information, a deciphered copy of General Sherman's disaptch to me. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Real-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 20. Hilton Head, S. C., February 14, 1865.

Bvt. Major General R. Saxton, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service for the Department of the South, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

---------------

*See 7th, p. 328.

---------------

