
of this command for the prominent part they have so successfully borne in the extensive and important operations referred to by the commander-in-Chief. *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 10. Beaufort, S. C., January 12, 1865.

III. The movement of the Seventeenth Army Corps, as ordered by Special Field Orders, Numbers 9, from these headquarters, is postponed one day.

Major-General Blair will cause his command to be moved to the vicinity of Port Royal Ferry to-morrow and the preparations for crossing will be completed by the day after.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THUNDERBOLT, January 12, 1865-1 p.m.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that there still remains here ready for embarkation of the Seventeenth Army Corps about as follows: General Blair's headquarters, 25 wagons, 250 animals; Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, 16 wagons, 1,150 animals, 50 ambulances, six-gun battery (equal to 12 wagons), 100 animals; department headquarters, 110 animals; signal corps, 25 animals; pontoon train, 110 animal; total, 103 wagons, 1, 745 animals. I am advised by officers of the Seventeenth Army Corps, now here, that at the average rate of shipment they will not all embark before to-morrow night or next day morning, after which we can commence on the transportation of the First Division of our corps. About one-third of General Woods' troops are gone and others embarking with the Seventeenth Corps transportation, some without taking their regimental wagons; others do not get even it on board. The troops of the First Division can all go at once if directed, and commence on the troops of the Second Division to-morrow afternoon, if necessary. Hardly and of these vessels but would carry a brigade of men after all transportation is on board. The great trouble is to store the animals on these Little boats. I do not believe we can ship any of the Second Division transportation before Sunday afternoon or Monday, if them. Please advise the general that I will be in Savannah again to-night, and may be able to give him more satisfactory information then.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps.

---------------

* See Vol. XLIX, p. 16.

---------------

