
Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will bridge the Congaree Creek near his present position and close up on the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps. All trains will close up on their respective corps as soon as the roads are in readiness. The pontoon trains will move forward and park near the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Congaree Creek, February 15, 1865

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you I have established my headquarters south of Congaree Creek, on the right-hand side of the road just at the bridge. The corps is in camp, the First and Second Divisions in line on the other side of the creek, and the Fourth Division in reserve, one brigade across the creek. The trains of the corps are in park about two miles back, with the Third Division in position covering the park.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 46. On Congaree Creek, S. C., February 15, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Should the enemy leave our front during the night the movements on Columbia, S. C., will be continued to-morrow morning in the following order: Major-General Hazen, commanding Second Division, having the right, will move at 8 a. m. along the State road to that point, the First Division will follow the Second Division; the Fourth Division will follow the First Division. The troops will move in light order; trains to be parked in the fields just this side of Congaree Creek. The ambulance trains and ordnance wagons, with ammunition, to make 100 rounds per man, will move with the troops; the rest of the trains will remain in park. The result of the demonstration ordered for daylight to-morrow will be reported as soon as anything may be ascertained. The Third Division, Major-General Smith commanding, will break camp at 7 a. m., moving forward in rear of the Fourth Division. His train will park with the other trains of the corps, except the ambulance train and a sufficient number of ordnance wagons.

* * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Little Congaree River, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that at 7 a. m. I started out of camp, taking the direct road toward Columbia. Within less than a mile from

