HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Congaree Creek, S. C., February 15, 1865.

[General C. R. WOODS:]

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct you to push forward your skirmish line at daylight to-morrow morning, to ascertain whether the rebels are still in our front, and if so, to develop their position and as far as possible the character of the force occupying their works. Please report the result of the demonstration as soon as anything may be ascertained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Hazen.)
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Congaree Creek, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I broke camp this morning at 8. 30 a. m., marching to a point about two miles north of the Congaree Creek near the Congaree River, where the division went into position in line of battle, making works in its front, the right resting on the Congaree River. During the night the enemy from across the river fired artilleryinto the camp at regular intervals, killing 1 and wounding 2. My headquarters are with the division.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Tom's Creek, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at 7 o'clock this a. m., but was unable, owing to the roads being occupied by the trains of other divisions, to move to exceed half a mile until 11 o'clock when it moved to Bates' Ferry, on Congaree River, at which place, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, a demonstration was made by both artillery and infantry. About twenty-five or thirty of the enemy, apparently a picket guard, were discovered upon the opposite side of the river, who fled upon their being fired upon. In compliance with orders from headquarters, one regiment has been left at the ferry as picket guard. The remainder of the command is encamped at this place, the trains upon the right and the troops upon the left of the main Columbia road. These headquarters are established upon the left of the road and about 100 yards south of Tom's Creek.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH.

Brevet Major-General.

