HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Boozer's House, February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your command at 6 a. m. to-morrow via the cross-roads at this point and through Lexington by Leaphart's upon Columbia.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Lexington, S. C., February 15, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Columbia, as follows: Third Division at 7 a. m. First Division at 7. 30 a. m. Second Division unencumbered in the advance. The Second Division will cover the whole trains of the corps. General Geary will also march one brigade as rear guard. One section of artillery will accompany the rear guard. One battery will march immediately in rear of the advanced brigade of the Third Division; the balance of the artillery will lmarch immediatelyin rear of the Third Division. The wagons, battery wagons, and forges of the artillery will march immediately in rear of the trains of the Michigan Engineers, who will march with their troops and trains immediately in rear of the troops of the First Division, starting at 8 a. m. All foraging to-morrow must be done along the road over which we march; no foraging parties will be sent from the column.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Lexington, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division;

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding the corps directs that you send at once a brigade of infantry from your command to occupy and hold Lexington. A battery of artillery has been ordered to report to you to accompany the brigade. The general thinks the brigade should be pushed through the town and intrenched on the opposite side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Lexington, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding the corps direts me to infrom you that a division of the Fourteenth Corps has been

