
ordered to Lexington, to hold the town. They will arrive there probably within the next hour. They will relieve your brigade. As soon as relieved the general desires that you will bring back both the infantry and artillery and have them join their respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 15, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah;

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to a letter from Major General H. W. Halleck, bearing date of December 31, 1864, a copy of which I inclose,* directing that the wives and families of officers in the rebel armies now residing in Savannah be sent from that city into the rebel lines. You will please have a correct and complete list of all such parties forwarded to these headquarters on or before the 23rd day of February, instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Savannah, February 15, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

Your telegram, ordering me to hold a regiment in readiness to relieve the garrison at Fort Pulaski is received. In reply, I would respectfully refer to my telegram with regard to the detachment of 1,000 men.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Federal Point, February 15, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: General Sherman's instructions to me, through General Foster, a copy of which I inclose,+ make the capture of Kinston of primary importance, and seem to regard that of Wilmington as secondary, while your instructions under which I am acting, make the capture of Wilmington the first object. The difference will be immaterial if I succeed in making any considerable advance along the Wilmington the first object. The difference will be immaterial if I succeed in making any considerable advance along the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad before General Sherman comes up. If not, it occurs to me that it may embarras General Sherman if he does not know exactly with I am doing and to what pint he must look for

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV, p. 846.

+See Sherman to Foster, January 29, p. 163.

---------------

