
side of Reeves' Point, except scouting parties, since the fall of Fort Fisher. I sent about 100 men down the Lockwood's Folly road, under command of Major Jones, One hundred and foty-second New York State Volunteerse, who advanced six and a half miles, meeting but four rebels, and finding the road good. I append an imperfect sketch* of the county so far as surveyed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. BARNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 142nd New York State, Vols., Commanding Post.

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General INNIS N. PALMER.

Commanding District of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letterse of 2nd, 7th and 8th instant, relating to confidential instructions and inclosing requisitions. General Sherman's general plans, so far as he had himself elaborated them, were communicated to me in conversation at Savannah. The animals referred to will bring their own wagons with them to whatever point on the sea coast he may touch. He sent requisitions North for supplies to be collected at Port Royal, and to be held in readiness for his use whenever he, by communicating with the navy on the coat, should call for them. Steamers are at Port Royal, to be used in the transportation of his supplies. The railroad repair was sent by him to North Carolina. The stores, wagons, &amp;c., which you ask for local use have been ordered, and will be forwarded as they can be obtained. Heavy demands have lately been made upon our Eastern depots by the sudden movement of troops from the West, requiring a new outfit here, and we are short of ambulances and some of the things for which you ask. The steamers of very light draft in the possession of the department are either within your reach in North Carolina or are at Savannah, with the exception of Western river boats, and are sent from Maine to Mobile. General Easton, General Sherman's chief quartermaster remained at Savannah to regulate the question of supplies, and, as General Sherman's command includes the Department of the South, he has control of the river steamers captured at Savannah and of the light-draft steamers sent to Port Royal and Savannah to aid in supplying General Sherman's troops, as well as of those which have heretofore constituted the transportation of the Department of the South. So many of these as he finds necessary he will, if the ocean will permit, take to the new base. I do not think that we shall be able to send you a steamer of 30-inch draft, but the chief of the division of army transportation has had his attention called to your request, and it will be done, if practicable. The charter of the Ulysses, if in accordance with the usual terms and the law, will be approved. The law requires certain inspection. General Schofield is in command in North Carolina, to co-operate with General Sherman, and General Gillmore has gone to Hilton Head, Foster being lame and coming North to submit to another operation.

Wishing you every success, I am, respectfully and truly, your obedient servant and friend,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

