
CITY POINT, VA., February 16, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Whig of to-day has the following:

FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.

We are indebted to the Express Company for Augusta papers of the 10th, from which we learn that the Yankees on Thursday morning were at Windsor, about fifteen miles from Aiken; it is not known in what force. No movements were made by them on Thursday; cause of this not ascertained. The troops in the vicinity of Windsor are Kilpatrick's corps. It is reported that Generals Hampton and Wheeler engaged the enemy on the 7th and 8th, repulsing them at all points. Our loss is about seventy, killed, wounded, and missing; that of the enemy much greater. The enemy are reported to be massing toward the Congaree River. A gentleman from Columbia states that Slocum's corps is moving on that city on this side of the Edisto. His main line, when last heard from, was on the railroad. it is stated in Columbia that Kilpatrick's corps is protecting Slocum's left. It is ascertained that Potter is again moving on Charleston. When last heard from he was at Green pond. It is not known where Sherman himself is. Barnwell Court-House was burned on Monday night. The roads are teeming with vehicles, stock, and all kinds of movable property, fleeing for Georgia and upper Carolina.

SHERMAN'S MOVEMENTS.

The Express of yesterday says that--

Parties who left Columbia on Friday evening last represent it as the belief in Columbia that Sherman had cut loose entirely from the various points upon which he had demonstated, and was hastening with all possible rapidity toward Kingsville or Columbia, possibly both. All movements toward Branchville, Charleston, and Augusta seem to have been abandoned. From Blackville, and Orangeburg there is an excellent country road, and as Sherman appears to have got somewhat the start of our forces, considerable apprehensions were felt at Columbia that he would reach there before he could be overtaken.

The Congaree, a considerable stream, has to be crossed before reaching either Kingsville or Columbia, but Sherman has pontoon trains and an efficient engineer corps with him, and crosses streams with surprising facility. Extensive preparations were being made at Columbia to receive the great flanker, and it was hoped that he would at least be held in check until our forces could come up.

Sherman is said to have a very large army, and he may divide, sending one column to Kingsville and the other to Columbia. This would enable him to destroy the Columbia and Charlotte and Wilmington and Manchaster railroads at one and the same time, provided he is not checked. It is also stated that Sherman is but little encumbered with commissary and quartermaster's trains. Relying upon his great success in Georgia, he feeds his men and horses off the country as he moves, and all that they do not consume he destroys.

FROM NORTH CAROLINA.

The Wilmington paper says that the usually quiet citizens of Little River and the surrounding countryhave been recentlu disturbed by the landing of a considerable force of Yankees in their midst. It is understood that the object is to strike the Manchaster railroad at a point in the vicinity of Whiteville, in Columbus County.

The same paperse says: The air in our own town yesterday seemed very much impregnated with some whisperings in relation to important movements which we decline publishing, as we are in secret session and officially reticent.

