
sible and to push a brigade into Columbia to-night directs me to request you to push one of your brigades across the stream and throw up a bridge-head covering the crossing. Leaving a sufficient guard in this work, you will please push this brigade into Columbia along the direct road so that the city may be occupied by daylight. In making this movement you will please instruct the commanding officer of your advance brigade to move cautiously on the city with a good advance guard and flankers thrown out along the column. Should he meet with too serious opposition he will fall back slowlyon the bridge-head and there hold his position. It will be understood, however, that the opposition must be serious, as it is necessary to occupy the city by an early hour to-morrow. As soon as the bridge has been laid you will please cross the rest of your command and move in support of your advance brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report hat in obedience to orders I send forward my skirmish line at daylight this morning, and that they found the country west of the Congaree and Saluda Rivers evacuated by the enemy. At 8 a. m. the division moved opposite Columbia, and soon after to the crossing of the Saluda near Saluda Factory, where two regiments were crossing in boats, driving away the enemy, and afterwards the entire division crossed and pushed on to the Broad, but failed to save the bridge. Early this morning two men were wounded from the shots of the enemy across the Congaree River. My headquarters are at the white house, about a half mile west of the Broad River.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 43. Near Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865.

Division commanders will cause their white pioneer corps to report at once to captain Kossak, chief engineer, at the houses that are near the battery that is playing on the city.

II. Division commanders will cause all animals in their commands ridden by unauthorized persons to be seized at the crossing of the Broad River. They will dispose of the serviceable animals in their batteries, escort companies, trains, and quartermaster's department. The worthless ones will be shot.

III. The following are the orders for to-morrow:

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance in crossing the river, and will be prepared to move at daylight, but will not move until he receives orders.

Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will be prepared to move at 7 o'clock and will follow the First Division.

