
Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth, Division, will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will follow the Third Division.

The trains will move with their respective divisions.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Zion Church, S. C., Numbers 11. February 16, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows:

General Carlin will move at 6 a. m., taking the main road frojm Columbia up the Saluda River via the Dutch Church; at that point taking the right-hand road until nearly opposite, Eleazar or Rockville Post-Office, and thence striking across the that point.

General Morgan will move at 6 a. m., crossing the Saluda River and taking the road via South Oakville Post-Office and Metts', and opposite the mouth of Wateree Creek, or Freshly's, at which point he will receive further instructions.

General Baird, with the trains of the corps, will move at 7 a. m. on the the direct road to Columbia until he reaches Draft's house; thence take the left-hand rod, via this point, and, crossing the river, will take the rod used by General Morgan's division.

Corps headquarters train, with the reserve artillery and ammunition train, the First Michigan Engineers, and the pontoon train, will move at 7 in the rear of General Morgan's division.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Zion Church as follows: First Divsiion at 8 a. m., Second Division at 9 a. m, Third Division at 10 a. m., Each division will cover its own train. General Jackson will march one unencumbered brigade in the advance. General Ward will march two regiments as rear guard. One section of artillery will accompany the rear guard; the balance of the artillery will march immediately in rear of the advance brigade. The Michigan Engineers, with their trains, will follow the artillery, starting at 8 a. m.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,In the Field, Lexington, S. C., February 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have the at my headquarters a discharged Confederate soldier, who left Richmond Saturday evening last at 6 p. m. He left Columbia yesterday evening. He reports R. E. Lee, and Longstreet

29 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

