HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., January 12, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully make the following report of the facts relative to the flag of truce which took place in Charleston Harbor this day:

At 9 a.m. I received a signal dispatch from Captain Scott, the commanding officer of the fleet, stating that a Captain Audenried was at the fleet with some citizens of Savannah to be sent through our lines by a flag of truce at Cole's Island. I immediately sent one of my aides to Captain Scott to obtain more particular information of the matter. He reported to me that my signal sergeant had made an error in the dispatch, which should have read Charleston Harbor instead of Cole's Island; that Captain Audenried represented himself as being one of General Shermans' staff, and that he was sent here for the above-mentioned business by the order of General Sherman. Captain Scott was unable to inform me whether the officer had any written authority or instructions, but suffered the steamer to pass the picket monitor to the rendezvous of exchange. As I had received no instructions from Major-General Foster in regard to the truce I acted upon my previous orders, and at once stopped the steamer in its progress before it had communicated with the rebel tug. I then dispatched my aide to confer with Captain Audenried, and to discover whether he was clothed with any written authority. If he were not my orders were to suspend the flag of truce. Not having such credentials, Captain Audenried came ashore to me at Fort Strong, and stated that this orders were verbal from General Sherman to transfer the parties. Upon such authority I told him I could not permit it, but while conversing with him I unexpectedly received the desired instructions from Major-General Foster, and at once allowed him to proceed. I regret to say that the dispatch referred to was culpably delayed in being forwarded to me by some now unknown parties, who, when discovered, will be severely punished. The unfortunate delay caused by this neglect of the quartermaster or captain of the steamer lasted about one hour.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., January 12, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South;

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication of the 11th instant from Major Anderson, aide-de-camp, containing information relative to a flag-of-truce boat sent here by order of General Sherman, and also apprising me of the intended visit of the honorable the Secretary of War to this island. The instructions therein contained will be fully carried out. I have also the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant,

