
creek has to be passed before reaching it, which would require a bridge. He thinks it a bad place to attempt a crossing. The enemy have a picket on the opposite bank, on the bluff which overlooks the ferry and which commands the low lands on this side. He also reports a ferry about one mile and a half below, at Swygert's Mill, where the road is good to the water, with the bluff on this side commanding the low lands on the opposite. The enemy also have a picket at this point, but the colonel says they can be easily dislodged. The river is about 400 feet wide, and may be 500. Forage is plenty. The colonel has captured thirty horses and mules and the men are constantly bringing them in. There is a ford on the Saluda at Dreher's Mills, about four miles from this point, but whether it could be now forded is doubted by the people here. I have just been informed of it, and will send a scout to that [point] to determine the matter. I have left Colonel Jones encamped near the ferry, which I suppose is correct. If not, let me hear from you. Captain MacKnight, of my staff, accompanies Colonel Jones, and fully corroborates his statements. Captain MacKinght thinks the Saluda 250 yards wide.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,February 15 [16], 1865-3. 30 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded for information of Major-General Davis. Only about 1,500 of Wheeler's people found through Lexington; the remaining portion of his command is now crossing ten miles above this point. If 500 feet of pontoon bridging can be spared me I can cross at the point indicated by Colonel Jones, scatter and break Wheeler up. The entire country in our rear is now free of the enemy, and I can leave this point, so far as the enemy is concerned. I need horses and can capture them on the opposite side. The country is rich. My orderly will bring reply.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Zion Church, February 16, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER,

Savannah:

I am this moment in receipt of your dispatch of the 14th in reference to General Grover's command. His force is amply sufficient to garri-

