HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Federal Point, N. C., February 16, 1865.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have not had an opportunity of communicating with you since the receipt of your instructions from General Sherman, and now avail myself of your dispatch boat to acknowledge the receipt of your orders, inclosing those of General Sherman, and also of his progress. My troops have been much delayed in getting transportation from WAshington. Less than half of them have yet arrived. Hence, I have been able to do very little. I shall, however, move against Fort Anderson to-morrow, and hope to get Wilmington in a few days. If I succeed in this I will then open the railroad toward Goldsborough as far and as rapidly as practicable. Should I fail to get Wilmington, which is possible, if it be re-enforced from Richmond, I would then secure possession of the west bank of Cape Fear River, and open communication with General Sherman in the direction of Florence. In any event, I will have supplies for General Sherman's army at the best point attainable. General Grant came here with me and gave me the orders under which I am acting, which differ somewhat from those sent by General Sherman. If you are in safe communication with General Sherman please explain this to him, and inform him what I am doing. In addition to my movement against Wilmington, I have increased General Palmer's force at New Berne by 5,000 men, and ordered him to take Kinston, or at least the railroad crossing of Neuse River. you have doubtless received the War Department orders creating the Department of North Carolina.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 3. Federal Point, N. C., February 16, 1865.

The following officers are assigned to duty as members of the departmental staff. Reports will be made and business transacted through them, in accordance with existing order and regulations:

Colonel George S. Dodge, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Treat, acting chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. Edward Shippen, acting medical director; Captain William J. Twining, aide-de-camp, chief engineer.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 4. Federal Point, N. C., February 16, 1865.

First Lieutenant E. H. Russell, Signal Corps U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with orders from the War Department, is announced as chief signal officer of the Department of North Carolina.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

