
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 41. Columbia, S. C., February 17, 1865.

The following operations of this command will take place to-morrow: The Fifth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, commencing at 7 a.m., will complete the destruction of the Southern Branch of the South Carolina Railroad as far south as possible, detailing for that purpose two divisions of his corps. The Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, will commence at 7 a.m. the destruction of the South Carolina Railroad northward toward Winnsborough, using as far as practicable the entire strength of his corps. The track and ties will be torn up and fired, and the First Regiment Engineers Michigan Volunteers, following, will twist the rails. All trains of the army will close up with their respective corps, and as soon as everything is across Broad River the pontoon bridge will be taken up. That part of it belonging to the Left Wing will return, passing up the west bank of the Broad River. The department cattle herd will cross Broad River to-night. Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, chief of staff, will superintend the destruction of the public buildings, cotton, railroad depots, machine-shops, and manufacturing establishments.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Zion Church, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: If you can spare the ten sections of pontoon I would like to have them returned to-night. If you are not through with them please let me know what time to-morrow you will be through with them, as the Twentieth Corps crosses here to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,February 17, 1865-1. 30 a.m.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: The engineers have thus far been unable to throw a line across the river owing to the very rapid current. The Third Brigade is ready at the river bank, and will cross over as soon as the line can be made fast to the other shore. The officer in command of engineer regiment has tried every expedient to throw a line over, but thus far without effect. Before I lelft camp I made out and sent you the general's daily report. It was then thought that the Third Brigade was crossing in small boats. The colonel of the engineer regiment thinks that by means of anchoring in center of the stream he may be able to get the line over. Just as soon as the boats can pass I will send you word.

By order of Brevet Major-General Woods:

FRED H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

