
great quantities of intoxicating liquors, bringing it out in buckets, cups, and vessels of every description. As a result the confusion prevailing throughout the town was increased tenfold, and at night, in obedience to the direction of the corps commander, the brigade on duty as guards in the town was relieved by the First Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Woods, and every practicable measure was promptly adopted to prevent the spreading of the conflagration countless villains of every command that were roaming over the streets. As strong patrols as could be furnished by the brigade were distributed throughout the town.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the assistant adjutant-general, Department and Army of the Tennessee, for the information of the commanding general. In addition to the brigade under command of Brevet Brigadier-General Woods ordered into town to relieve that commanded by Colonel Stone, one from the Second Division was placed on provost duty.

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In temporary absence of the major-general.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 31. Near Broad River, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Upon the laying of the pontoons the balance of the division will immediately cross Broad River, closing up with the advance brigade that is now moving over by means of boats. The order of march will be the same as of yesterday, the Third Brigade leading, followed by the battery, First, and Second Brigades. To-day and hereafter during the campaign, unless it be otherwise ordered, regimental trains will invariably march in rear of their respective regiments, the brigade headquarters teams following their brigades. The wagons of extra ammunition will move with division headquarters just after the battery; the ambulance train following the first Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Woods, commanding.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

February 17, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yesterday the general commanding requested Colonel Jones to place a guard over the factory buildings, as it was anticipated that we should use the flooring thereof in constructing the bridge. As there is now no necessity for the guard remaining you may withdraw it.

By order:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

