
crossed Broad River at 4 p.m., and marched through the city of Columbia to a position east of the city and railroad and near the latter. The First Brigade is encamped in line, the right connecting with the fourth and its left with the First Division. The Second Brigade is in line in rear of and parallel with the First as a reserve. The artillery is in rear of Second Brigade. These headquarters are established on the railroad in rear of the right of the First Brigade.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, on Broad River, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following detailed [report of the] movements and operations of my command during the 16th instant: Pursuant to orders received from the major-general commanding, I moved from my position on Congaree Creek at 10. 30 a.m., and diverging from the main traveled road crossed the large open field, marching nearly abreast of the First Division of this corps, and halted on the hill near a cluster of deserted buildings. At 12 m. I received orders from the general commanding, trasnmitted through a staff officer, to move my division forward by the road and occupy the position just vacated by Major-General Hazen, which I reached and occupied at 1. 30 p.m. without resistance from the enemy, with the exception of a field battery which directed its fire against my right, while taking the position assigned, and the wagon trains of the corps (both of which were in easy range and plainly visible to the enemy's guns); their shot, however, were directed too low to produce any evil effects, and the guns were in a very short time completely silenced by a few well-directed and rapid shots from Captain Callahan's battery (H, First Missouri Light Artillery), attached to this division, besides driving the enemy's skirmishers from the river bank on my right. At 4 p.m. I received orders to move my command across the Saluda River, which I succeeded in doing, and bivouacked with my infantry and artillery midway between Saluda and Broad Rivers, known as Dutch Fork, at 10. 30 p.m. My train did not all get in until 6. 30 a.m., the 17th instant. Owing to the darkness and crowded condition of the roads by the troops and trains, a portion of my command crossed the Saluda River in advance of the trains of the First Division, which was evidently through ignorance on the part of brigade commander, supposing that they were passing the trains of the Fourth Division. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 44. Near Columbia, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Division commanders will cause the carpenters of the pioneers corps to report forthwith with tools to Captain Klostermann, engineer, Fifteenth Army Corps, at the bridge at Saluda Factory, for the purpose of building pontoon boats.

