
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Saluda River, S. C., February 17, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Alston in the following order: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. If the wagon trains of the corps shall have succeeded in crossing the river during the night, as ordered, General Geary will break camp at daybreak, cross the river with his troops, and take the advance. General Ward, with his troops, will follow the Second Division. The batteries now with the Second and Third Divisions will march witht hsoe divisions until after crossing the river. After crossing the river General WArd will put his troops and battery in position to cover the taking up of the pontoon bridge. The pontoon train, after the bridge is taken up, will pass the Third Division, and take its place in the column at the head of the train of the Second Division. After crossing the Saluda river, General Geary will march one unencumbered brigade as the advance. Three batteries of artillery will follow the advance brigade, one battery marching with the rear guard, which will consist of one brigade of the First Division. Each division commander will dispose of his troops so as to cover his own trains. General Geary will keep himself informed as to the success of the trains in crossing the river, and he will not leave his present camp until the train has so far crossed the river that he will have the road unobstructed to the bridge.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I send you by mail Charleston newspapers of the 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th, which give the latest news from General Sherman. They state that he crossed the South Fork of the Edisto at binaker's Bridge on the 9th. I have possession of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad as far as the Edisto. The enemy are on the line of the Edisto at Jacksonborough and Willston. General Hatch's division captured 6 guns on the 15th. The road has been so thoroughly destroyed that there is no use of keeping up the intrenched camp at Pocotoligo Station. I can make much better use of the troops elsewhere, and ask authority to use my discretion in the matter. The place can at any time be reoccupied in a few hours. I have no dispatches from Bull's Bay later than the 12th. General Potter expected to land there on the 13th. I shall go up there to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 17, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The application of R. D. Arnold, mayor of Savannah, for permission for himself and two other persons to proceed to Washington City by way of New York, has been forwarded to this Department by

