HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTH CAROLINA,ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Federal Point, N. C., February 17, 1865.

Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding North Atlantic Squadron:

General Cox will move against Fort Anderson early in the morning. Please give it a good shelling.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 7. Federal Point, N. C., February 17, 1865.

* * * * *

XII. The Fourth and Fifth Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, will be dropped from the returns of the Twenty-third Army Corps, to date from January 20, 1865.

XIII. General Cox will advance his line early to-morrow morning and threaten Fort Anderson and the adjacent line. He will attack or not, as may seem advisable after reconnaissance. If he do not attack, he will intrench a line confronting that of the enemy and running from the river to the swamp. If possible, the line should be strong enough to be held by two brigades.

The above being accompished, General Cox will leave two brigades to hold his line, and move with his remaining force by a cros-road to the Wilmington and Lockwood's Folly road, where he will be joined by General Ames' division of General Terry's corps, which is placed termorarily under the command of General Cox.

With this combined force General Cox will move around the swamp which ocvers the enemy's right, and attack him in rear of force him to abandon his position. If the enemy retreat, General Cox will attack him in flank or, if practicable, cut off his retreat.

General Ames, after landing at Smithfille, will supply his troops with three days' rations in haversacks, and sixty or seventy rounds of ammunition per man, and march to-morrow p.m. about ten or twelve miles on the western Wilmington road to the point where he is to join General Cox, where we will await the arrival of General Cox and report to him for further orders. All the wagons which can be furnished by the quartermaster, "not to exceed thirty-five," will be loaded with commissary stores at Smithville, and move with General Ames to the point where he joins General Cox. There the haversacks of the men will be filled, and the emptied wagons sent back to Smithville. The loaded ones will accompany the expedition.

General Cox has full disrectionary power in all contingencies not now foreseen. He will communicate frequently by signals and couriers, and in the event of success will effect a junction with the forces pursuing the enemy near the river as soon as practicable.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

