
Anderson, about a mile to my left. My present position is supposed to be about two miles or less from the fort. It was nearer to come here than to the Point, and I think will do equally well for communication. The signal officer remained at Smithville to get off a dispatch, and has not yet overtaken me. I wait further oders, whilst I am trying to connect my line from road to road continuously. Have skirmished with a battalion of cavalry for the last six miles. The troops have marched nine.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,February 17, 1865-7 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The road to Reeves' Point seems pretty good, and if forage and stores and some ammunition can be landed there we can get them easier than by sending to Smithville. Let me know as early as possible which place we must send to.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February f18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The Richmond Dispatch of this morning says Sherman entered Columbia yesterday morning, and its fall necessitates, it presumes, the fall of Charleston, which it thinks likely is already being evacuated.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following is taken from to-day's Richmond Dispatch:

THE FALL OF COLUMBIA.

Columbia has fallen. Sherman marched into and took possession of the city yesterday morning. This intelligence was communicated yesterday by General Beauregard in an official dispatch. Columbia is situated on the north bank of the Congaree River, just below the confluence of the Saluda and Broad Rivers. From General Beauregard's dispatch it appears that on Thursday the enemy approached the south bank of the Congaree and threw a number of shells into the city. During the night they moved up the river, and yesterday morning forded the Saluda and Broad. While they were crossing these rivers our troops, under General Beauregard, evacuated Columbia. The enemy soon after took possession.

Through private sources we learn that two days ago, when it was decided not to attempt the defense of Columbia, a large quantity of medical stores, which it was thought impossible to remove, were destroyed. The female employes of the Treasury Department had been previously sent off to Charlotte, N. C., a hundred miles north of Columbia. We presume the Treasury lithographic establishment was also removed, though as to this we have no positive information. The fall of Columbia necessitates, we presume, the evacuation of Charleston, which we think likely is already in process of execution. It is impossible to say where Sherman will next direct his columns. The general opinion is that he will go to Charleston and estab-

