
lish a base, but we confess we do not need he has of a base. It is to be presumed he is subsisting on the country, and he has had no battle to exhaust his ammunition. Before leaving Savannah he declared his intention to march to Columbia, thence to Augusta, and thence to Charleston. This was uttered as a boast, and to hide his designs. We are disposed to believe that he will next strike at Charlotte, which is 100 miles north of Columbia, on the Charlotte and Columbia Railroad, or at Florence, S. C., the junction of the Columbia and Wilmington and the Charleston and Wilmington Railroads, some ninety miles east of Columbia. There was a report yesterday that Augusta had also been taken by the enemy. This we do not believe. We have reason to feel assured that nearly the whole of Sherman's army is together at Columbia, and that the report that Schofield was advancing on Augusta was untrue.

From the Whig:

REMOVED.

The Charleston Mercury of Saturday announces a brief suspension of that paper, with a view to its temporary to another point. This in rendered necessary by the progress of military events cutting it off from the mail facilities for distributing its paper to a large portion of its subscribers, while the lack of transportation renders its supply of paper precarious.

Semmes has been made rear-admiral, and will take command of the James River Squadron.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FLAG-SHIP HARVEST MOON,

Rebellion Roads, Charleston Harbor, February 18, 1865.

(Via Fort Monroe, Va., 7 p.m. 20th. Received 7. 20 p.m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Charleston was abandoned this morning by the rebels. I am now on my way to the city, and have the honor to be, very respectfully,

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DAHGLGREN,

Rear-Admiral.

CITY POINT, VA., February 18, 1865-4. 30 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

With Charleston in our hands, which I now believe assured to us, Gillmore will be able to spare a large part of his force. Direct him the moment that takes place to garrison the seaport harbors he deems most important for us to hold, with minimum numbers, and send all surplus troops to Cape Fear River. If he should receive other instructions from Sherman he will be guided by them. He should send none but white troops out of his department.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ON BOARD U. S. STEAMER CRESCENT,

Off Fort Fisher, N. C., February 18, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have been up to Morehead City and New Berne, and am now on my return to Savannah. Vessels loaded with supplies for

