
Morehead City should not draw over fourteen feet and a half of water, if they can be had. If they draw more than that it will involve the necessity of their lying outside the bar and being lightened up by smaller vessels. There is no safe anchorage outside the bar, particularly at this season of the year. We can use to advantage, up to New Berne and about Morehead City, some twelve barges; and I wish you would sent that number to Morehead City. I presume they can come down through canal, and by that means avoid going out to sea. Colonel Wright informs me that he is very much in want of 100 wagons for work on the railroad. It will be well to send him that number. He has made arrangements for oxen for teams. I shall want at New Berne and Morehead City, for hauling saw logs, wood, etc., 100 wagons, with 6-mule teams complete. Please order that number to Morehead City as soon as you can. I am going on the supposition that Morehead City is to be the depot, but the wagons and teams and barges will be useful to us at most any depot we may establish. There are poor facilities at Morehead City for a depot. There is but one small storehouse, and the wharf is very contracted. Colonel Wright will enlarge the wharf as soon as he can get the two steam pile-drivers from the North. The barges asked for should be of a character to carry a large freight on as little water as possible.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. EASTON,

Bvt. Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster Mil. Div. of the Miss.

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, February 18, 1865.

Colonel PERRY:

All supplies for General Sherman's army from this date will be directed on Beaufort Harbor, with orders to vessels to discharge their cargoes and return north for further service. I have telegrahed such orders to General Van Vliet and to Colonel Biggs, New York and Philadelphia. General Rucker is advised also. Below is copy of dispatch I have sent to these three officers.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

(Copies to Colonels Wise, Brown, and Card.)

General VAN VLIET:

All supplies for General Sherman's army not gone to sea should be hereafter directed on Beaufort Harbor, with orders to transports to discharge their cargoes with all speed and return north, so as to be available for further services if needed. This applies to both sail and steam transports. Vessels now in harbor should be notified of this change. Ship to Savannah and Port Royal only for local wants.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

(Copies to Colonel Biggs and General Rucker.)

