
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 18, 1865.

Captain H. C. HODGES,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Buffalo, N. Y.:

You will proceed without delay, via New York, consulting with general Van Vliet, to Beaufort Harbor and assume charge of the supplies collecting there for General Sherman's army, to cary out such instructions as you may receive from the Quartermaster-General, or the chief quartermaster of General Sherman's army, or from General Schofield, but until the arrival of General Easton, to be specially in charge of the depot, near Beaufort, for General Sherman's supplies. You will take with you some clerks and workmen to establish the depot immediately on your arrival at Beaufort Harbor.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPI,In the Field, Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief desires you to direct two regiments, whose combined effective strength shall be 500 men, to report to Colonel Baylor, chief of ordnance at the Confederate arsenal, to act under his instructions until relieved. With them you will send twenty-five wagons for the purpose the destruction of railroad will as much vigor as possible during to-day and to-morrow.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 42. Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

* * * * *

II. It having been brought to the attention of the commanding general that certain lawless and evil-disposed soldiers of this command have threatened to destroy the remainder of this city with fire, it is ordered that all commanding officers and provost-marshals use the utmost vigilance by establishing sufficient guards and patrols to prevent at all cost, even to the taking the life of any refractory soldier, a recurrence of the horrors of last night. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding the Seventeenth Army Corps, will assign an officer to command of that part of the city northeast of Taylor street. To Bvt. Brigadier General W. B. Woods is assigned the command of that portion of the city southwest of Taylor street. They will appoint provost-marshals, who will be authorized to call upon the corps commander for sufficient force to prevent burning, pillaging, and all other acts subversive of good order and military discipline.

III. Captain E. N. Carpenter, Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

