
IV. The work of to-day will be continued to-morrow. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will employ two divisions in breaking the railroad, and will continue to furnish similar details as those of to-day for the purpose of completing the destruction of public property. Care will be taken that every part of the rolling-stock is rendered perfectly useless. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will continue the work on the same town. Before the destruction of the store buildings at the depot the chief commissary of subsistence of the department will supply the army with such stores as he may find, such as salt, wheat, &amp;c. He will furnish what salt is necessary for the Columbia Hospital, and the surplus he will have saved for the poorer citizens who have been burned out. The bridge train will be moved up during the day and parked in rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps beyond the limits of the city.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that no change has occurred in my line to-day. The brigade first on provost duty in the city has been again strengthened, as I have just ordered Colonel Catterson, commanding Second Brigade, to send another regiment to Brevet Brigadier-General Woods, thus giving eight regiments from my division on guard duty in the town. I have ordered that every enlisted man found on the streets after 5 o'clock this evening (unless on duty) without the written pass of his division commander to be arrested and placed in confinement, directing Brevet Brigadier-General Woods to suffer no resistance in the least to his guards. I am confident the scenes of last night will not be repeated.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that at about 3 a.m. General Oliver's brigade (the Third) was, by direction of the major-general commanding the corps, sent to patrol the city, arresting all men found in the streets. The duty was performed promptly, and, so far as I could learn, efficiently. At 7 a.m. the troops of this division were disposed along the Columbia Branch South Carolina Railroad, and have effectually destroyed to-day six miles of it. My headquarters are where they were last report.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

