HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, the minimum limit of destruction of the railroad south of the city will be fifteen miles. Should this work not be accomplished to-night by the two divisions assigned to that duty, they will bivouac near the point at which they may be working when night overtakes them, and commence on the road by daylight to-morrow. As soon as fifteen miles of road have been destroyed the divisions will return to camp near this city. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Theodore Jones, having many side-tracks to destroy, will not be required to proceed beyond the first mile to-day. To-morrow he will finish the second mile. Also, to-morrow the Second and Third Brigades will proceed and destroy to the fifteen-mile point, and on the same day return to this point. Mr. Scupham and Captain Earnest are charged with seeing this order executed.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

I have in charge, at the citadel where the South Carolina Military School was kept, a large quantity of infantry and artillery ammunition; parts of gun carriages; guns, large and small; cavalry equipments; tools, and a large amount of other property useful to the service, which all portions of the army needing the same are requested to call for and approprate. The officer in charge is directed to recongize all requisitions, however informal.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that no change has been made in the disposition of this command since my report of the 17th instant, and that noghting unusual has transpired during the day.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*Same to Brigadier-General Corse, commanding Fourth Division.

---------------

