
SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, on Broad River, S. C., Numbers 19. February 18, 1865.
I. Brigade commanders will hold their men under arms ready to move at a moment's notice, the men to be supplied with forty rounds of ammunition full per men and two days' full rations, which must last four. One ambulance will follow each regiment, no other wagons to accompany the command, except ordnance. The First Brigade will take the advance, the Second Brigade will hold the center, and the Third Brigade the rear.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major BURKHARDT,

Commanding Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry:

MAJOR: Major-Generals Hazen and Smith have been ordered to destroy the railroad running from Columbia to Branchville for fifteen miles below the city. The general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to that point and thence to the Wateree River, destroying all bridges, trestles, water-tanks, depots, and other buildings along the railroad. On completing this task you will rejoin the command. In the execution of the order you will observe the greatest caution, as you will be some distance from any infantry supports. When engaged on the work of destruction you will establish pickets to guard against a surprise or sudden dashes of the enemy's cavalry. You will not allow any of your men to obtain liquor, and will destroy any that they may now have that you can discover.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

The destruction of the road will be continued to-morrow.

Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will commence at a point nine miles from the city and destroy three miles.

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding Firt Division, will commence at the end of the Third Division assignment and destroy two miles.

Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will commence at the end of the First Division assignment and destroy one mile.

Division commanders will send out such details as they think proper to do the work, leaving, however, a sufficient force to protect their present camp.

Brevet Major-General Smith will move out his working party at 7 o'clock.

The working party of the First Division will follow that of the Fourth Division.

The working party of the Third Division will follow of the First Division.

