
when he succeeds in driving the enemy away the bridge will be laid. The forward movement on Pocatoligo will commence at daylight to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Beaufort, S. C., January 13, 1865.

* * *

II. The following are the orders for the movement to-day:

1. At 3 o'clock this p.m. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will move his command to a point to be designated by Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby, picket officer, near the Port Royal, Ferry.

2. At 4 p.m. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command to a position in rear of General Leggett.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward at 5 p.m. and encamp near the river.

4. The pontoon train, Major Hill commanding, will move out at 1 o'clock this p.m. on the Port Royal Ferry road.

Brigadier General M. D. Leggett will detail from his command one regiment as guard to the pontoon train. This regiment will be prepared to move when the train passes the camp.

Brigadier-General Leggett will furnish such details as Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby may wish to effect a crossing. As soon as the crossing has been secured Brigadier-General Leggett will throw over the river in boats two regiments, who will at once throw up a bridge-head at the proper point to protect the bridge. The bridge will then be laid and the command crossed over and place din camp until daylight to-morrow morning, when the forward movement on Pocataligo will be commenced.

The command will be provided with three days' rations from to-morrow morning.

* * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., January 13, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that according to information received from deserters, the observations of my outposts, and the enemy's intercepted signal dispatches, there is now in my front about the same force of the enemy as was reported by me in a communication dated August 16, 1864, and of which a copy is herewith inclosed. * As far as changes have taken place to my knowledge I have marked them in red-ink. Not only is the strength the same, but the identical regiments

See Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 70.

