
General Carlin, crossing in rear of General Baird, will destroy three miles of the railroad this side of where General Baird destroys it. He will encamp at the point where the left-hand road from Thompson's Post-Office to Monticello intersects with the road from Alston.

General Morgan will superintend the crossing of the trains of the corps in the rear of General Carlin, and will destroy the railroad from the pontoon bridge to where it is destroyed by General Carlin. He will encamp with the trains to-night at Thompson's Post-Office.

Corps headquarters, with reserve artillery and ammunition train, will move in rear of General Carlin.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,In the Field, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that General Davis has effected a crossing over the Broad River at Freshly's, just below the mouth of Wateree Creek. He will commence crossing his trains to-day about 12 m. General Slocum would like you to get as near that point to-day as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Oakville, S. C., February 18, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow across Broad River at the mouth of Wateree Creek in the following order: Third Division, First Division, Second Division. The Third Division will start at 6. 30 a.m., the orders following. General Ward will march one brigade in advance. General Geary will cover the rear of the column with one brigade (or more should there by any demonstration by the enemy). The Third and First Divisions and all trains will cross Broad River, and the troops be massed and trains parked at least two miles beyond. The Second Division will halt and form a line, faced to the rear, at least one mile this side of the bridge, and cover the crossing. As soon as all troops and trains have crossed General eary will follow, and he will deploy two regiments on the north side of the river to cover the taking up of the bridge. One battery of artillery will march with the rear guard. This battery upon crossing the river will be put in position with General Geary's regiments to cover the rear, and will come forward with them. The balance of the artillery will march in rear of the advanced brigade. The pontoon train will precede the trains of the Third Division, starting at 7 a.m.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

31 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

