HEADQUARTERS TWENTIERH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

General J. W. GREARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs me to inform you that the order of march for to-morrow is suspended, and that you will not break camp until further orders; also, that when you do move it will be in the order of march already published.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865-4 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I have met a quartermaster from Smithville, who says the train had not started two hours ago. From this I infer that Ames could not have moved his column at noon. I am satisfied the road my guide spoke of is the best, and have therefore sent this guide with a staff officer to bring Ames to the point where we turn the pond by the nearest and best route. If he is not far from Smithville, they willb ring him on the route I mentioned to you, but if he has gone on toward Russell's, they will bring him by the best cross-road.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Moore's Creek, February 18, 1865-5. 45 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have reached the point where the road turns Orton Pound. The creek makes into the pond, and the crossing is a very difficult one. We ran into a cavalry picket a mile before reaching here, and found a considerable cavalry detachment holding the crossing. They were inclined to be obstinate, and made a brisk skirmishing resisytance, our men being forced to cross a narrow causeway under their fire. They are slowly retiring by the road I purpose taking, which shows that we could gain nothing by taking the longer route. I have sent for Ames to meet me here by the shortest and most practicable route, sending him my guide. We have one more difficult creek to cross a short distance ahead. It is doubtful if we get over it before dark. I have one officer and several men wounded in the crossing. I shall send them back to Smithville in the wagons when they come up. I will send you another dispatch when I start in the morning. Just as I write the above I learn that Ames is within half a mile of here. They came by some good fortune the road my guide told the commanding general they should take, i. e., that we came on yesterday, till they got nearly five miles from Smithfille, and my staff officer and guide met them just before they reached the proper place to turn off. If the wagons get

