
up to-night we shall get an early start in the morning. My dispatch will tell you the hour we start in the morning, and the best estimate I can make of our probable time of reaching the foot of the pond.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,February 18, 1865-10. 15 p.m.

Major-General COX:

Your dispatches of 4 and 5. 30 [5. 45] p.m. are received. All right. In your morning dispatch please send me a rough sketch showing your position and the route you have to travel as nearly as you can. If you find it impossible to get through on account of the enemy's force, and deemed it prudent to do so, hold on until you report and hear from me again before coming back. General Terry reports an apparent diminution of the force in his front to-day. This indicates a probable increase in that which will met you, yet I think you will be able to overcome it if you have room to operate in.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

FEBRUARY 18, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

A deserter just arrive informs me that last night a Wilmington paper contained news that Sherman was within three miles of Columbia, and that he was hold last night he had taken the city.

TERRY,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 35. Fort Fisher, N. C., February 18, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Company L, First Connecticut Artillery, is relieved from duty with this command, in pursuance of instructions from headquarters Armies of the United States, and will proceed to City Point, Va., without delay, reporting to the headquarters of the regiment upon arrival at that point. The quartermaster is to furnish transportation.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Charleston, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The city of Charleston and its defenses came into our possession this morning, with over 200 pieces of good artillery and a

