
CITY POINT, VA., February 19, 1865-5. 15 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

If there are any canvas pontoons in Washington or New York please send General Schofield enough for about 800 feet of bridging. Thepontoons he has are too heavy for the roads at this season.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., February 19, 1865.

Doctor GOODWYN,

Mayor of Columbia, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have directed the salt and the other provisions at the depot to be hauled to the new capitol and to be put under your charge. I will also send you some cattle to-morrow at 6. 30 o'clock and will leave them in the campus of the college hospital, where you must have them guarded. You will do well to advise the destitute citizens to leave Columbia for the country as far as possible. You had better organize foraging parties, under the direction of reliable citizens, that will go into the country and take provisions in your name, giving a receipt. Some such forced loans will be necessary to relieve the present necessities by the fire. I will furnish you 500 head of cattle, and expect you to provide for destitute citizens, and particularly the negroes that are now here and helpless.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND, FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 43. Columbia, S. C., February 19, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Major Renolds, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, is hereby assigned to the command of all escamped Union officers and soldiers, and will also take charge of all refugees and their conveyances accompanying the army. These officers and soldiers will move with the refugee train as an escort, and from them will be organized a foraging party. One officer will be selected to act as quartermaster and commissary. The train will be assigned its position in the column from day to day. Major Reynolds will report to these headquarters for instructions.

III. The movement for to-morrow will commence at 7 a.m. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will march via Davis' house and cross-roads near Roberts' to Muddy Springs. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will march along the railroad, making a distance of about fifteen miles from Columbia, completing the destruction of the railroad to that point, if not already done. Headquarters will follow the leading division of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and will be near Muddy Springs to-morrow night. The bridge train will follow the second division in order of march of the Seventeenth Army Corps. The refugee train will follow the rear division of the Seventeenth Army

