
The refugee train will follow the First Regiment Michigan Engineers.

The Second Brigade, First Division, now doing provost duty in the city, will act as rear guard and will be prepared to move at 7 o'clock, and Colonel M. Montgomery, commanding, will see that all soldiers and persons connected with the army are out of his district before he leaves the city. He will act in this matter in concert with General Woods, commanding the northwestern district.

The train of the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, and of these headquarters will move with Colonel Montgomery's brigade.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be prepared to move at 7 o'clock, and will await orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 19, 1865.

In the name of the citizens of the city of Columbia, I, T. J. Goodwyn, mayor of the city, do pledge my honor that a certain lot of arms and accounterments, to wit, 100 stand of arms, with the ammunition thereto belonging, to be turned over to me by the U. S. military authorities, shall be used in preserving the peace in the city, and shall never be employed in any way against the United States Government or to advance the interests of the so-called Southern Confederacy.

T. J. GOODWYN,

Mayor of the City of Columbia, S. C.

Attest:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,In the Field, Freshly's Mill, February 19, 1865-9 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Davis has crossed the Broad River and Williams will cross to-morrow. We have been much delayed by lack by pontoon boats, not having sufficient to bridge both rivers. Kilpatrick will cross to-night at this point. To-morrow night the Fourteenth Corps will be at Ebenezer Meeting House, on Little River; the Twentieth will be at about two miles southeast of that point, at the crossing one mile southeast of Kincaid's. On Tuesday morning the corps will, unless otherwise ordered by you, advance to Winnsborough. You will see from the map that the roads will be with the Twentieth. We have destroyed eight miles railroad to-day.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 7. In the Field, February 19, 1865.

Measures must at once be taken to prevent the destruction of forage in advance of the army. No foraging will be allowed in advance of

