
the troops, and any person found in front of the advance guard will be arrested and severely punished. No property will be burned except by the rear guard in obedience to the order of a corps or division commander.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Mrs. Sanders' House, February 19, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows:

General Baird, marching at 6. 30 a.m. and taking the road by A. Johnston's, will encamp near Ebenezer Meeting House. If in advance of General Carlin, he will cross the Little River and encamp at the forks of the road beyond.

General Carlin will march at 6. 30 a.m. by the way of A. Johnston's to the same point. If in advance of General Bair, he will cross Little River and encamp at the forks of the road beyond.

General Morgan will march at 6. 30 a.m. with the trains by the left-hand road, via Gibson's Meeting House and McMeekins' Post-Office, and will encamp near Ebenezer Meeting House.

Corps headquarters, with reserve artillery and ammunition train, will move in the rear of General Carlin.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Freshly's Ferry, S. C., February 19, 1865.

The order of march for to-morrow will be: First Division, Second Division, Third Division. The First Division will start at daylight, or immediately in the rear of the Fourteenth Corps, cross the river with the troops, and march to the vicinity of Thompson's Post-Office, halting there for the trains to close up. General Jackson will picket the road and dispose of his troops at that point to cover the park of the trains. The Second Division will follow the trains of the First division. Two brigades of the Third Division, with all of the division trains, will follow the Second Division. Immediately upon the withdrawal of the troops of the Second Division General Ward will put a brigade in position on this side of the river, at least a mile from the bridge. This brigade will cover all roads and approaches to the bridge, and remain in position until all the trains have crossed, when it will be withdrawn and cross the river. General Ward will then put two regiments from his rear brigade and a battery of artillery in position on the north side of the river, to cover the taking up of the bridge. The pontoon train, after the bridge is taken up, will be pushed to the head of the column as rapidly as possible, division commanders giving it, whenever the trains are parked, opportunityes to get as far ahead as possible. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, will order one battery to report to General Ward, to march with the rear. The balance of the artillery will march in rear of the troops of the First Division.

