
and companies are here now. The only troops reported last August of which I have lost track are the Fifth Georgia Infantry and some companies of the Thirty-second Georgia Infantry. More recent and specific information having been received with regard to the batteries, garrisons, &amp;c., of Sullivan's Island, Mount Pleasant, and Fort Sumter, I herewith inclose the reports of Captain Luttwith, of my staff, on these three points. I also inclose the report of Colonel Kozlay, commanding post of Folly Island, on the new batteries erected on John's Island, near Stollo River. These latter have all been armed since Colonel Kozlay's report. From intercepted signal messages, I have the following given as the armament of the city batteries: Battery Ramsey, one 12 3\4-inch Blakely gun, one 11-inch Dahlgren, there 10-inch columbiads, one 42-pounder rifle, one 11-inch Brooke; Battery Waring, two 10-inch columbiads; Calhoun Street Battery, one 8-inch rifle; Lawrence Street Battery, one 10-inch columbiad; Blakely Gun Battery, one 12 3\4-inch Blakely gun; Vanderhorst's Whart Battery, one 42-pounder rifle, one 10-inch columbiad; Castle Pickney, three 10-inch columbiad; Castle Pickney; three 10-inch columbiads, one 8-inch Brooke rifle. Another message states that 1,100 Austrian rifles have been drawn for the Second South Carolina Artillery. Another message speaks of 500 Enfield rifles and 150 Springfield rifle muskets being drawn for the First South Carolina Artillery.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., January 13, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Savannah, Ga.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just sent a letter to Admiral Porter, giving him the information you ask for in your letter to Admiral Dahlgren of the 7th instant. When you get into this State, where I think you will be joyfully received by the mass of the population, I hope to be able to assist in some way. My force in this district is some 9,000 and of these scarcely more than 6,000 effective. Everything that could be spared was sent to Virginia. I can worry the rebels on the railroad between Wilmington and Goldsborough, if you think that advisable. Do you wish that road destroyed? I have 1,000,000 rounds of small ammunition and a good supply of other. When you get near me I can furnish you supplies. Please suggest to me, if you have time to do so, what you would like to have me do and what preparations you would like to have me make here for you. If you wish the railroad put in order I must have iron and workmen, &c. If you are going to need supplies I must prepare for that, and if more cars or engines, or more river transportation, &c., is to be needed I would like to know it. I hope you will find time to write to me. We are all throwing up our hats for Sherman and his Army, and the whole country is rubbing its hands over you.

Ever sincerely yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

R R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

