
From Thompson's Post-Office the column will march on the most direct road to the junction of the roads near Kincaid's house, on the north side of Little River.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Broad River, February 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: It has been ascertained that there is no practicable road leading direct from Thompson's Post-Office to Kincaid's. It is therefore necessary for us to move down on the Columbia road to cross Little River near its mouth. The general commanding therefore desires that after crossing the pontoon bridge, instead of taking the road to the left leading to Thompson's Post-Office, you take the one leading to the right, which strikes the Columbia road at McConnell's farm, about four miles east of Thompson's Post-Office.

If you will send to these headquarters before leaving camp in the morning, we will send you one of our scouts who has been over the road and can guide you. The general wishes you to halt and have the wagons parked on the McConnell farm, as near the Columbia road as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIERH ARMY CORPS,February 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: My division is massed in rear of General Carlin. He has no orders to move, and I am waiting on him.

Very respectfully,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,Alston Bridge, S. C., February 19, 1865.

[General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: My people have just burned Pomaria Station. Cheatham's corps was receiving rations at 12 m. to-day at Frog Level. He has about 5,000 men and one brigade of cavalry. Other troops are following him. One hundred and fifty thousand rations were at Abbeville for a large force reported on the march from Washington, in Georgia, forty-five miles from Abbeville. My scouts report infantry and some cavalry at or passing through Newberry. I will closely watch all movements of the enemy and report everything of importance. Cheatham has twenty pieces of artillery. He is not moving to-day,

