
but receiving rations and resting. I cannot learn that he has a pontoon train. (Frog Level is Prosperity Station on the map.) the railroad has several bridges from that point to the river. We have burned them all. One of my brigades is crossing the river, and will push well up the country and give timely notice of any danger. My entire command will cross in the morning, when I will push well up and on the left flank. Cheatham will cross at Ashford's Ferry, I think; at least his scouting parties have made inquiries about that point. My people were on Heller's Creek to-day, and the country is clear. I reached Alston Bridge yesterday at 12 m., but could not save the bridge. We are capturing some prisoners and doing very well. I would give a year's pay to cross the river to-night at this point.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 19, 1865-12 noon.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: General Grant directs that the moment Charleston falls into our hands you will garrison with minimum force such sea-port places as you may deem most important for us to hold, and send all surplus white troops to Cape Fear River. If, however, you should in the meantime receive other instructions from General Sherman you will be guided by them. Richmond papers of yesterday contain an account of Sherman's capture of Columbia.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 29. Charleston, S. C., February 19, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Bennett, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, is hereby placed in command of the city of Charleston and announced as provost-marshal of this district. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

ED. W. SCHAUFFLER,First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. NORTHERN DIST., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Charleston, S. C., February 19, 1865.

The Third Rhode Island Artillery will relieve at once all the detachments of this command in the different forts and batteries. these detachments will report to these headquarters without delay in order to be sent to their regiments.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

