
to turn the enemy's right. This force made its way along a narrow defile between two swamps and completely turned the enemy's position. As soon as the movement became known to the enemy he abandoned his works and retreated toward Wilmington. We captured ten guns uninjured and a considerable amount of ammunition. We have about fifty prisoners. The loss in killed or wounded is small on either side. The troops are pursuing the enemy and the gun-boats are moving up the river. Fort Anderson and its collateral works are very strong and rendered almost inaccessible by swamps. A small force could have held them until their supplies were exhausted. My information is that the rebels have a line of defense behind Town Creek, where they propose to make a stand. If so, it can probably be only a short one. Only four brigades of my troops have arrived from Washington, and no transportation, but I will keep at work him what I have.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Anderson, N. C., February 19, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I now begin to feel the need of cavalry, and will probably feel it much more soon. I therefore respectfully request that a regiment at least be sent me as soon as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,February 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Day before yesterday Cox's division moved to Smithville and then toward Fort Anderson. Yesterday it closed up on Fort Anderson and intrenched a line, under navy fire, close to the enemy's, to be held by two brigades. With the balance of his command and Ames' division, which had been sent to Smithville, Cox then was started on the flank movement for the rear of Fort Anderson, making about ten miles by dark. The enemy evacuated Fort Anderson during the night and the lines in front of Terry this morning. They will at once be followed toward Wilmington.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 8. Federal Point, N. C., February 19, 1865.

I. The Third Tennessee Infantry is hereby dropped from the returns of the Twenty-third Army Corps, to date from January 20, 1865.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

