
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Washington, D. C., February 19, 1865.

The command will move to Alexandria by boat to-morrow, the 20th instant, as follows: Two regiments of the Third Brigade will be at Giesborough Wharf and embark at 8. 30 a.m., and the remaining two regiments of the Third Brigade at 9. 30 a.m. The horses of the brigade will go with the brigade. The entire baggage of the brigade will be placed on barges at Giesborough Wharf at 8 a.m. Two regiments of the First Brigade will embark at Giesborough Wharf at 12 m. and two at 1 p.m. The horses will accompany the brigade. The baggage of the brigade will be placed on barges at Giesborough Whart at 12 m. On arrival at Alexandria brigade commanders will report to Captain Lee, assistant quartermaster, for assignment to transports. Five days' rations in bulk have been placed on board the transports and five days' cooked rations will be drawn at Alexandria in addition. The horses will be placed on boat designated for that purpose, and each brigade commander will detail one regimental quartermaster to go in charge of Alexandria. The commanding officers on board the transports will see that the rules of the ships are obeyed by the men under their command, and that the requirements of the Revised Army Regulations in regard to the conduct of troops on transports are observed is essential to good order on board the transports and the safety of the command from fire or other dangers. On the arrival at the destination of the command each commanding officer will report to his next proper superior officer, if there. If not there, to the next that is there.

By command of Brigadier General T. H. Ruger:

J. E. CRAVENS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,February 19, 1865-6. 30 a.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The train has not yet got up, and General Ames has report from an orderly that the train got scattered within three miles of Smithville and went back to reform and start again. I have sent back my quartermaster with peremptory orders to bring the train up at the earliest possible moment. As we are at the cross-roads, where our intention as to route is not entirely apparent to the enemy, I have thought it advisable to wait till we hear more definitely from the train, as it cannot get back to Smithville to-day if it follows us farther; and I understand that it will have to be relied on to get food for Moore's and Henderson's men, they also being out to-night. I should push one division right on, but think it better to make a demonstration with a regiment on the Lockwood's Folly road, and give their cavalry there the idea that we mean to move in that direction, and then, when we get or definitely hear from the train, push rapidly with our whole force upon the rear of Anderson. We have about eight miles to go. I shall expect to hear from my messengers to the train in two hours and a half. If you have any other way of feeing Moore and Henderson than by this train please let me know by courier, as I shall then feel at liberty to move without awaiting it.

A rough sketch is on the other side.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

