
roads. The rear guard swept everything clear of Columbia, and at 2 p.m., when some of my staff officers left, the city was clear of all stragglers and very quiet. A small squad of the enemy's cavalry, about 100, appeared on our right flank, but were driven off without disturing our march. I send you a copy of my order of march for to-morrow. *

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -The Seventeenth Army Corps is encamped along the line of the railroad.

O. O. H.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 44. Rice Creek Springs, February 20, 1865.

I. The movement to-morrow will commence at 7 a.m. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move forward on the same road, crossing Twenty-five Mile Creek. He will make as much distance as possible toward Poplar Spring, but will at least arrive at the cross-roads at Harrison's. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will continue to move along the railroad, occupy Winnsborough, completing the destruction of the railroad up to that point. The bridge train will continue to follow the Seventeenth Army Corps. The refugee train will follow the rear division of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Department headquarters will follow the leading division of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and will be to-morrow night near the cross-roads at Harrison's.

II. Captain P. A. Taylor, chief signal officer, will organize a detective force to operate under his temporary direction for the purpose of discovering the authors of the numerous outrages that have been committed by persons of this command. He will particularly endeavor to discover those who have tkaen or may take such articles as watches, jewlry, money, &amp;c., from the persons or houses of citizens.

III. Paragraph 2, Special Field Orders, Numbers 43, from these headquarters, is o modified as to direct Major F. C. Gillette, provost-marshal-general Fifteenth Army Corps, to take charge of the refugees accompanying this command. Major Gillette will se that all citizens accompanying this army as refugees improperly, as well as surplus baggage belonging to refugees, are sent to Winnsborough. He will be authorized also to impress from citizens the necessary transportation and animals to provide for the train.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the destruction of property in and about Columbia, S. C., done in compli-

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

