
ance with written instructions from Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, assistant inspector-general Army of the Tennessee, dated February 18, 1865. Owing to the great variety of articles and property destroyed and the general confusion they were in, it has been impossible to make actual inventories. The following are estimates, and I believe them to be in most cases rather under than above the actual amount: 1,000 bales of cotton, 19 locomotives (these cimprised all the locomotives in and about the city, they were destroyed by burning the wood work and breaking everything breakable about their machinery and punching holes in their boilers and tenders); 20 box-cars (all that were left of a largenumber destroyed by the incendiary fires of the 17th instant); all the buildings not previously burned belonging to the Southe Caolrin Railroad and depot, 2 large freigh sheds being included; in these freight sheds were destroyed 60 sets complete of six-mule team harness, 1,000 pounds of trace chains, 40 kegs of nails, 25 kegs railroad iron spikes, 5 tons of railroad machinery of various kinds, and a large miscellaneous collections of articles valuable to the enemy, whch it was impracticable under the circumstances to classify andmake an inventory of; 650 car wheels (destroyed by sledging off the flanges); 2 buildings filled with stationery belonging to the so-called Confederate States, consisting of note, cap, letter, and envelope paper, envelopes, steel pens, penhilders, ink, and quartermasters' and other blanks. These things were mixed up in a heterogeneous mass. The only was I can convey an idea of the amount is to estimate them at two tons' weight. Twenty-five powder mills. These comprised all the power mills along the Congaree River; the machinery was destryed and the mills blown up. The so-called Confederate States armory, situated on theCongaree River, comprsing warehouses, machine shps, foundry, and offices; the machinery of the shops and a large amount of other machinery which had not been taken out of the original packages was broken thoroughly by sledging, and the ruin completed afterwards by burning the buildings. A large amount, probably half a ton, of all varieties of files and other gun-making tools in the original packages were destroyed; the gunstocks and barrels and muskets destroyed here have been reported by the orndance officers. The smoke-stacks of six manufactries of various kinds were thrown over or blown up. Ten tons of machinery, said to belong to the Confederate States, found packed in boxes under a shed on the common, was destroyed, consisting of a stationary engine and lathe and other machinery, the use of which could not be ascertained. The destruction of all property mentined in the directions is believed to be entire and complete. The above list does not iclude the entire amount, but is as accurate as the circumstances will admit.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. YORKE,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Inspector-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Muddy Springs, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that I left camp at Columbia at 1 p.m. to-day, marching out in rear of the trains of the Fourth Division, on the direct Camden road, encamping at 9 a.m. about thirteen miles

