
from Columbia, with my troops facing north and south. My headquarters are near the springs, and but a short distance from the road-side.

I am, major, very respectfuly,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Muddy Run, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command broke camp on Charlotte Railroad, near Columbia, at 7 o'clock this a.m., and marched on neighborhood roads to main Camden road, striking same four miles from Colubmia; tence on Camden road to near Roberts', and then north on Winnsborough road to intersection of Winnsborough, Columbia and Camden roads, the advance reaching camp at 4 p.m. Distance marched, twenty-two miles. The position of the division is as follows: The left of the First Brigade rests upon the Winnsborough and its right upon the Camden road, fronting northeast. The right of the Second Brigade rests upon the Columbia road, and fronts in a northerly direction. These headquarters are established on the left of the Winnsborough road, immediately in rear of the Second Brigade.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. In the Field, near Muddy Springs, S. C., February 20, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will march at 5. 30 a.m. to-morrow, sharp, on the Winnsborough road, crossing Twenty-five Mile Creek, past Round Top; thence across the Winnsborough and Camden road toward Poplar Springs, the formation of the column as follows, viz, First, Second Brigade Infantry, with Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, with one regiment in rear. Second, Third Brigade Infantry, moving by the side of the trains, extended so as to guard them in the best possible manner. Third, trains in the following order: 1, Ten wagons of ordnance; 2, ambulances; 3, train of advanced brigade; 4, ordnance train; 5, supply train. Fourth, First Brigade Infantry, with one regiment

