
thrown by the side of the supply train. The pioneer corps will move in advance, and its train at the head of the ordnance and supply trains, until further orders.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MISSOURI MOUNTED INFANTRY,Columbia, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Pursuant to orders I left camp Saturday, the 18th instant, at 3 p.m., and marched on the Bluff road to Cappell's plantation, ten miles from Columbia, where I encamped for the night. The morning of the 19th I struck camp at 6 a.m., rode to Gadsden Station, where I found the depot and rebel commissary burned. From Gadsden Station I marched to Kingsville and destroyed the rebel warehuses which were filled with rebel quartermaster and commissary stores; also, the depot and other railroad buildings. At this place we captured a telegraph operator in the act of firing the Government stores. I sent the Twenty-ninth Missouri to the Wateree River, holding the Seventh Illinois in reserve near Kingsville. At the river we destroyed the railroad bridge and the trestle-work on the opposite bank. The former was about 375 feet long; the latter three miles in lenght. The bridge was completely destroyed and the trestle-work fired in twenty different places. Having burned the bridge I returned, destroying the bridges and culverts in my rear. All this was accomplished without opposition. We met with only five rebels, who ran upon the approach of the command. In addition to the above we destroyed ten or twelve railroad cars and about 300 bales of cotton. Returning, camped last night, the 19th instant, at Adams' plantation; struck camp at 12 p.m. and marched to this place, where I arrived at 6 o'clock this a.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. BURKHARDT,

Major Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Rice Creek Springs, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention to the fact that some of our soldiers have been committing the most outrageous robberies of watches, jewelry, &amp;c. A case has come to my notice where a watch and several articles of jewelry were stolen by a foraging party under the eye of the commissioned officer in charge. Another, where a brute had vilently assaulted alady by striking her, and had then robbed her of a valuable gold watch. In one instance money was stolen to the amount of $150, and another, where an officer with a foraging party had allowed his men to take rings off the fingers of ladies in his presence. To-day a soldier was found plundering, arrested, placed under the guard of one of General Corse's orderlies, and was liberated by some of his comrades who had arms in their hands, and who threatened the life

