
of the guard. These outrages must be stopped at all hazards, and the thieves and robbers who commit them be dealt with severely and summarily. I am inclined to think that there is a regularly organized banditti who commit these outrages and who share the spoils. I call upon you upon all the officers and soldiers under you, who have one spark of honor or respect for the profession which they follow, to help me put down these informs proceedings and to arrest the perpetratrs. Please furnish to every inspector, provost-marshal, and officer in charge of a foraging party a copy of this letter, and enjoin them to be on the watch to stop these infamus proceedings, and to bring to justice the individuals who committ them.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

(Same to General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Level Post-Office, S. C., February 20, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: My command is encamped on the railroad fifteen miles from Columbia. The railroad is destroyed two miles beyond here. I shall occupy Winnsborough to-morrow evening, and will destroy as much of the road as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 47. Doko, S. C. February 20, 1865.

The following are the orders for to-morrow:

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance and will move forward at 8 a.m. on the direct road to Winnsborough.

Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division, being prepared to move at 9 o'clock.

Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will follow the Third Division, and will be prepared to move at 10 o'clock.

Each division commander will detach one brigade to destroy railroad. The brigade from the Fourth Division will move at 8 o'clock, and commencing two miles from their present camp will destroy three miles. The brigade from the Third Division will move at 7. 30 o'clock, commencing five miles from General Smith's camp will destroy three miles. The brigade from the First Division will move at 7 o'clock and commencing eight miles from General Smith's camp will destroy three miles.

Colonel J. B. Yates, commanding First Michigan Engineers, will assign three companies from his regiment to each brigade to twist the rails, and the brigade commander will pile the ties and rails for burning in such manner as the officer in charge of the engineers may direct. As

