
soon as the work is completed the brigades will proceed via Ridgeway to camp, which will be on the railroad within about five miles of Winnsborough.

The train of the First Michigan Engineers will move next after the train of the Third Division and will be followed by the bridge train.

The train of headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and of these headquarters will follow the troops of the First Division.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be prepared to move at 7. 30 o'clock and will await orders.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Mrs. O'Neil's House, February 20, 1865.

The movements of the corps to-morrow will be as follows:

General Carlin will march at 6 a.m. from his present position upon the main road toward Winnsborough, endeavoring to keep abreast with the Twentieth Corps, which will move in the same direction from S. Owens' in the morning.

General Baird will march at 6 a.m., crossing Kinkish Bridge, over Little River, and following General Carlin.

General Morgan will move with the trains of the corps at 10 a.m., and will follow the column.

Corps headquarters and the reserve artillery and ammunition trains will move in rear of General Baird.

Furher orders will be given the divisiion commanders during the day.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Owens' Farm, February 20, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Winnsborough, as follows: Second Division at 6. 30 a.m., Third Division at 7 a.m. ; First Division at 8 a.m. The troops of the Second and Third Division will march in advance, unencumbered with wagons. Ten ammunition wagons to each the Second and Third Division will follow the Third Division. The First Divsion will march with and protect the whole train of the corps. One battery of artillery will march in rear of the advanced brigade of the Second Division; one sectioin will report to General Jackson, to march with the rear; the balance of the artillery will march in rear of the Second Division. The wagons of the artillery will march in rear of the twenty ammunition wagons. The pontoon train will follow the artillery wagons, starting at 8 a.m. The cattle herds will accompany the trains. The pack train of the two advanced divisions will march in rear of the Third Division.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

