
Pocotaligo, and with the other two divisions make a detour to turn the enemy's left. The brigade of the Fifteenth Corps now near Garden's Corners will move to near Stony Creek and be ready to support the division in front of Pocotaligo. In case the enemy is gone in the morning General Blair will secure some point on the railroad and communicate with General Hatch on the Coosawhatchie. Rations and forage will be brought forward for the troops this side of Port Royal as fast as they can be procured at Beaufort and transported.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Near Pocotaligo, S. C., January 14, 1865.

Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will at once proceed to intrench the position he now occupies and to-morrow will attract the attention of the enemy and annoy him as much as possible.

At 7 a.m. to-morrow General G. A. Smith will move his command out on the road just in rear of the Third Division, running in a northeast direction.

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division. The intention of the movement is to strike the railroad north of Pocotaligo, and further directions will be given for the movement to-morrow.

Ten ordnance teams and ambulance train will accompany each division; the remainder of the train will be parked in rear of the Third Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Port Royal Island, January 14, 1865.

I. This command will move across the river promptly at daylight (6. 30 a.m.), moving in same order as before.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 14, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Armies, present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request respectfully that the following-named officers may be breveted for gallant conduct on the field of battle, viz: Colonel A. S. Hartwell, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers (colored), to be breveted brigadier-general for gallant conduct at the engagement of Honey Hill, S. C., December 30, 1864. Captain George E. Gouraud, aide-de-camp, to be breveted Major for gallantry in the

