
ordered. The garrison of Beufort will be one company of the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers. All other troops will be removed elsewhere. The headquarters of the First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers will be at Fort Macon, where it was ordered to be when that regiment was first sent to the Sub-District of Beufort. The commanding officer of the regiment shall be the commandant of that fort.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 21, 1865. -For Grant to Meade, relating to re-enforcements of cavalry for Sherman, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVI, Part I, p. 609.]

CITY POINT, February 21, 1865.

(Received 3. 30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following paragraphs are taken from to-day's Richmond papers:

SOUTH CAROLINA. -CHARLESTON.

On last Thursday night, the 16th instant, our forces evacuated Charleston, and it is believed that the enemy took possession during the next day. Many guns must have been abandoned by our troops, but it is consoling to know that the Yankees got little else. Where was no cotton at Charleston to gladden Lincoln's heart, and the city itself was little better than a deserted ruin. Several telegraph operators, all of them men of Northern birth, did not come out with our forces, but remained to receive the Yankees.

FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.

Winnsborough, S. C., is thirty-seven miles this side of Columbia, and it is rumored this morning that the enemy have occupied it. The News, published their eon the 16th, stated that the day before a large drove of Government stock consisting of about 460 head of cattle and the same amount of sheep, passed through Winnsborough from Anderson. On the morning of the 16th anther large lot passed through, bound for a point out of the reach of Sherman's scouts.

GOLDSBOROUGH, 19th.

A Yankee force from New Benre, some 500 strong, passed through Greenville yesterday, and when last heard from were advancing on Tarborough. It is thought to be a mere raiding party. General Baker is after them. Another party is reported coming up the south side of the Neuse. This needs confirmation. No trouble is anticipated.

FROM NORTH CAROLINA. -RAIDS ON TARBOROUGH AND GOLDSBOROUGH.

It is said that a cavalry force of the enemy was advancing on Tarbrough on Tar River, near the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. A force (numbers unknown) is also reported as moving on Goldsborough from New Berne, along the south bank of the Neuse. We fear there is much truth in these statements. The enemy have for several weeks been concentrating at New Berne. Raleigh is 100 miles from New Berne; Goldsborough is midway between the two places. It was reported that a large Yankee cavalry force was advancing on Salissbury fromEast Tennessee, but there was nothing in it. The Senate bill to raise 200,000 negro soldiers will, it is understood, be passed to-day in secret session. It is said a similar bill passed the House of Representatives, in secret session, yesterday.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

