
The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding, will have the advance, and will move forward at 8 a.m.

The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will follow the Third Division, being prepared to move at 9 o'clock.

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Fourth Division, being prpeared to move at 10 o'clock.

The train of the First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics will follow the Fourth Division train.

A brigade from each division will be detached to destroy the railroad. The First Division will destroy two miles, commencing at the station and working north. The Fourth Division will destroy the next two miles, and the Third Division the next two miles. The work will be done in the same manner as to-day; that is, the rails will be twisted by the First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics and Colonel J. B. Yates, commanding, will assign three companies to each brigade for that purpose. The work will be commenced on the road at 6 a.m., and as soon as finished the working parties will move forward, following the command.

The trains of headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and of these headquarters will move next after the troops of the Third Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Winnsborugh, S. C., February 21, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: My command occupied Winnsborough this morning at 10 o'clock. A part of it is now destroying the railroad north of this place. I shall await further orders from you here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 24. Winnsborough, S. C., February 21, 1865.

The First and Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, with the trains of the entire corps and all the pontoon trains, will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow and march to Rocky Mount Post-Office, on the Catawba River. General Williams will endeavor to effect a crossing at that point and lay a pontoon bridge. The Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, will be employed in the destruction of the railroad as far north as White oak, and will hold Winnsborough until this destruction is completed. The trains of the Fourteenth Corps, under one division, will encamp to-morrow night near Wateree Meeting House. The other two divisions will break the railroad as far north from White Oak as possible, and will, with trains, be marched on the 23rd to Rocky Mount Post-Office, on the Wateree River.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

