
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Near Winnsborough, S. C., February 21, 1865

The corps will move to-morrow as follows:

General Carlin will move at 6 a.m. by the most direct road from Adger's to the vicinity of Springwell Post-Office, and will destroy the railroad fromthat point back to Youngsville.

General Baird, marching at 6. 30 a.m., will move to White Oak and will destroy the road from that point to Youngsville.

General Morgan, with the trains of the corps, will move in the rear of General Baird to White Oak and thence to Wateree Meeting House, and will park the trains to-morrow night at that point, on the left-hand side of the road from Winnsborough to Gladden's Grove Post-Office.

The reserve artillery and ammunition trains will move at 6 a.m. in the rear of General Baird to White Oak, and thence to Wateree Meeting House, and will encamp at that point.

Corps headquarters will be with General Carlin's division.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Beaver Dam Creek, S. C.,

February 21, 1865.

The First and Third Division of this corps will march to-morrow toward Rocky Mount Post-Office, as follows:

Third Division, without rains, at 6. 30 a.m. ; First Division at 7 a.m. General Jackson will dispose of his troops so as to cover all the trains of the corps. He will detail three regiments as a rear guard. One section of artillery will march with the rear; one battery will march in rear of General Ward's advance brigade. The balance of the artillery will march in rear of the Third Division. The order of march of the trains will be: Pontoon train immediately behind the artillery, Third Division train, First Division train, Second Division train. General Geary will leave a sufficient force at Winnsborough to hold that place, and with the balance of his command will continue the destruction of the railroad northward to White Oak Station. As soon as this is done he will march his whole command, via Rocky Mount Post-Office, to rejoin the corps.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -This order will supersede the former order given for to-morrow's operations.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Beaver Dam Creek, S. C., February 21, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs that you move all the trains of the corps escorted by your division to the vicinity

