
operations in breaking up the railroad as far as he can during to-morrow and next day. As soon as Davis withdraws to cross the Catawba, move with him and cross to the east bank of the Catawba (or Wateree) on Slocum's pontoons, which will be laid at Rocky Mount Post-Office. I would like to have you all across during the night of the 23rd, so you can move next day on Lancaster. I would like to have the railroad bridge across Broad River at the mouth of Tiger burned, and think the enemy himself will burn it if you approach it or send a small party to threaten it; also several of the bridges and trestles on the same railroad below where it crosses Broad River about Ashford's Ferry and Dawkins'. I hope you have already damaged that road considerably. I wish, as a rule, whenever you are near a railroad, you will, unless cautioned otherwise, have your men burn bridges, depots, and water-tanks, and break witches; also, all sawmills should be destroyed, not only burned, but the engines and boilers disabled. Davis will be near you and will be at hand in case of need, but I don't want you to be drawn off so that you can not have your trains and men ready to pass the pontoon during the night of the 23rd. Better caution your commanders so as to keep in the foragers, else they will be left behind, as some were about Columbia. I will be with this wing some days, and should like to see you either here, or, better, at the bridge in crossing the Catawba. I inclose you General Slocum's orders for to-morrow and next day. * General Howard will be at Poplar Spring and Peay's Ferry.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 21, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Scouts have been from General Terry's left to the river, but without meeting the enemy or head of General Ames' column. They struck the river at a crib wharf. The enemy's line seems not to reach the river, but General Ames should find out.

COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Campbell's Island, N. C., February 21, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General GEORGE S. DODGE,

Chief Quartermaster:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to see to the execution of the inclosed order+ (Special Orders, Numbers 10, paragraph 3). The general further directs that you have all troops that may arrive landed at Fort Fisher (Federal Point) until further orders. From there they will march to join their respective commands, providing themselves with three days' rations when they start.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 24, p. 516.

---------------

+See p. 520.

