HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Brunswick Ferry, February 21, 1865-Midnight.

Brevet Brigadier-General HENDERSON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

I have received a dispatch from General Schofield, countermanding in part my movement. You will, however, follow Moore with your brigade according to former orders. The rest of the division I will keep here. You will report to General Schofield and please deliver or send to him the inclosed dispatch. * Your horses will go to Fort Anderson.

Let one of your men wh goes with them notify the wagons at our old camp to come forward according to first order. Your regimental baggage is already at Fort Anderson. Communicate with General Schofield in regard to getting it over to you.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Campbell's Island, February 21, 1865-7 p.m.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding U. S. Forces East of Cape Fear River:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch+ inclosing one from General Ames. I approve of your determination to call him in and concenrate your troops to-night. Hold on where you are until I can get more troops on that side of the river. I have not heard from Cox since 10. 30 a.m., when he was near the mouth of Brunswick River. I will send him across the river to-morrow. He will not get back in time to cross to-night.

About 5,000 more troops have arrived off the bar and are now unloading. I hope to get them up to-morrow. Please show this to General Comstock if he is still with you.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,Before Wilmington, N. C., February 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. AMES,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw your force from your present position to the ground in the rear of our main line, where Abbott's brigade was encamped last night, first breaking down the bridgeswhich you have constructed across Barnard's Creek. He desires you to leave a small picket at the milldam; also to leave pickets for observation between the mill-pond and the swamp on the left of our main line. Your withdrawal, of course, should be conducted in perfect silence, so as to leave the enemy with the impression that you are still there.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

+Not found.

