
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 21, 1865-2 p.m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

This Department has received the official report of Major-General Gillmore, announcing the surrender of the city of Charleston, S. C., to the U. S. forces under his command, at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, the 18th instant. Among the captured property are 200 pieces of good artillery and a suply of fine ammunition. The enemy burned their cotton warehouses, arsenals, quartermaster stores, railroad bridges, two iron-clads, and some vesels in the ship-yard.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa. ; Governor Bradford, Annapolis, Md. ; Governor Fenton, Albany, N. Y. ; Governor Andrew, Boston, Mass. ; Governor Smith, Providence, R. I. ; Governor Buckingham, New Haven, Conn. ; Governor Smith, Saint Albans, Vt. ; Governor Gilmore, Concord, N. H. ; Governor Cony, Augusta, Me. ; Governor Brought, Columbus Ohio; Governor Morton, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Governor Oglesby, Springfield, Ill. ; Governor Stone, Davenport, Iowa; Governor Lewis, Madison, Wis. ; Governor of Michigan, Detroit; Governor Fletcher, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Governor Carney, Kansas City, Kans.)

CITY POINT, VA., February 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following items are taken from to-day's Richmond papers:

Our readers will cheerfully forego their desire to be apprised of the pending military movements in the Carolinas when they are infomred that our reticence is in compliance with wishes which have been communicated to all the newspapers. *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ENGIENER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies, &amp;c., &c., City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: Your order of the 19th instant for a bridge equipage for General Schofield, communicated to this department by General Halleck, chief of staff, has been filled as follows: Fifty canvas boats, nineteen boat wagons (16-feet reach), thirty chess wagons (9-feet reach), and a fully supply of balks and chesses, and army wagons for the trans portation of the balks and chesses. These supplies are now going on board the transports at this city for Wilmington, N. C.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D DELAFIELD,

General and Chief of Engineers.

---------------

*For portion of dispatch here omitted see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 628.

---------------

