
the entire train of this wing have reached this point and are mostly in camp. The bridge is completed ready for crossing. The balance of the command are destroying railroad.

I am, general, yours, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 46. Near Peay's Ferry, S. C., February 22, 1865

I. The movements to-morrow will commence at 6. 30 a.m. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will cross the Wateree at Peay's Ferry and move by the most direct route, via Liberty Hill and Red Hill Post-Office, to lower Williams' Cross-Roads. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, crossing the Wateree at Peay's Ferry, will move by the most direct route, via Liberty Hill and Russell Place, to the cross-roads at Williams', near Copeland's. If, in any way, corps commanders can facilitate the movement of the refugee train, or better provide for those belonging to it, the order from these headquarters organizing that train can be so far modified by them as they think best. As soon as the Seventeenth Army Corps has crossed the Wateree the bridge will be taken up and will follow that corps. Department headquarters will follow the leading division of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

II. All foragers and others not authorized to be mounted will be dismounted at the crossing of the Wateree, and the worthless animals will be abandoned on this side of the river. Corps commanders will charge their chief quartermaster with the execution of this order.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Wateree River, S. C., February 22, 1865.

Major-General WOODS,

Commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Owing to the utter impossibility of moving the refugee train over the heavy and difficult roads of the country with any prospect of getting it into camp at a reasonable time for the comfort of the refugees themselves, or of the division with which it moves, the general commanding has decided to divide the train proportionately among the respective divisions of the corps. The sections will report for to-morrow's march as they may be assigned, and division commanders will please designate an appropriate place for them in their column and see that they (the refugees) are rationed and properly cared for in every particular. Should any brigade or division commander desire to have a refugee family move with his headquarters, he will be allowed to receive them, but must charge himself with their care and protection. At any time during the campaign should improper persons be found with the column the general commanding directs they be at once removed from the command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Hazen, J. E. Smith, and Corse.)

