
River, near which I have placed my command in bivouac, having marched ten miles. One hundred and fifty bales of cotton were burned by my orders during the day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Wateree River, S. C., February 22, Numbers 5. 1865.

At an early hour to-morrow, the 23rd instant, this command will be stripped of all horses and mules not allowed by existing orders and regulations, by orders from corps headquarters; and the trains of this division, especially the ordnance, are much in need of mules to haul them, the march during the past few days having used up many of the animals. It is therefore ordered that all surplus animals, in this division including those used by forage details, be turned over to Captain H. R. Benjamin, acting assistant quartermaster, before marching to-morrow morning. After crossing the river a new system of foraging will be inaugurated and twenty animals furnished to each brigade to mount details for that purpose from the quartermaster's department. Officers of the inspector-general's department will report any officer who attempts to avoid compliance with this order.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Wateree River, S. C., February 22, 1865.

Major BURKHARDT,

Commanding Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry:

MAJOR: I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you to move your command in advance of the leading division, which will break camp at 6. 30 o'clock. You will please reconnoiter for a road from Liberty Hill to Flat Rock Post-Office via either Russell Place or Red Hill Post-Office, and will start your parties at a sufficiently early hour to accomplish some good.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Poplar Springs Post-Office, February 22, Numbers 49. 1865.

The command will move forward on the direct road to-morrow and cross the Wateree at Peay's Ferry.

The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will have the advance and will move at 7 a.m.

The First Regiment Michigan Engineers, Colonel J. B. Yates commanding, with their tool wagons, will follow the train of the Fourth Division.

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the engineer regiment and will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock.

