HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, ARMY OF INVASION,Douglass' House, near Black Stocks Station, February 22, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON, A. S. G., Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I am now encamped at Springville [Springwell], on railroad, and cross to J. Y. Mills' house, on Little Rocky Creek. My advance has been to within tive miles of Chesterville. A portion of Wheeler's cavalry is at that point, but he and Hampton are moving toward Landsford. General Carlin encamps to-night at Youngsville. I will move at an early hour for the pontoon, and my first brigade (General Atkins) will be at the river ready to cross at 3 p.m. to-morrow. By rapid marching I can reach Lancaster before the half of the rebel cavalry can reach that pointt. I think, however, they are marching for Charlotte. Cheatham has not yet crossed Broad River; was making preparations to do so to-day. The bridges you wished destroyed were all burned by Captain Northrop of my staff. An infantry lieutenant and seven men were murdered yesterday by the Eighth Texas Cavalry after they had surrendered. We found their bodies all together and mutilated, with paper on their breasts, saying, "Death to foragers. " Eighteen of my men were killed yesterday and some had their throats cut. There is no doubt about this, general, and I have sent Wheeler word that I intend to hand eighteen of his men, and if the cowardly acts is repeated, will burn every house along my line of march, and that can be reached by my scouting parties. I have a number of prisoners, and shall take a fearful revenge. My people were deliberately murdered and by a scourting of 300 men commanded by a lieutenant-colonel. I will try and see the general-in-chief at the bridge.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. K. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Off Charleston, S. C., February 22, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your communication of to-day,* stating that you are about to move a force toward the Santee River, and asking if I could send some gun-boats on a reconnaissance in that river. In reply, I am able to inform you that with a view to some communication with General Sherman I had already placed two gun-boats inside the harbor of Georgetown and have ordered other vessels there, to be in readiness for any movement that might be of use to General Sherman. The Santee has but little depth at its bar, and I am therefore obliged to send such vessels as can enter. The Geranium, a tug of about six or seven feet draft, was sent there, with two howitzer launches, to pioneer the way for the McDonough, and to examine the channel as well as the road to Georgeotwn. I just learn thatthe Geranium finds it too rough, and is now at Gerogetown awaiting an opportunity to get into the Santee, but she will no doubt obey the orders as soon as it is possible to do so. Am I to understand that the gun-boats are to accompany the troops from this place to Georgetown or after they reach that place? Orders for either will be given if you will please to let me know what you desire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

---------------

*See 21st, p. 525.

---------------

