HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 22, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the satisfaction of announcing the capture of Wilmington. On the 19th, after the capture of Fort Anderson, we found theenemy in position behind Town Creek, and opposite to its mouth, on the east side of the river. During the night I transferred General Ames' division, which had been operating with General Cox against Fort Anderson, to the east bank, to rejoin General Terry. On the 20th General Terry pushed the enemy back to a point about four miles from Wilmington, where he appeared in force behind strong intrenchments. General Terry's loss was about 50 men killed and wounded. General Cox crossed Town Creek by the use of asingle flatboat, attacked and drove the enemy in confusion from the field, capturing 375 prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery. Yesterday the enemy concentrated nearly his entire force against General Terry and prevented any farther advance. General Cox pushed forward to the crossing of Brunswick River and secured possession of the main portionof a pontoon bridge, which the enemy fired on his approach. By the use of the boats General Cox put some men on Eagle Island and threatened to cross the river above Wilmington. The enemy at once set fire to his military and naval stores steamers, boats, cotton, &amp;c., and commenced his retreat at dark. Our troops entered the city soon after daylight this morning. The enemy has gone toward Goldsborough, and General Terry is in pursuit. Our loss in killed and wounded since we left Fort Fisher is probably only about 200 men. That of the enemy is not much large inkiled and wunded, but we have taken about 800 prisoners, besides a large number of stragglers and deserters. A large amunt of heavy artillery anda few field pieces have fallen into our hands. The admiral is now clearing away the obstructions in the river, and we hope to get the transports up to-day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Wilmington, N. C., February 22, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel William J. Jordan, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is hereby assigned to duty as provost-marshal of Wilmington during the temporary stay of this division, and will issue such orders and regulations for the establishment of good order and discipline in this vicinity as he may deem necessary.

II. During the temporary stay of this division at Wilmington the One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry is assigned to duty as provost guard.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

