
The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will move forward at 7 a.m.

The First Michigan Engineers, Colonel J. B. Yates commanding, will follow the Fourth Division.

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will move forward at 6 a.m., following the First Michigan Engineers.

The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will move forward at 6 a.m., following the First Division.

The train of the First Michigan Engineers will follow the First Division train.

If practicable the troops will move by the side of the train, keeping to the right.

Corps headquarters train will follow the headquarters train of the Fourth Division.

The section of the bridge train that moves with this corps will follow the train of the Third Division, and General Force will move two regiments in rear of it as rear guard.

The other section of the train will move after the Third Division train until it reaches Liberty Hill, where it will take the road to Flat Rock Post-Office and move with the Fifteenth Army Corps.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be prepared to move at 6. 30 a.m.

By command of Major F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 44. Catawba River, S. C., February 23, 1865.

This command will move forward to-morrow at 6 a.m., in the following order, following First Division: First, First Brigade; second, Battery Fifteenth Ohio; third, Second Brigade. Ambulances and trains in usual order.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, Rocky Mount Post-Office, S. C., February 23, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief has directed General Kilpatrick, who is here with his command, to commence crossing at 7 p.m. to-night, and occupy the bridge until his command is entirely over. In the meantime he wishes you to push your train over as rapidly as possible, and as soon as the cavalry is over to resume the use of the bridge until your entire command is over.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

