
injured or meddled with. The latter will be needed immediately as rendezvous for the organization of colored regiments.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfenning:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 23, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Cape Fear River, N. C.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to say that he is informed that you have for your headquarters the hospital boat, the Spaulding. If so, your action is disapproved, and you will immediately return the vessel to the Medical Department. He also directs me to say that no Government vessel will be diverted from its proper business and used as the headquarters of any officer without the permission of the War Department, and that an application for such use must state the circumstances rendering it necessary, and showing that headquarters cannot be established on shore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 23, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, off Fort Fisher, N. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that your occupation of the hospital transport S. R. Spaulding for your headquarters is in violation of General Orders, Numbers 18, copy herewith inclosed,* and is disapproved by him. The Secretary directs that you immediately give up the steamer to the control of the Medical Department again, and that you conform to the terms of the general order referred to.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 24, 1865-11 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I would respectfully recommend the appointment of Schofield as brigader-general in the regular army. He ought to have had it from the battle of Franklin.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See February 8, p. 342.

---------------

35 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

