
Fourth Independent Company Ohio Cavalry, and as many men as can be furnished from the signal corps, scout in the direction of Camden, and, if practicable, enter the city and destroy the depot and other railroad property and whatever army supplies may be found.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Williams' Cross-Roads, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that during to-morrow you close up your command ready to move forward the next day, and that you send your mounted infantry forward to secure and hold thed bridge at Tillersville until the arrival of the column at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near West's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that in accordance with orders, I broke camp near Flat Rock Church at 7 a.m., marching by way of McDowell's and Young's to my present camp at West's Cross-Roads, making a distance of fifteen miles over the heaviest roads. I was obliged to do a great deal of corduroying, and over one stream on the line of march to make a bridge some fifty feet in lenght. The Third Brigade of my division is still back at Red Hill. The commanding officer has just sent me world that he will probably not move to-day, as at 4 a.m. the pontoon boats had not been taken up. I saw no evidence of the enemy to-day. My troops are encamped looking eastward, my headquarters being near to the cross-roads.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Hughes' Mills, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report aht this division, preceeded by the Fourth, arrived here at 4 p.m., which is as near West's as the command can well be put to-night. I can find no one who knows anything about West's. This is on the direct Camden and Cheraw road, six miles from the former place and fourteen from the crossing of Lynch's Creek at Tiller's. The roads to-day have been very good, notwithstanding the rain; have been plain, and I have kept as far to the left as I could find roads. My right flank brushed Camden, one regiment passing through it. The road to Lynch's Creek is direct and good.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

