HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near West's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major M. WOOHDULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command broke camp at 7 o'clock this a.m. and marched via Flat Rock Post-Office to near West's Cross-Roads. The division in encamped in line, fronting north and northeast, covering neighborhood roads. These headquarters are on West's plantation; distance marched, sixteen miles.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Hughes' Mills, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division this instant:

I broke camp at 7. 30 a.m., and moving in advance of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, crossed White Oak Creek and continued on the Camden road, via Rock Spring Church, and until crossing Saunders' Creek, when, pursuant to orders from Major-General Hazen, I directed my column on a field road to the left via Kirkwood's, and within one mile and a half of Camden. Bearing well to the left, I continued on this road until striking the Cheraw and Camden road, upon which I moved as far as Hughes' Mills on Big Pine Tree Creek, crossing which I placed my command in bivouac. After crossing Saunders' Creek, by consent of General Hazen, I sent one regiment (Twelfth Illinois Volunteers) and four companies of another (Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers) into Camden, with proper instructions as to the destruction of Government property, stores, &amp;c. This detachment of my divisioin, under Colonel Adams, met the enemy's cavalry I light force and drove them into and through the city, wounding two men and capturing several prisoners. The expedition burned 1,000 bales of cotton, the depot buildings, and a large building filled with flour and meal (sacked), several hoghsheads of sugar and rice, besides a flouring mill filled with corn and wheat; also cut the telegraph wires, recaptured and released seven men of the Second Division who were picked up by the enemy while foraging. About sixteen prisoners, including a captain and commissary of subsistence, were picket up by my command in and around Camden while passing. My command has marched a distance of twenty miles over heavy roads.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Flat Rock Post-Office, S. C., February 24, 1865.

The division will move at 7. 30 a.m. in following order: Second, Third, and First Brigades, the central brigade marching by the side of the trains as usual; two regiments of the advance brigade in rear of

