HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Beaufort, S. C., January 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The movement on Pocotaligo has been completely successful. I have just returned from the railroad station near that place. I only used one brigade (Colonel Smith's) of your corps, and kept that in reserve. It is now at Gardner's Corners. The road from here to Pocotaligo is quite good. I have directed General Blair to reconnoiter back toward Savannah via Hardeeville and the Union Causeway. As soon as you get this dispatch please order your mounted infantry and general officers' headquarters escorts, that they don't need, to push out and see if they cannot push through to Pocotaligo, sending word back to you as to the practicability of that route for transportation or animals. The steamers are slower in bringing animals than anything else. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be ordered forward at the same time.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pocotaligo, S. C., January 15, 1865.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: There is a good road, and I think two of them, from this point to the mouth of the Tullifinny River, on Broad River. The distance is twelve miles. If supplies can be brought up in steamers to that point my command can be supplied much easier than my Port My command is in good position and can withstand any force in the State or out of it. I will send you a sketch of the position as soon as it can be made. I have sent a small force toward Salkehatchie to ascertain the position of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

P. S. -I forward report of the reconnaissance to Salkehatchie just received.

[Inclosure.]

MASON'S BRIDGE, January 15, 1865.

Major-General BLAIR:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I reached this bridge at 3 p.m. and found General Hatch here. The bridge is destroyed and cannot cross until repaired. The engineers say it will be completed by morning, when I will proceed as directed.

Very respectfully,

J. A. McQUEEN,

Lieutenant, Company K, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.

