
evidence that the enemy had resolved upon murdering our men is fast accumulating. Another report that has just come in that a soldier belonging to the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry was found hung to the limb of a tree near the roadside. I shall retaliate as far as my own people are concerned, as you have directed. Major-General Hampton is now at Lancaster. I can forward for you any communication to or through him to any higher rebel authorities you may desire regarding the facts mentioned.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. JONES,

Commanding Eighth Indiana Cavalry:

SIR: I was ordered to take twenty-five men on the 22nd instant and proceed to the Abbeville Railroad and destroy all bridges I could find from Black Buck Creek to Broad River. I struck the railroad at Black Creek bridge, which I burned, it being a trestle-work of about 120 yards in length. I then move up the river one mile and burned a drist-mill and two warehouses, which contained 1,500 bushels of shelled corn in sacks and 100 bushels of wheat, 75 sacks of flour, 19 barrels of molasses, 6 bales of cotton, 10 bales of hay, and a lot of tools, such as axes, saws, picks, shovels, &amp;c. We found a guard of some 25 rebels a picket of 3 men being at the mill, which we drove over Broad River at the ford close by. We remained here half an hour to prevent them form recrossing and extinguishing the fire at the mill and railroad bridge. From thence I proceed as speedily as possible to the railroad bridge across Broad River, a distance of five miles, and found about 300 yards of it already consumed, having been fired by a foraging party of Company K of our regiment, under the charge of Sergeant Thompson, the evening before. From this point we started on our return to the command, and met no enemy during the evening or night, arriving within seen miles of Black Stocks at 12. 30 o'clock at night. Our horses being tired, we camped for the night, and started for our command at daybreak, which we joined at 9 a.m. of the 23rd, after traveling fifty-five miles.

Yours, very respectfully,

ANDREW JACKSON,

Lieutenant, Company C, Eighth Indiana Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH INDIANA CAVALRY,February 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to brigade headquarters, First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Indiana Cavalry.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY COMMAND,In the Field, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded:

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

