
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 27. Hilton Head, S. C., February 24, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Stewart L. Woodford, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the duties of provost-marshal-general of the department, and is announced as chief of staff to the major-general commanding, and temporarily assigned to the command of the post of the city of Charleston, S. C., which post will consist of the city proper and Castle Pinckney.

II. In compliance with paragraph VII, Special Field Orders, Numbers 13, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers is hereby designated as the permanent garrison of the post of Charleston, and Colonel William Gurney, of that regiment, as the permanent post commander. Upon his return to the department, from which he is now absent on account of wounds, he will relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford of the command of that post.

III. Major Benjamin W. Thompson, Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, is hereby announced as provost-marshal-general of the department, and will immediately relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford, receipting to him for all money and properly pertaining to the office.

IV. Lieutenant Frank Geise, Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, assistant provost-marshal-general of the department, in addition to his duties as such, will act as collector of the department military tax prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 5, current series, from these headquarters, until the arrival of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Strong, First North Carolina (Union) Volunteer, heretofore announced as military tax collector.

Lieutenant Geise will immediately relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford as acting military tax collector, receipting to him for all money and properly pertaining to the office.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed at once to the Northern District, Department of the South, and assume command of the U. S. forces in that district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General E. P. Scammon,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General Seth Williams, acting inspector-general, U. S. Army, suggest that the small garrison and the Government stores at Saint Augustine, Fla., should all be within Fort Marion, or immediately outside of the for and under its guns, to avoid the danger of the capture of that part of the command left in the town and the destruction of the Government property located there. The major-general com-

