
manding directs that you take such immediate action in this matter as the necessities of the case, in your judgment, require, reporting the same to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 24, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

Richmond papers have ceased to give information of Sherman's movements. I presume, however, he is now past Charlotte with his advance and moving toward Goldsborough by the most practicable route. He may followed the railroad north for some distance past Charlotte, but this will depend on the movements and apparent strength of the enemy. I learn of nothing leaving here recently, except three brigades of Battle's division, numbering possibly 3,500 men. They left their position between the James and Appomattox yesterday morning. I hope and know you will push out and form a connection with Sherman at the earliest practicable moment. If your reach Goldsborough and have a fair prospect of getting your road finished soon, it may be unnecessary for Sherman to come down to the coast. Make every effort to communicate with Sherman at once. you will probably find some citizen who can be trusted to carry a note in cipher to Sherman. He had I think, a cipher operator with him. Every effort has been made to get your troops and all else called for by you through, but the ice has kept everything back very much. Teams will be forwarded rapidly. I have also ordered one regiment of cavalry to you, numbering about 600 effective. I would send an entire division from Sheridan's army, but I have ordered him to move on the Virginia Central road and James River Canal. He will probably go to Lynchburg, and if information there received justifies it he go on and join you and Sherman. If you Sherman are once united you can keep as far in the interior of North Carolina as you may be able to supply yourselves. With your large force you will have united, Raleigh may not be found too far off. I congratulate you and the army under you for the brilliant success of which I have as yet received but the meager report sent by Admiral Porter. On receipt of the news I immediately telegraph asking to have your nhe Senate for the appointment of brigadier-general in the regular army, stating that I thought you should have the appointment for the battle of Franklin. I hope within a day or two be able to congratulate you on your confirmation. Deserters from the rebel army are growing very numerous. Many are now bringing their arms with them. This morning forty-five came in a single squad and from a single regiment - a South Carolina regiment at that.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City point, Va.:

GENERAL: After the capture of Wilmington General Terry pursues the enemy as far as the Northeast River, where he found the

