
railroad and pontoon bridges destroyed. The bridge over Smith's Creek is also destroyed. I have not learned whether any damage has been done to the railroad beyond the river. I shall push forward as soon as I can get any means of transportation. Wagons are beginning to arrive, and I hope the delay will not be long. The rebel agent of exchange had informed me that he will deliver 10,000 of our prisoners at the point where the railroad crosses the Northeast River, and I have agreed to receive them at that point. I presume he will commence to deliver them to-day. I am making all possible provision for the care of the sick, which will no doubt be a large proportion of the whole number. I have sent General Ruger's division of the Twenty-third Corps to New Berne, and shall send either General Terry or General Cox there to command the troops operating from that point. I will go there or remain with the troops operating from this place, as may seem advisable. I will also keep transports enough for a short time to carry a division from one point to the other, if it becomes necessary. I have heard nothing yet of the troops you have ordered General Gilmore to send me, but presume they must be along in a very few days. I can land them here or at Beaufort, according to circumstances. I have asked for the assignment of General Cox and General Terry to corps commands, both because the strength of my command renders it desirable and because it will enable me to leave either the one or the other in command of the column which I may not be with at any time. Moreover, it will make the organization of my army correspond with that of General Sherman's other grand divisions. I hope, for these reasons, my request may be complied with. I presume General Sherman, upon hearing of the hall of Wilmington, will send his cavalry this way to communicate with me and inform me of his progress. I shall also make constant efforts to communicate with him by means of scouts. I propose to repair both railroads toward Goldsborough as rapidly as possible. I shall also make such preparation as I can to send supplies to General Sherman by the river toward Fayetteville in case he should call for them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. c., February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that the troops in this department which do not belong to the Twenty-third Army Corps may be organized into an army corps, and that Major General Alfred H. Terry be assigned to its command. Also that Major General J. D. Cox may be assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, February 24, 1865 - 10 p.m.

(Received 11. 30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Our reports entered Wilmington on the morning of the 22nd instant. After the evacuation of Fort Anderson. General Schofield directed

