
Cox to follow its garrison toward Wilmington, while Terry followed Hoke on the east side of the river. The latter took up a new line four miles from Wilmington, but was so closely pressed by Terry that he could send no troops to the west side. On that side the rebels made a stand behind Town Creek, but on the 20th Cox crossed his troops below them on a flat-boat, attacked them in rear, and route them, taking 2 guns and 300 prisoners. On the 21st Cox pushed to the Brunswick River, opposite Wilmington, where the bridges were on fire, and on his arrival the rebels began burning cotton and rosin in the city, and left it that night. Our captures, including Fort Anderson, amount to about 700 prisoners and 30 guns. Citizens state that the rebels burned 1,000 bales of cotton and 15,000 barrels of rosin. The Union feeling showed itself quite strongly in the city. Terry followed Hoke northward.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 38. City Point, Va., February 24, 1865.

The Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry Volunteers will proceed without delay to Wilmington, N. C. m and report to Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding Department of North Carolina, for duty. By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Wilmington, N. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following number of men required to fill several regiments belonging to the Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, to the maximum, and respectfully request that the deficiency be supplied by drafted men: Second Division: Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, 507; One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 363; Sixth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, 457; Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, 139; Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, 22; Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 482; One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, 505; One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 79; One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 309; One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 147; Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 517; Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 110. Third Division: One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 247; Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 257; Sixteenth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer, 136; Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 476; Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, 333; One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 318; One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, 267; Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, 390; Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 250; One hundred and third Ohio

