
He had not received it when he wrote his dispatch of the 21st. * I do not see the policy of opening any railroads from Charleston, but will await your orders on Gillmore's requisition.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., February 25, 1865 - 1 p.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

General Gillmore's dispatch of the 21st received. I scarcely see a contingency under which it will be necessary at present to open railroad communication in South Carolina. It is well enough to occupy Georgetown until Sherman is in communication from the seacoast. It is barely possible, though not probable, that he may require supplies from Georgetown.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW YORK, February 25, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Armies in the Field, Washington:

GENERAL: The citizens of New York have confided to us the grateful duty of transmitting the proceedings of a meeting held on the 22nd instant, in which they offer their cordial congratulations to the country on the recent successes of the Union arms. In the performance of this duty we beg to assure you of our hearty concurrence in the sentiments of the resolutions and our admiration of the skill and gallantry evinced by the forces engaged in upholding the flag of the nation.

With the highest respect, we remain, your obedient servant,

MOSES TAYLOR, Chairman.

SAM'L SLOAN,

S. B. CHITTENDEN,

Secretaries.

[Inclosure.]

NATIONAL CELEBRATION OF UNION VICTORIES.

MEETING OF CITIZENS.

NEW YORK, February 22, 1865.

On motion of Paul Spofford, esq., Mr. Moses Taylor was called to the chair, and Messrs. S. B. Chittenden and Samuel Sloan were appointed secretaries.

The chairman announced the purpose of the meeting, and Mr. Sloan offered the following resolutions, which were seconded by Mr. Charles H. Russell:

PROPOSED CELEBRATION OF UNION VICTORIES.

1. Resolved, That the war to quell rebellion, which now rapidly approaches its inevitable conclusion, involves essentially the principles of self-government, human freedom, and Christian civilization; that the people of the United states have abundant cause for congratulation in the knowledge that while successfully maintain-

---------------

* See p. 525.

---------------

