
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Williams' Cross-Roads, S. C., February 25, 1865.

The general believes that it is the enemy's intention to kill our foragers after capture. Two were found murdered the other day and labeled "Death to foragers. " Two were killed this morning near General John E. Smith's camp. General Sherman's directions with regard to retaliation will be strictly carried out by corps and division commanders; yet it is enjoined again upon all officers to prohibit individual foraging. The party must be big enough to be self-protecting. In two or three instances of late trains have been so straggled out on the march that a sudden dash of the enemy might capture several wagons without difficulty, and frequently wagons are sent out to forage with insufficient guards of five or six men. Every officer who cares at all for our safety and would save the precious lives of our men must do his part to prevent these irregularities. If not already done, an officer will be detailed in each brigade to have permanent charge of the foraging parties. His name will be registered at division and corps headquarters. The corps chief of artillery will regulate the foraging for the Artillery Brigade of the corps; the chief quartermaster for the trains of the corps, and an officer be appointed to the same duty for each headquarters. Captain P. A. Taylor, chief signal officer, is announced as the officer for these headquarters. The specific directions of each corps commander will be republished.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Williams' Cross-Roads, February 25, Numbers 49. 1865.

The movement for to-morrow will commence at 7 a.m. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move to Young's Bridge. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move to Tiller's Bridge and cross at least two divisions. Each of the pontoon trains will be located daily in the column by the corps commander and its commanding officer notified. Headquarters will be to-morrow night at Tiller's Bridge.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: The rebel cavalry are moving on the Porter road, down on my flank. I have had a little fight with them and drove them off apparently. What they may have behind them I cannot say. I have had 2 men killed and several wounded; have killed and wounded some 10 rebels. This it would be well for General Blair to send some of his advance well out toward this (Porter's) road to see what is in his front. Have possession of Tiller's Bridge all safe.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

