
the enemy fails to defend his country we may rightfully appropriate what we want. If our foragers act under mine, yours, or other proper authority, they must be protected. I have ordered Kilpatrick to select of his prisoners man for man, shoot them, and leave them by the roadside labeled, so that our enemy will see that for every man he executes he takes the life of one of his own. I want the foragers, however, to be kept within reasonable bounds for the sake of discipline. I will not protect them when they enter dwellings and commit wanton waste, such as woman's apparel, jewelry, and such things as are not needed by our army. The may destroy cotton and tobacco, because these things are assumed by the rebel Government to belong to it, and are used as a valuable source of revenue. Nor will I consent to the enemy taking the lies of our men of their judgment. They have lost all title to property and can lose nothing not already forfeited, but we should punish for a departure from orders, and if the people resist our foragers I will not deem it wrong, but the Confederate army must not be supposed the champions of any people. I lay these general rules and wish you to be governed by them. If any of your foragers are murdered, take life for life, leaving of each case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adju-General.

(Same to Generals Hazen, John E. Smith, and Corse.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Major General W. B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to push a brigade at once to the cross-roads at R. McCaskill's, where they will please go into in a defensive position, covering the cross-roads. General Smith has been skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, and a force of rebels is believed to be in this vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Sandy Grove Church, February 25, 1865- 1 p.m.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The head of column of both divisions has arrived here and encamping I sent a force of mounted foragers early this morning to take possession of Tiller's Bridge. As soon as I hear from them I will report their success.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West's Cross-Roads, February 25, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note written at 1 p.m. I presume ere this you have received instructions from the general commanding to place one brigade in position at the cross-roads at R. McCaskill's, and to send another to Tiller's Bridge,

