HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West's Plantation, S. C., February 25, 1865.

[Major MAX. WOODHULL:]

MAJOR: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you tat foragers report that from 300 to 400 of the enemy are about three miles back on this road on which this command marched yesterday, and that it may be the advance of a larger force. He respectfully suggests that if it meets with the approbation of the major-general commanding corps that a brigade be sent to near the right of the Second Brigade of this division, the point designated by him yesterday for one brigade. General Smith has started out to ascertain, if possible, what foundation there is for the above report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It has been ascertained that the enemy have quite a force of cavalry on our flanks and are picking up a large number of our foragers, scouts, and stragglers. Division commanders will please call the attention of officers in charge of forage details to the necessity of holding their men well in hand and in condition to meet an attack y the mounted force of the enemy. A detachment of foragers under command of an intelligent officer, when not drunk or scattered, have nothing to fear from cavalry dashes, but can make good their retreat upon the main column should they encounter a superior force. But when scattered, engaged in the pursuit of plunder, rather than in gathering subsistence for the army, they render themselves an easy prey to an active enemy. In this connection I have the honor to invite your attention to a communication from these headquarters relative to the treatment of certain captured by the enemy from General Kilpatrick. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Woods, Hazen, and John E, Smith.)
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Pine Tree, Church, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as a resort of the movements of my division this instant: I broke camp at 7. 30 a.m. and moved by a cut road parallel to the Camden and Cheraw road to Pine Tree Meeting-House, a distance of eight miles. I have ordered three

---------------

* See Woodhull to Woods, p. 567.

---------------

