SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Hough's Bridge, Little Lynch's Creek, February 25, Numbers 52. 1865.

The movement to-morrow will be to Young's Bridge:

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will move forward at 6 a.m., crossing Little Lynch's Creek.

The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will be prepared to move at 8. 30 o'clock, and will follow the First Division.

The First Michigan Engineers will move next after the troops of the First Division, with their tool-wagons and ambulances.

Their train will follow the train of the First Division.

The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will move forward at daylight and will march as far as practicable.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move forward at 6. 30 a.m. Corps headquarters train will follow the headquarters train of the First Division.

Great care will be taken that the foragers are kept together, as the enemy's cavalry are hovering on our flanks.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. - The First Division not getting across Little Lynch's Creek in time, the Fourth Division moved in advance.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Lynch's Creek, Hough's, February 25, 1865.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding wishes you to move as far as you can to-day and go into camp. He wishes you to send him word where you are. The Fourth Division will encamp on the east side of Little Lynch's Creek, crossing at Hough's Bridge, First Division on west side.

Very respectfully,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hough's Bridge, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that you will move forward at daylight to-morrow morning, following the road taken by the other divisions, crossing Hough's Bridge on Little Lynch's Creek. Order the pontoon train to move with you. The road passed over to-day has been good and I think you will find it the same to-morrow. The leading division will make Young's Bridge to-morrow, and the general wishes you to make a near that point as practicable. Instruct your foragers to be on the lookout, as the enemy's cavalry are scouting round us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

