HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Colonel A. BECKWITH,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Savannah:

I gave orders to have Georgetown occupied, but I fear the weather has delayed the operation. I go up to Charleston to-night. The navy are in the inner bay at Georgetown.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Brigadier General HENRY PRINCE,

Blair's Landing, S. C.:

It is reported by colored people that Hood's army, about 12,000 strong, passed through Augusta some days since to join Beauregard. Finding himself cut off, he may turn upon us. Should he appear on your front you will fall back to Port Royal Ferry. The railroad can be of no use to him, and you need not attempt to hold it against a greatly superior force.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1865 - 2 a.m.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report as follows: A number of deserters from General Hardee's army were brought in last night. They left the enemy's lines on the 21st, 22nd, and 24th instant, in the neighborhood of Santee River. It seems there is no doubt that General Sherman has taken Columbia and has advanced a good distance eastward. The rebel officers expressed the fear that they were already cut off by General Sherman's Army. General Hardee was said to be ordered to take with his army the route from santee River along the railroad to Florence and Cheraw, S. C., and from the latter place to march to Charlotte, N. C. General Hardee's army, now at Santee River, numbers between 10,000 and 12,000, with about forty pieces of artillery. The last of his troops will cross Santee River to-day. General Potter was yesterday morning twenty-two miles from Charleston on the State road. I ordered him to advance as far as possible and try to prevent the enemy from destroying the trestle-work of the railroad line over and near Santee River. The Northeaster Railroad is repaired as far as Goose Creek, and trains are running. The repairs of the trestle-work at Goose Creek will require at least three days. Three locomotives and twenty-four cars were ready yesterday. Another train will be furnished to-day. Telegraph communication was established yesterday between Goose Creek and Charleston, and will probably be established between Charleston and General Potter's command. Major Place is at work on the State road bridge over Goose Creek. I am informed that there are between six and seven feet of water in Cooper River near Santee Canal

