
(Monk's Corner), and that the canal may be passed by row-boats and perhaps light-draft steamers. The Savannah, with 100 men, will leave here this morning at 9 o'clock, accompanied by one or two gunboats, and is ordered to go up Cooper River to the head of navigation (Santee Canal, Monk's Corner). The vessels will make as much noise as possible, firing to the eastward, and try to connect with General Potter as soon as possible. Should the river prove as navigable as pilots report it to be, General Potter will to-day have a new and more simple base. I shall order the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, with a number of row-boats, up Cooper River to try to pass the canal and to Santee River. Admiral Dahlgren was to land yesterday 350 marines on the northern shore of Santee River, in order to co-operate with the gun-boats against the Georgetown battery. I have not been able to send any force to Santee River up to this moment. The One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers have not yet arrived, neither has Colonel Van Wyck's brigade. The Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, which I ordered in from General Potter's command for that purpose, has not yet reported. I have therefore been obliged to order 300 men of Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops to santee River on board the Augusta. Ensign Neil, commanding the Augusta, will leave the harbor at daylight. The officers have full instructions, and the movement will be supported by the navy. I would respectfully repeat my application for the appointment of a regular and able commissary for this district. I am very much in want of cavalry saddles and bridles and of artillery harness. To hasten the work on the railroad requires a large number of axes and spades, which are not to be had in this district. The trestle-work of the railroad bridges requires a large amount of lumber, twelve by twelve, and a supply of six-inch spikes. The commissary stores have finally arrived. I have ordered about 400 deserters and prisoners and some cattle to be sent to Hilton Head by the Loyalist.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the cavalry from under your command be ordered to report to me as soon as practicable, as I wish to send them to Brigadier-General Potter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Colonel C. H. VAN WYCK,

Commanding First Brigade, Hatch's Division:

COLONEL: As soon as your brigade is ready it will cross over the Ashley River and will proceed to the Northeastern Railroad depot, from whence it will take the cars to Goose Creek. Lieutenant Hagens, act-

