
ing assistant quartermaster and chief quartermaster of this district will furnish the necessary transportation. Captain Blau, acting aide-de-camp of the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, will guide your command. The proper steps will be taken to prevent straggling in the city. The troops will march with bands playing and colors flying.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, February 25, 1865.

Colonel P. P. BROWN, Jr.,

157th New York Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will cross over to Charleston City as soon as convenient. Lieutenant Hagens, acting assistant quartermaster, will furnish transportation. Captain Blau, acting aide-de-camp of the brigadier-general's (commanding) staff, will guide your command. The proper steps will be taken to prevent straggling in the city. Captain Blau will conduct your command to the fortification outside of the city. Your regiment will have their colors flying and band playing when marching through the city.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1865 - 9 a.m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER:

GENERAL: Deserters who came in around your command to-day state that the enemy had outposts on this (east) side of Cooper River, opposite Strawberry Ferry. Others state that the last of the enemy's infantry will cross Santee River to-day, and that the trestle-work and railroad bridge are not yet burned. Try to prevent them from doing so. I will furnish you to-morrow with another base. I understand that there is from five to seven feet of water in Cooper River up to Santee Canal, Monk's Corner. The tin-clad Savannah will leave here to-day at 9 a.m. with 100 men, and probably be accomplished by one or two gun-boats, and is ordered to proceed up Cooper River to the head of navigation (Santee Canal, Monk's Corner), and to make in going up as much noise as possible, firing eastward. The officer in command has ordered to connect with you as soon as practicable. The Augusta will leave at daylight this morning with 300 men of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, proceed to Santee River, ascend the river to the railroad bridge if possible, and connect you in that neighborhood. The navy will support this movement with gun-boats, steam and other launches. Colonel Van Wyck's brigade has not arrived, nor the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, nor the Fifty-second Pennsylvania. I will forward Colonel Van Wyck's brigade by trains to Goose Creek as fast as they arrive. Guides furnished by you and your orders should be ready for them there to-day, and await them. They will be provided with three days' rations. Yesterday I ordered

37 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

