
200 men of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops to report to you. Telegraphic communication is established between here and Goose Creek. Yesterday afternoon Captain Luttwitz sent a telegraph operator with instrument, &amp;c., up the railroad to find you. Five mounted orderliest have been stationed at Goose Creek to convey dispatches to and from you. After telegraphic communication has been assured they will be at your disposal for other purposes. Five more wagons will be set for you to Goose Creek by train this morning. For one section of artillery I have not yet been able to find horses and harness. The last report received from you was given to me verbally by Captain Luttwitz after he had seen you day before yesterday. The Fifty-second Pennsylvania, after having report to these headquarters, will take up Cooper River a number of boats, and you may order them to enter Santee River by way of the Santee Canal, if the latter should not be passable by the Savannah.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER TWENTY-FIRST U. S. COLORED TROOPS:

CAPTAIN: Your command will immediately march in from the lines to the Atlantic Dock, where they will hold themselves in readiness to embark without delay on the tin-clad Augusta. They will draw from the chief commissary of the district enough rations to enable them to have on hand ten days' rations from to-morrow morning.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

J. W. DICKINSON,

Captain, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that no abandoned or captured property of any kind whatever be put on board any Government transport for the purpose of removing it from your district, without proper authority from the U. S. Treasury agent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Hatch.)

CITY POINT, VA., February 25, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Fortress Monroe:

Do not hesitate about making any changes in commanders you may think necessary. I supposed Palmer had Kinston before this. I think by all meas you should get Goldsborough, and hold and supply it as soon as possible. If you have information of Sherman coming in at

