
any other point, you will, of course, want to meet him with supplies. If he should come to Fayetteville, you could send supplies after his arrival there. prepare to send supplies forward to Fayetteville the moment you know Sherman is coming in there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Sent by telegraph to Fort Monroe and thence by boat to Wilmington.)

WILMINGTON, N. C., February 25, 1865.

(Received March 5.)

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: I am happy to inform you that we are in Wilmington. The enemy evacuated and destroyed all Government shops and material. I am securing all the property that will be of service to the department. I hope the engine and cars will be forwarded with all possible dispatch. Please direct that two light-draft propeller tug-boats and two side-wheel tug-boats be ordered here for duty as soon as possible. This department is deficient in assistant quartermasters. Please send six good efficient officers. I will send you regular reports and estimates as soon as I get the department organized. The army is in good spirits. We have been crowned with success.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. S. DODGE,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the North Carolina.

WILMINGTON, N. C., February 25, 1865.

(Received 4 p.m. March 5.)

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM,

Washington:

Wilmington is in our possession and General Schofield wishes the railroad leading from here to Goldsborough opened up immediately. I am ready to commence work at once, but have not received a single car or locomotive yet, nor any of the supplies which I have made requisitions for. Nothing of any importance can be done here until we get these supplies and rolling-stock. If the rolling-stock has not been shipped, would it not be well to send some from City Point to this point at once. I can change the gauge afterward, but I must have something to work with now. I also need more men. Can't you send me part of the constructions force in Virginia until my men arrive from the West? I would like to have McAlpine with 500 men sent here as soon as it is possible to send them.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer Government Railroads, &amp;c.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 14. Wilmington, N. C., February 25, 1865.

I. Major General J. D. Cox is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Beaufort. He will repair without delay to New Berne,

