
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 26, 1865 - 12. 25 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Chief of Ordnance sent yesterday an ordnance officer to Cape Fear River to secure the captured ordnance and ordnance stores. I have made the appointment of Schofield brigadier-general in regular army.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I regretted greatly when I learned that General Gillmore had been assigned to the command of the Department of the South. He probably will be a suitable officer to have the general superintendence of the fortifications on the seacoast, but on that duty he should be required to have all his requisitions approved by General Delafield or he will expend too much. Foreseeing the fall of Charleston, I sent orders to General Gillmore in advance of hearing of the event to occupy the necessary points on the coast for us to hold with minimum garrisons, and send the balance of his forces to the Cape Fear River, and to send all white troops, leaving the colored ones where they have been raised and where their families are. Before he received that order I suppose he sent a letter calling for from 4,000 to 5,000 more troops, 1,000 mounted men, with which he expects, by uniting the civil with the military, to feed and foster the Union sentiment. I feel confident that, with General Terry in command of that department, instead of wanting an addition to his force, he will spare 10,000 men to be used elsewhere, and the balance will be much more economically supported and usefully employed. He will administer the affairs of his department with sense and judgment, and will not talk about expeditions and consequents where there is no enemy to oppose him. He will also prove a most excellent man to organize colored troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ingraham's House,, S. C., February 26, 1865.

General HOWARD:

March slow and in order. Send to break the railroad. General Davis is not yet across the Catawba. The freshet carried away his pontoons, and I think he will have to burn a part of his trains. The Twentieth Corps is at Hanging rock, and I think General Kilpatrick is at Lancaster. I will go with the Twentieth Corps by Horton's Tavern and Blakeny's Bridge.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

