HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kelly's Bridge, S. C., February 26, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that my command arrived at this point at 12 m. to-day, and crossed two brigades and the battery. The water then rose so high as to necessitate the construction of temporary bridges over several deep parts of the stream. The condition of the crossing prevented the crossing of the trains. The water is now reported falling, which will enable me to complete the work early to-morrow.

About seventy rebel cavalry were across the river this evening and probably captured a few of the First Division foragers.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

I have not previously reported concerning the capture of Camden on the 24th. On the 22nd and 23rd the foragers of this division skirmished up to the suburs of the town, were twice repulsed, but on the evening of the 23rd entered the town, capturing several militiamen. On the on the morning of the 24th a party of foragers approaching the left of the town were captured by a small party of Hampton's cavalry, but those approaching from the right carried the town, releasing their comrades and killing one militiamen. We afterward captured the post commissary and chaplain. There was found in town 50,000 rations of corn meal and several thousand bales of cotton, all of which was burned before the fact was known to me. Several other captures have been made of officers and men driven away from the place. A regiment from the Fourth Division occupied the place for a short time.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kelly's Ferry, S. C., February 26, 1865.

Major W. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division moved at 10. 30 o'clock this a.m. (following First Division) on Camden road via Pine Tree and --- Churches to Kelly's Ferry, encamping at 4. 30 p.m. Distance marched, twelve miles. Upon arriving at --- Church I was informed by foragers and negroes that about 250 rebel cavalry had been seen upon and near the road after the Second Division had passed over it. I send a small force of my escort company forward and deployed three companies of infantry as skirmishers, but did not succeed in developing any of the enemy. A foraging party from this command went to Bishopville this morning and found a small force of cavalry, which retreated. The division is encamped in line about one-quarter of a mile west of Lynch's Creek, covering roads to the rear. These headquarters are at Kelly's house.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

