HDQRS, FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Lynch's Creek, S. C., February 26, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command this instant: I broke camp at 7 a.m. and moved upon the camden and Cheraw road to Lynch's Creek, seven mules distant, where I arrived at 10. 30 a.m., and found the low land contingent to the stream submerged with water to a mean depth of three feet, and extending over a flat of half a mile in breadth, and although the bridge across the main channel was intact, the roads were impracticable for the passing of army trains, and the water rising rapidly. In order to secure the bridge and occupy the position designated in orders from corps headquarters, I succeeded in crossing one brigade of infantry and my battery, although the men were compelled to wade in the water to their waists, making a lodgment on the opposite banks at 12 m. Prior to the crossing of this force the foraging details from my own command, and others of the corps, had encountered the enemy's cavalry and been driven in toward Tiller's Bridge, but were checked by the appearance of my infantry and the addition of a few mounted men of the Seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteers and orderlies attached to these headquarters. It is impossible to state definitely, to-night, the losses or casualties incident to the promiscuous skirmishing which took place. Nine of the enemy are known to have been killed, several wounded brought in, and five taken prisoners. A list of the casualties of my command will ne forwarded in due time. The enemy's force is variously estimated at from 500 to 2,000, and reported as passing to my right toward evening. In the skirmishing which took place I am pleased to mention the name of Corpl. Elijah G. Davis, Company I, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, with forage detail, who distinguished himself by refusing to surrender when attacked by four rebels, and fought hand to hand with them until he received seven wounds, and finally escaped death on the spot by the assistance of a comrade. His wounds, it is thought, will not prove fatal, and consist mainly of saber cuts. During the afternoon I succeeded in crossing the remainder of my infantry (Except five companies left as guard to train), and have placed my command in a defensible position, strongly picketing all approaches to the bridge. I have not been able to cross any portion of my supply or ordnance train except thirty-six boxes ammunition which had to be brought a portion of the way by hand. The water, up to 9 p.m., is still rising, and in some places can not be forded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Pine Tree Meeting-House, S. Numbers 27. C., February 26, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will march at 7 a.m. this instant (the leading brigade moving out upon the road at 6. 30 a.m.) upon the direct road to Tiller's Bridge, in the following orders:

The First Brigade in advance, with two regiments in advance and two marching by the side of the trains, in two ranks on each side, if

