
possible; Third Brigade in rear, with one regiment as rear guard and the others marching by the side of the trains. Trains in same order as yesterday.

The attention of brigade commanders and officers in charge of trains is called to the fact we shall be in advance of the entire corps and that the enemy's cavalry is in strong force on our flanks, and it is therefore of the greatest importance that the division column is moved well closed up and compact, and the foragers instructed to acts flankers.

Let the movement from camp be prompt. The regiment now absent from the division will rejoin their respective commands at 7 a.m. to-day.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVENTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Young's Bridge, S. C., February 26, 1865 - 2 p.m.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: My advance is at this point. I will put one division across to-night, of practicable. The bridge all right, but the approach on both sides is very bad. I shall have to corduroy one-quarter of a mile on one side and about one mile on the other. Two brigades of rebel cavalry crossed here this a.m., coming from our right. I expect two divisions up to-night. The rear division within five miles.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tillersville Bridge, February 26, 1865 - 3. 15 p.m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: General Logan has the most of Corse's division across the Lynch, but the water os over the road for about a mile. I wish you to move from Young's Bridge to Cheraw direct in three days, at least. Logan will do the same. We had quite a skirmish with rebel cavalry near Woodham's, as marched on the map. The rebels charged our skirmish line and foragers. They lost a good many horses and a few wounded and prisoners. General Logan took about 100 prisoners yesterday at Tiller's Brigade.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - The water has risen considerably within the last two hours, and it will be impossible to cross any more of the train until the water subsides. I think by to-morrow morning the water will fall so that the wagons can be crossed without difficulty.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

