HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lynch's Creek, Young's Bridge, S. C., February 26, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: The water on the road for about a mile on the other side of the Lynch is from two to four feet deep, but is falling slowly. I think I shall be able to cross my train in the morning. I am building a foot bridge to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDER, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Young's Bridge, S. C., February 26, 1865.

The movement to-morrow will be in the direction of Cheraw.

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will be prepared to move at 7 a.m., and if the water is low enough on the road on the opposite side of the creek, will cross at that hour.

The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will be prepared to move at 8. 30 o'clock and will follow the First Division.

Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will move forward at 6 a.m. and will follow the route of the corps. He will move as far as practicable to-morrow, endeavoring to close up to the rest of the command.

The bridge train will move as General Force will direct. The troops will move on the right of the train.

Division commanders will take all possible precautions to prevent dashes of the enemy on the trains.

The First Michigan Engineers will follow the troops of the First Division with their tool wagons and ambulances. Their train will follow the train of the First Division.

Corps headquarters train will move with the train of First Division headquarters.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will cross the river at 6 a.m. and await orders on the opposite side.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,February 26, 1865 - 2 p.m.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication. I started a dispatch from here about 8 o'clock last night, directing you to move forward at daylight this a.m. The roads are good between your camp and here.

Respectfully,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

