
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Hanging Rock Post-Office, S. C., February 26, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Lynch's Creek in the following order: Second Division, Third Division. General Geary will start his command at 6. 30 a.m. The other divisions will follow in the above order. The troops of the Second Division will march unencumbered in the advance, and will repair the roads so as to make them passable for the trains, General Jackson will dispose of his troops so as to cover the trains of the Second and First Divisions. General Ward will detail three regiments as rear guard. The artillery will march in the same positions as to-day, viz, one section with the rear guard, one battery in rear of General Geary's advanced brigade, the balace in rear of the troops of General Geary's division. The artillery ammunition train will march in rear of the train of the Second Division. Every effort will be made by the advanced division to make the roads passable for the trains, but the troops of the First and Third Divisions must be used to make such repairs as the passage of our heavy trains render necessary, and will be kept with the trains to which they are assigned.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Hanging Rock Post-Office. February 26, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY, Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The berevt major-general commanding the corps directs me to inform you that the order for the movement of this corps for to-morrow is suspended until further orders. This delay is occassioned by the Fourteenth Corps not coming up as expected. when the movement takes place it will be in order heretofore prescribed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Hanging Rock Post-Office, S. C., February 26, 1865.

GENERAL: The berevt major-general commanding directs me to inform you that owing to the delay of the Fourteenth Corps the movement of this corps ordered for to-morro will not take place until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, ARMY OF INVASION,In the Field, Lancaster, S. C., February 26, 1865.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteeth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am encamped at Lancaters. The roads are very bad, and the streams much swollen. Please inform me where you will

