
not be done. My train was gotten up with great pains. The teams are good and well broken and the drivers experienced. I think my staff officers and the troops they are serving should have the benefit of the labor they have expended in organizing this train. We will at best have throuble enough with the raw teams drawn in Washington.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 15. Wilmington, N. C., February 26, 1865.

* * * * *

III. Companies B, G, and L, First Connecticut Artillery, are relieved from duty with the garrison at Fort Fisher, N. C., and will proceed to Broadway Landing, James River, Va., and report for duty with their regiment. Captain Pride will turn over the 30-pounder cannon, with equipments, ammunition, &amp;c., for which he is responsible, to the commanding officer of Company A, Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery. Proper invoices and receipts will be exchanged. The quartermaster's department will furnish all necessary transportation.

* * * * *

V. The following assignments and orders made by Major General J. D. Cox, on the 22nd instant, are approved and confirmed: Colonel O. W. Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, to command the post of wilmington; Lieutenant Colonel William J. Jordan, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, to be provost-marshal of Wilmington. The One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry to be provost-guard of Wilmington.

* * * * *

X. The steamer Russia will run regularly between Wilmington and Morehead City to carry the military mails. She will leave Wilmington every alternate day, starting from Morehead City habitually at 5 p.m.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Wilmington, N. C., February 26, 1865.

HENRY M. DRAIN,

Superintendent Wilmington and Machester Railroad:

SIR: You are hereby authorized and requested to bring to wilmington without delay all rolling-stock and other movable property belonging to your railroad under the following conditions, viz: Protection will be given to yourself and all employes of the road who may come in with the trains. I will take possession of the property on the part of the United States for Government use, and when no longer required by the Government will cause it to be returned to the railroad company. The property and general interest of the railroad company will be pro-

