
tected so far as it can be done consistently with the requirements of militaty operations. This offer is extended through ou to the agents of the roads connecting with yours from the south.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS, Numbers 43. Northeast Station, N. C., February 26, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, will send out a force of 200 good infantry to-morrow morning to reconnoiter the country onn this side of the Northeast River and in front of our lines, to return to-morrow night. The commanding officer of the Sixteenth New York Light Battery and Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery, will each send with the expedition one commissioned officer and twelve enlisted men for the purpose of procuring horses for their batteries, but in no case will they take all the animals from any plantation, leaving at least one horse or mule. The senior officer of the whole force will have command of the reconnaissance and will receive his instructions from Brigadier-General Paine.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., Fenruary 27, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of war;

Following from Richmond Examiner:

In the absence of official information of military affairs in the Carolinas, we take nothing from other sources of intelligence, and omit the usual references to our file of Southern exchanges. We do so at the request of the authorities, and with the understanding that the other city journals have been put under obligations of reticence to the extent indicated above. The public, no doubt, will be properly patient in this interval of silence and not take it as discouragement, for we are assured that there are good reasons for it, which look to an early official announcements of favorable results.

Richmond Dispatch:

General Joseph E. Johnston on Thursday evening last assumed command of the army in Sherman's front, lately commanded by General Beauregard.

Richmond Whig:

Charlotte, February 24. - We are indebted to the enterprise of the Southern express Company for Augusta papers to the 20th instant. No important military movements are reported. Captain Dickinson captured several offices and a considerable number of enlisted men during the recent Yankee raid in Florida. General N. B. Forrest has been placed in command of all the cavalry in the Districts of Mississippi, East Louisiana, and West Tennessee. His first general order promises the reorganization of the cavalry, with the restoration of discipline. He threatens to extreminate all mounted for a supposed march through Alabama. Raids have been made from Hernado, Miss., toward Senatobia. Many complaints of General Kirby Smith are made in the West. General Wofford is in command at Atlanta. Reorganization in Georgia has already commenced. Re-enforcements from Northern Mississippi have been sent to Grant. Large bodies of troops are moving in the West, and important movements are reproted. The Legislature of Mississippi is about to convene in extra session, for the purpose, it is said, of calling a State convention. The Georgia Legislature convened on the 14th instant at Macon.

