HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Hanging Rock Creek, S. C., February 27, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding the corps desires that you send one regiment in advance of your column to-morrow, startng at 5. 30 a.m., to push on as rapidly as possible, to get possession and hold thebridge over Little Lynch's Creek. The bearer, one of our scouts, will go with the regiment and guide it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Since writing the above the general has ordered that the regiment start at 4 a. m.

Respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 18. Hanging Rock Post-Office, February 27, 1865.

This command will change camp to the other side of Hanging Rock Creek, moving at 2 p.m., in the same order as the next march-Second, Third Brigades.

By command of Bvt. Major General John W. Geary:

W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Lancaster, S. C., February 27, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Militia Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am still encamped at Lancaster, holding the roads running in the direction of Charlotte and Monroe. Wheeler is holding the country in that direction. Hampton is in command. Wheeler reports to him. Such is my information. The enemy are under the impression that General Davis, Fourteenth Army Corps, is at or near this point, and that our intention is to move upon Charlotte by way of Monroe. The enemy is now intrenching, to hold the roads in that direction. I have made demonstrations on all roads in that direction, and have been met each time by the enemy in strong force. Hampton has received your communication. General Butler's cavalry, of Hampton's command, is moving on your immediate front in direction of, I think, Hickory Head. I shall move parallel to Davis, who expects to be at Pleasant Hill Post-Office to-night. I think I shall move on road by way of Nelson's, Montgomery's, and, unless I think the enemy too strong, by Plyer's, and thence across the headwaters of Lynch's Creek; otherwise cross the creek at French Creek Steam Mill. I shall move rather upon the left and rear of Davis, that the enemy may be deceived as long as possible as to our real direction of march and to protect his flanks from an attack, which the enemy certainly cold make at almost

