
any point, owing to the great number of roads. The country here is good; forage plenty. My command has been resting for two days, and is in better condition than at any time during the march. We have captured a large number of mules and some horses, and have mounted all my dismounted men, save 300. I think Hampton's and Wheeler's forces combined amount to about 6,000 fighting men. Notwithstanding this superiority of numbers, I shall attack if a favorable opportunity offers. The road upon which I shall march is the best in the country. I will keep you advised daily as to my operations and position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Hanging Rock, February 27, 1865.

Major-General KILPATRICK,

Lancaster:

GENERAL: Your letter is just received. It is all important that you keep me advised. Davis was slow in using the bridge and it carried away and was not mended until to-day. He will be all over to-night. The movement you describe is the proper one, to keep on the left rear of the left infantry corps. I have word from Howard that will put him near Cheraw to-morrow night, and I shall push to meet him, but must wait till General Davis gets along; probably will be about Horton's Tavern to-morrow night. Keep feeling the different roads toward Charlotte till you hear General Davis is well toward the headof Lynch's Creek and then draw off. General Howard captured a good many horses and mules and some militia. He will send a division, light, to Florence simply to break that road and prevent the removal of my more railroad stock. There is little doubt our troops are in Charleston, and General Howard reports that a dispatch reached Camden yesterday that we also had taken Wilmington. In that event the enemy will collect all his forces about Raleigh as soon as he sees I am not coming to Charlotte. Keep me advised daily; a dispatch sent tothe nearest corps, to be forwarded, will answer the purpose, but I think Hampton will draw off as soon as he feels General Howard's approach to Cheraw. General Howard is moving on the two roads from Young's and Tillersville.

General Slocum, Twentieth Corps, will probably pass at Blakeny's and General Davis at McManus'. You will have no trouble with Lynch's Creek, as it is passable anywhere above McManus'.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND, ARMY OF INVASION, Numbers 28. In the Field, Lancaster, S. C., February 27, 1865.

I. At 6 a.m. to-morrow, February 28, General Atkins, commanding Second Brigade, will send a regiment to relieve Colonel Spencer's pickets and will remain in his present position until 12 m., when further orders will be sent him.

