
II. Colonel Spencer, Third Brigade, upon being relieved by General Atkins, will move with his command into town and move on a road, which will be indicated, to Nelson's Cross-Roads and take post, picketing Camp Creek and road to Monroe. Colonel Spencer will so manage his command as to induce the enemy to believe we are moving on Charlotte via Monroe.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Way, commanding dismounted men, will with his command, follow Colonel Spencer and co-operate with him.

IV. Colonel Jordan, commanding First Brigade, will remain with his command in camp till 12 m., whenfurther orders will be sent him.

By command of Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 27, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Your applications for more troops and for reorganization of Tenth Corps, referred to General Grant, have been returned disapproved. General Grant says that the orders to send all your surplus white troops to Wilmington must be complied with; that no offensive operations by your command into the interior is contempated, and that if you require mounte dmen at Savannah you must get the horses there, as none can now be sent from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Charleston, S. C., February 27, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF U. S. SQUADRON,

Charleston Harbor:

SIR: I have the honor to state that in the city of Charleston no soldiers are allowed to go about without a proper pass approved by their commanding officers. In several instances sailors have been found in the city provided with no passes whatever, and I would therefore request that you will direct the commanding officers of the vessels of your squadron to provide all sailors with passes when they desire them to enter the city, and in no case to allow any sailor to be in the city after 6 p.m. Your early attention to this matter and reply will oblige,

Your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel 127th New York Volunteers and Commanding Post.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER:

Your dispatch to General Schimmelfening is received. The Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry left here to-day to join you. After destroying

