
any rice mills in your vicinity you can fall back to Monk's Corner, where you will be joined by Colonel Van Wyck. You can then return to this place, sweeping the whole country on both banks of the Cooper River. Bring in with you all means of transportation you find in that country. Destroy all the rice mills and send the cotton in to the banks of the river, where steamers can reach it. It is reported that there is a cavalry force near the Cainhoy, on the Wando. I resumed command of the district yesterday. Reports from the North confirm the evacuation of Wilmington.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 7. Charleston, S. C., February 27, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby appointed on the staff of the brigadier general commanding the district:

Captain Edgar B. Van Winkle, One hundred and third U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp and chief of staff; Captain W. W. Sampson, Thirty-third U. S. Colored Troops, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain John H. Moore assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster; First Lieutenant F. A. Wilcoxson, Third Rhode Island Artillery, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain F. K. Smith, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, in charge of railroad transportation; First Lieutenant Henry Hagens, Fifty-fourth New York Voluneers, acting assistant quartermaster, depot quartermaster in charge of water transportation; Captain Emil Marthell, chief of subsistence department and depot commissary; First Lieutenant N. M. Edwards, First New York Volunteer Engineers, chief engineer; Captain A. von Luttwitz, Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, topographical engineer; Second Lieutenant S. B. Starbird, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers; assistant topographical engineer; Captain James W. Grace, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, chief ordnance officer; Captain Jeremiah Lanahan, Third Rhode Island Artillery, chief of artillery; Surge. George S. Burton, Third Rhode Island Artillery, chief medical officer; Captain Thomas L. Appleton, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant T. C. Vidal, U. S. Army, chief signal officer; First Lieutenant D. George McMartin, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant James McMillan, Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Leiut., Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 8. Wilmington, N. C., February 27, 1865.

I. Provost-marhals in this department will administer the oath of allegiance to such persons as come within the provisions of the amnesty proclamation of the President of the United States, provided they are satisfied that such persons desire in good faith to aid in restoring the natioanl authority, and that they take the oath of allegiance cheerfully and voluntarily.

