
II. Reports will be made weekly to the provost-marshal-general, giving the name, age, and place of residence of every person who small have subscribed to the oathof allegiance; also of all other adult white persons residing the jurisdiction of each provost-marshal, together with such information as can be obtained touching the character and conduct of each individual.

III. Persons of known disloyalty, and those who shall by their language or their conduct manifest hostility to the Government of the United States, shall be sent beyond the lines of the army by an order from the provost-marshal-general or be brought before a military commission for trial and punishment, according to the nature of the offense.

IV. Officers authorized by law to appoint general courts-martial are empowered to appoint military commissions, and to confirm and execute the sentences of such commissions with the same limitations as in the case of general courts-martial.

V. Commercial intercourse within the limits of this department will be governed strictly by the laws of the United States and the regulations of the Treasury Department, and will be limited to that which may be necessary to supply the wants of the loyal people residing within the lines of military occupation, and persons in the employ of the Government. None but persons of undoubted loyalty and good character will be permitted to trade within the limits of the department.

VI. Intercourse between tonws occupied by the army, and the surrounding country within the lines of military occupation, will be permitted under regulations to be established by the provost-marshal-general for the purpose of enabling the inhabitants to supply themselves with the necessaries of life.

VII. The loayl people of the country residing within the lines of the army will be permitted to bring freely to market the products of their farms, and to receive in payment the currency of the United States. They will also be permitted to purchase family supplies from persons authorized to trade, upon permits granted by the local provost-marshals.

VIII. Railroads and telegraph lines are under special military protection. Any person who shall break, injure, or in any manner interfere with their military use, or shall fire into any railroad train or vessels navigating the waters of this department, shall be punished with death or otherwise at the disrection of a military commission.

IX. The destruction of property, public or private, is a waste of the national wealth, and alike injurious to the people and the Government. It is, therefore, to be avoided, except where military operations render it necessary. The highest commander present must alone be the judge of such necessity.

X. The troops will be supplied with such of the products of the country, especially vegetables, as are necessary for their health and comfort. This must be done by the proper staff officers, acting under the orders of the division and brigade commanders.

XI. Straggling and irregular foraging by individuals are prohibited and will be severely punished.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

