SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 16. Wilmington, N. C., February 27, 1865.

* * *

II. Hereafter, and until further ordes, Major General D. N. Couch, will command the Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps.

* * *

XVI. The provost-marshal general, Department of North Carolina, will take possession of all cotton, rosin, turpentine, and other contraband property in the country under control of the army, and will turn the same over to an officer of the quartermaster's department to be desingated by the chief quartermaster, who will receive and receipt for the same. All property so turned over will be stored in the city of Wilmington, and held subject to orders from these headquarters. The provost-marshal-general will cause an exact record to be kept of the time and place, where and when such property may be taken, and of its quantity, quality, and condition. Also the name and residence of the apparent owners or claimants in each case. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

XVII. Colonel McQuiston's brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, now at Fort Anderson, will move without delay to Morehead City. The commanding officer will report by telegraph from the latter place to Major General J. D. Cox, at New Berne, N. C., for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation by steamer.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON BOARD STEAMER ESCORT,

Federal Point, February 27, 1865.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A continuous storm has as yet prevented the Escort from leaving here. I should have insisted upon the captain's trying it, but the vessels of the fleet here, which tried it with us, have been obliged to return. I hope we shall be off before night.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 5. Wilmington, N. C., February 27, 1865.

I. Colonel O. H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, will at once report to his regiment for duty.

II. Colonel John Mehringer, Ninety-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, will assume command of the Second Brigade of this division.

* * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

