HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Wilmington, N. C., February 27, 1865.

Colonel J. F. BOYD,

Chief Quartermaster, Washington City:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th instant, in reference to the field transportation, &amp;c., for this army. Am much obliged for the information contained. In reply, I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that he desires arrangements to be made to transport nine days' supplies in wagons, 160 rounds per man infantry ammunition, and one wagon for each piece of artillery. Do not lel the Kentucky train be deserted. If necessary take the inclosed letter* from the commanding general to General Halleck. Return yourself as soon as all necessary arrangements for the shipment of transportation, &c., are made. You need not wait to see everything off. Have everything for General Ruger's division shipped to Beaurfort, unless you have already started them to this point, in which case you need make no change in your orders; they can be easily sent back from Cape Fear. If you cannot procure citizen teamsters, arrangements can perhaps be made here to procure them, or they can be detailed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tiller's Bridge, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Logan is not year across Lynch's Creek, but the crossing at Kelly's is almost ready, where he has two divisions. After the brigades of infantry were thrown over the water rose so fast that it could not be bridged. It is now subsiding rapidly.

Captain Duncan met two brigades of rebel cavalry near Mount Elon Post-Office, had a severe skirmish, and returned without being able to strike the railroad. Hampton's headquarters are reported at Darlington; Hardee at Cheraw, where a captured letter says a fight is expected some time next week. What force Hardee has I am unable to determine.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -Blair is entirely across Lynch's Creek.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tiller's Bridge, S. C., February 28, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 51, I assumed command of all the available mounted forces at these headquarters, and marched south on the west side of Lynch's Creek, crossing the same at Dubose's Bridge, and proceeded in the direction of Simonsville, on the Florence and Charleston

---------------

*See p. 593.

---------------

