
Railroad, for the purpose of destroying the railroad bridges ner that place. Lieutenant John A. McQueen, commanding scouts, being in advance, struck the enemy's pickets, eight in number, two miles from Dubose's Bridge, charged and drove them within one mile and a half of Mount Elon, where I learned the enemy, 700 strong, was encamped; I also leanred that Butler's division of cavalry was encamped near Wide Swamp. My information was received from negroes and citizens. Colonel Aiken, in command of the Fifth [Sixth] South Carolina Cavalry, coming from the direction of Mount Elon, being advised by the citizens of the strength and direction of our party, followed us, coming up with us at dark at the cross-roads three miles south of Mount Elon, engaged us and was repulsed after a brisk engagement, which was mostly a hand to hand conflict on account of the darkness, we being unable to distinguish friend from foe. List of casualties: Lieutenant John A. McQueen, Company K, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, commanding scouts, shot through the abdomen; Henry Irish, private, Company K, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, shot through the abdomen; Henry Irish, private, Company K, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, shot through the abdomen; William G. Evans, private, Fourth Independent Company Ohio Cavalry, shot through the leg. Missing: Albert White, Fourth Independent Company Ohio Cavalry; Joseph Bedoll, scout; -Dawson, scout. The enemy's loss was much greater than ours; among the number Colonel Aiken and Lieutenant Smith were wounded. We captured 1 prisoner, a first sergeant, who stated that their force was 125 or 150 strong. We proceeded south, and deeming it unsafe to remain on the east side of Lynch's Creek, recrossed at Fields' Bridge and encamped at Bishopville, and returned to camp by the Lynch's Creek road. The conduct of the officers and men who accompanied me was unimpeachable.

WM. DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Company K, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Tiller's Bridge, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received a note from General Blair, written at 2. 15 p.m. to-day. He was at that time thirteen miles from Cheraw, and going into camp. He found the bridge over the Big Black all right. Prisoners captured by him report six batteries and some other troops at Cheraw-the Charleston garrison. He found the country very barren, and collected breadstuff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Tiller's Bridge, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report my position to be the same of yesterday. My pioneers have been at work throughout the day at the cross-

39 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

