
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Crossing of Catawha River, February 28, 1865.

The delay at this point renders necessary the utmost energy to retrieve lost time. Every means must be taken the prepare the command for rapid and forced marching. All carriages, buggies, forage wagons, ox teams, and other unauthorized vehicles, must be immediately destroyed. Any mules required by circular of February 19 to be turned over to Colonel Moore, commanding pontoniers, and not yet turned over, will be at once sent to him, even if it requires the abandonment of transportation, and if any additional mules can be sent to him from any command it will be highly appreciated by the corps commander. The mobility and the efficiency of the pontoon train is of vital importance to the movements of the army.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. Crossing Catawha River, S. C., February 28, 1865.

The advance will be resumed to-day as follows:

General Morgan will march immediately upon the road via Warrenton, thoroughly repairing it as he goes, for the passage of the trains of the corps, and will advance as far as he thinks he can bring up this trains to-night. His trains will be given the advance. The reserve artillery and ammunition trains will be reported to General Morgan and will move in rear of his division and under his orders.

General Baird will be at once relieved from duty on the roads near the river by General Carlin, and will move to a position in advance of the present camp of General Morgan. As soon as the fifth chains for this wagons can be obtained from the bridge he will push on with his trains in rear of General Morgan.

General Carlin, relieving General Baird with two of his brigades, will urge on the passage of the trains and troops, and will post a battery on the heights to cover the passage of his rear brigade and the raising of the pontoon bridge. He will receive further orders during the day.

The delay caused by the breaking of the bridge, and the consequent wide separation of the corps from the remainder of the army, makes it imperative upon all the push the advance now with the utmost energy and rapidity.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 18. Crossing Catawha River, S. C., February 28, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows:

General Morgan, marching at daybreak, will push forward as rapidly as possible on the road taken by the Twentieth Corps.

General Baird, marching at daylight, will follow General Morgan.

