
General Carolin will follow General Baird.

The reserve artillery and ammunition trains will move with and report to General Morgan until further orders.

Corps headquarters trains will move in the rear of General Baird. Each division commander will take charge of his own supply train, and until further ordes, starting at daylight each morning, will make the greatest distance possible each day (without changing the order of march), reporting position to the corps commander every evening.

From all information obtained the corps commander believes that no considerable force threatens our flanks. Each division commander will, therefore, at once drive off any bands that may harass his march and push forward without delay.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I know the general commanding is uneasy about the roads. I have reached the point where the corduroying of the Twentieth Corps commenced. I see no difficulty whatever in passing the trains of the corps over the road up to this place. I consider it a perfect God's country compared with the infernal hills about the Catawha River. Every effort will be made to push forward as far as possible to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Horton's Store, S. C., February 28, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Miller's Bridge, over Lynch's Creek, in the following order: First Division, Third Division, Second Division. General Jackson will start at 6. 30 a.m. General Ward will leave his present camp early enough to close to the rear of the train of the First Division. The troops of the First Division will march unencumbered in the advance. General Ward will distribute his troops so as to cover the trains of the First and Third Divisions. General Jackson will use his troops to repair all the bad places in the road, but the troops of the other divisions must be kept with the trains and in readiness to make any necessary repairs to the road. General Geary will march one brigade as a rear guard. One section of artillery will march with the rear guard, the balance of the artillery in the same order as in the march of to-day. The artillery ammunition train will march in rear of the train of the First Division.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

