
of you. The break in the telegraph isolates us. Any important news might be sent by special boat from Fort Pulaski. All very quiet here.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that another regiment be sent to Georgetown without delay, so that that place shall be occupied by from 600 to 800 men, with instructions to inrenched themselves. The major-general commanding also directs that Colonel Hallowell's brigade, as organized in the return of the Coast Division of February 4, be sent at once to Savannah, to report to Bvt. Major General C. Grover. If the above changes render it necessary, you are authorized to withdraw General Potter's brigad efrom the front, but no time must be lost in making said changes. The major-general commanding further directs that a dispatche boat be sent to Georgetown to be used in carrying information or dispatches in case of necessity. It is important that any news from General Sherman's army requiring action on the part of the major-general commanding should be sent to him without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 8. Charleston, S. C., February 28, 1865.

I. All loyal citizens of the United States residing in Charleston or its vicinity are invited to call at the office of the post provost-marshal and register their names, take the oath of allegiance to the Government, and receive certificates of having done so.

II. Post or brigade commanders will grant no passes or other favors to persons (owing allegiance to the United States) who have not, by taking the oath, shown their loyalty to the Government.

III. No guards will be placed over the houses of citizens for the protection of private property. Any person fearing molestation will best secure their property by placing in some conspicuous position on the premises the falg of the United States. Persons detected in depredating on houses so protected will be punished with additional severity.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Commanding Division:

Please send the detachment of the Twenty-first now with you to this city to report to Colonel Woodford as soon as Colonel Van Wyck has

