HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, February 28, 1865.

Colonel C. H. VAN WYCK,

Commanding Brigade, Goose Creek:

Leave three companies of your command as a guard at Goose Creek. If the troops now there as a guard belong to the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troop, order them to report to Colonel Woodford, in Charleston. If they are part of a regiment with General Potter, order them to report to him at Monk's Corner.

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Colonel E. N. HALLOWELL,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: You will send early this morning four companies of the best disciplined troops in your command under command of a discreet officer on the road toward Goose Creek to a point known as Thirteen-Mile Hill. It is represented that the blacks there are committing murders. The officer in command will be directed to induce the lately freed people to come into the city. He is authorized to seize any transportation he may find toconvey the young, and those unable to travel, and the necessary baggage. He will enforce the strictest discipline in his own command, allowing no straggling or marauding. If necessary to prevent the later he will make immediate example of such men as are found violating these orders, even to the extreme penalty of death. A strict guard must be kept over camp the night the command is absent. One days' rations will be taken and the command will return the following day.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, SHERMAN'S ARMY,Blair's Landing, S. C., February 28, 1865.

Captain BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I sent a reconnoitering party some thirty miles up the road from Pocotaligo Station (Sherman's road), which was unable to hear of any force whatever on the 26th. On the 27th Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, commanding at Pocotaligo Station, reports:

I have information from contrabands of a force of rebels aid to number some 300 to 500, composed of infantry and cavalry, commanded by Colonel Roberts (of Colonel Colcock's command of cavalry) and Captain Mickler, with a squad of infantry. They are near Beech Branch (twenty-five miles north west from Coosawhatchie Station) and are scouting the country in that direction.

The sergeant in command of twenty-three men at Garden's Corners reports the station attacked with musketry for three hours night beofre last. No loss. I have sent a company there to remain and reconnoiter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRICE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

