
duty it shall be to visit the settlements, to regulate their police and general management, and who will furnish personally to each head of a family, subject to the approval of the President of the United States, a possessory title in writing, giving as near as possible the description of boundaries, and who shall adjust all claims or conflicts that may arise under the same, subject to the like approval, treating such titles altogether as possessory. The same general officer will also be charged with the enlistment and organization of the negro recruits and protecting their interests while absent from their settlements, and will be governed by the rules and regulations prescribed by the War Department for such purpose.

VI. Brigadier General R. Saxton is hereby appointed inspector of settlements and plantations and will at once enter on the performance of his duties. No change is intended or desired in the settlement now on Beaufort Island, nor will any rights to property heretofore acquired be affected thereby.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, Ga., January 16, 165.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing, Beaufort:

GENERAL: I have your reports of Saturday and yesterday, and am glad you got the position of Pocotaligo so cheaply. It is of great value to us in the future, and I wish you to have it thoroughly strengthened, and all water channels to its south and east reconnoitered. Don't seem to feel up the peninsula, but rather toward the Salkehatchie. Go on and accumulate supplies and stores, and get ready as soon as possible to sally forth with your whole wing supplied as well as possible.

I have ordered Slocum to push one division to Hardeeville and Purysburg, and to open up communication with you. I will try and get Davis started by Wednesday, but cannot hear of the troops from Baltimore to relieve Geavy here. I will not move from Pocotaligo till we get a good supply in our wagons, as that is the great point.

Truly, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy by General Howard to General Blair.)

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 14.Beaufort, S. C., January 16, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. Leave of absence for thirty days under provisions of Section II, act published in General Orders, Numbers 216, War Department, series 1864, is hereby granted Bvt. Brigadier General Green B. Raum, Second Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with permission to proceed North.

* * * * * * *

