
will be forward thither. Division commanders are authorized to grant passes to cross our lines or to got to Wilmington. In the event of my military movement, Bvt. Major General A. Ames will assume command of the troops at the front until the arrival of the major-general commanding. The corps officer of the day will be furnished this day from General Ames' command, to-morrow and the day following from General Paine's command, and again in the same succession until further orders, the detail being made from officers above the rank of major, not including brigade commanders. The old an new officers of the day will meet daily at 3 p.m. at headquarters Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, for the purpose of exchanging instructions, and will communicate immediately to division commanders allmatters of importance occurring during their tour of duty. They will forward, through their division commanders, a written report to these headquarters. Until further orders the Sixteenth New York Light Battery will report to Bvt. Major General A. Ames, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery, to Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 59. New Berne, N. C., February 28, 1865.

* * *

VI. The Ninth New Jersey Volunteers will proceed at once to New Berne, the commanding officer reporting on arrival at these headquarters. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

VII. The section of the Third New York Artillery now serving in the Sub-Districtof Beufort will proeed at once to join their regiment at New Berne. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

VIII. The Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers will proceed at once to New Berne, the commanding officer reporting on arrival to Brigadier General S. P. Carter, U. S. Volunteers. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

IX. The headquarters of the First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers (this includes the old Second North Carolina Volunteers also) will be located at Morehead City, where all of that regiment, including the company ordered up from Hatteras, will at once be concentrated and encamped, except one company, which will be stationed at Beaufort and which will constitute the only garrison of that place. Allother troops now at Beaufort will at once be transferred to Morehead City.

X. The commanding officer Second Massachusetts Artillery will send one company of his regiment to garrison Fort Macon. The commanding officer of that company will receive from the officer he releives all the ordnance and ordnance stores and other public property pertaining to that post. The present commanding officer is directed to turn over the same, as of such condition as the receiving officer may see fit to determine.

* * *

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

