
side of trains. Third, trains in rear of battery, in following order: First, ten wagons ordnance; second, ambulances; third, train of advance brigade; fourth, pioneer train; fifth, refugee train; sixth, ordnance train; seventh, supply train; eighth, trainsof the two rear brigades, in the order of their respective commands. Fourth, First Brigade Infantry, two regiments moving in rear of trains and two by the side of same. The entire column, tains especially, will keep well closed up under all circumstances, and when from unavoidable accident or obstacle the troop or trains are retarded, and intervals thereby created, the commanding officer or officer in charge of same will report the fact to the head of the column at once, in order that the evil may be remedied. Wagons of these headquarters will be permitted to enter the column at any point in rear of battery, but not to separate any sub-division of the train. This order will be fial so far as to movements of the trains are concentrated, and followed until further orders.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Black Creek, March 1, 1865.

Colonel F. J. HURLBUT,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will hold your command in readiness to move over Black Ceek by 7. 30 a.m. to-morrow, the 2nd instant. When you shall have crossed you will commence on the opposite bank and corduroy every place where there is a doubt exists as regards the trains beig able to pass without stalling.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 1, 1865.

Major-General BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Twentieth Corps will be to-morrow night at or near Chesterfield. I want the Right Wing to move straight on Cheraw vigorously and secure if possible the bridge across Pedee. You need not suppose the enemy to be there in heavy force. Big generals may be there but not a large force. At all events get across Thompson's on to-morrow and in Cheraw if possible. I will have men across the same stream about Chesterfield. Communicate with me there to-morrow night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thirteenth Miles from Cheraw, S. C., March 1, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: All prisoners confirm the staement that the garrisons of Charleston and Wilmington are at Cheraw, with Joe Johnston in com-

