
point, making a march of full twenty miles; my train will be somewhat late getting into park, owing to a breakdown of one of the wagons of the reserve artillery. Roads heavy. The rear of the Twentieth Corps left this place at 12 m. to-day, and are reported in camp to-night eleven miles in my front. General Sherman's headquarters were here yesterday. He left this morning. General Kilpatrick's headquarters were at the Gold Mines last night. I will push on early in the morning, taking the road as directed in your dispatch of this p.m. No forage for animals, and the same may be said for the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Lynch's Creek, S. C., March 1, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Chesterfield in the same order as in the march of to-day. The First and Third Divisions will each start at 6. 30 a.m. General Geary will start in season to close up to the rear of the Third Division train. General Jackson will march two brigades in advance, leaving one with his trains. General Geary will detail one brigade as rear guard. One section of artillery will march with the rear guard. The balance of the artillery will leave their present camp in time to take their positions in the column, which will be the same as to-day. The artillery ammunition train will march in rear of the First Division train.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND, Numbers 29. In the Field, S. C., March 1, 1865.

I. The command will move to Blakeny's Cross-Roads, six miles from and east of Robinson's Ford, to-morrow.

II. Colonel Spencer, with Third Brigade and dismounted men, Lieutenant-Colonel Way commanding, will move direct from his camp to the point indicated at 7 o'clock, obstructing ford. After crossing Lynch's Creek he will encamp north of and east of Blakeny's.

III. Colonel Jordan, with First Brigade, will move at 6 a.m. via Robinson's Ford to Blakeny's.

IV. General Atkins, with Second Brigade, will move at 6 a.m., following Colonel Jordan, and obstructing Robinson's Ford after crossing.

V. Brigade commanders will see that the command moves steadily forward without halting, in order that they may have no delay.

By command of Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, March 1, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I captured this place on the 22nd. Hoke, with about 6,000 men, went north; Hardee was on the way from Charleston, but turned toward Fayetteville on learning of the fall of Wilmington. I have been unable

