
to move yet, for want of transportation, but hope to start for Goldsborough by the 5th or 6th of this month. The force at New Berne has not been as prompt as expected, but I have sent Cox there with another division and ordered him to push out at once. I think we can get Goldsborough by the 15th of March, and have the railroad completed at least as far as Kinston. It will take some time longer to open the road from this place. We have not even rolling-stock to commence work with. If you come to Fayetteville I can send you a moderate supply of commissary stores in boats. I hope to hear from you directly in a few days.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 1, 1865.

(Received 9. 30 p.m. 5th.)

WILLIAM H. WHITON,

U. S. Military Railroads:

Order every car belonging to U. S. military railroads now on foregin roads returned to Alexandria immediately. Direct that the Potomac railroad be operated separately from Baltimore and Ohio, reshipping freight at Harper's Ferry. Send at the earliest possible moment narrow-gauge stock as follows: Two engines, 15 flat and 15 box cars to Wilmington, N. C., and of the same gauge 2 engines, 25 flat and 25 box cars to Mrehead City, N. C., or, if possible to secure vessels of proper draft, to New Berne, to which placethere is eight and a half feet of water over the bar. Do not fail to have these shipments made at once; the case is desperate. Make requisitions upon Quastermaster-General for fifty box-cars (narrow-gauge), and have Colonel Robinson see that they are manufactured as early as possible. On receipt of this telegraph me at Fifth Avenue Hotel.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent U. S. Military Railroads.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPOT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 18. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Wilmington, N. C., March 1, 1865.

* * *

IV. Brigadier-General Hawley is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Wilmington, which will embrace all the territory under military control in rear of the army operating from Cape Fear Rivers as a base. General Hawley will be responsible for the protection of the depot at Wilmington, Cape Fear Harbor, and the line of railroad in rear of the army. He will also perform the duties of provost-marshal-general for the district under his command.

V. The brigade of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps now commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. Abbott is assigned to Brigadier-General Hawley's command, and will at once relieve all other troops now doing garrison and fatigue duty at Wilmington. The troops at Smithville, Fort Fisher, and Fort Caswell will be relieved as soon as practicable. The troops relieved will join their proper commands without delay.

* * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

