HEADQUARTERS,New Berne, March 1, 1865.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN,

132nd New York Volunteer, Batchelder's Creek, N. C.:

COLONEL: The commanding general telegraphed to you this p.m. to come down here in the morning, but now he wishes you to at once move yourcommand to the front and occupy the crossing of the railroad at Core Creek, leaving behind in your present camp only sufficient guard to take care of it. Of course this will not be interprted to interfere with your present line of outposts, Red House, Beech Grove, &amp;c., only so much as may be necessary to perfect your communications from your own new position and headquarters. You may expect to take the field in a few days with your command and some other troops, giving you a brigade; so be prepared. Send me at once a list of the number of arms (muskets) you want to complete the armament of the Western men lately attached to you, when the ordnance officer will be directed to issue you good ones. The old ones can then be turned in as surplus. Get everything well in hand, looking to equipage and ammunition particularly. These are the general's directions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,New Berne, March 1, 1865-11. 45 p.m.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN,

Commanding Outposts, Batchelder's Creek:

COLONEL: Your dispatch received. The general does not wish to designate any particular hour for your move to Core Creek crossing. He simply wishes it done to-morrow as promptly as is consistent with the general interests of the service. As you are on the ground, it would seem that you were the best judge of the time to move so as to arriveat the crossing in time to get into camp and post you pickets, &c. You are expected to take the grater part of your command with you. You will, of course, leave behind a sufficient number of men for the proper reliefs, although this move will of course make a different arrangement of the picket-line, and require probably less men to your right and left, in rear. This, however, is left to your best judgment.

Respectfully,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 1, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I had the honor of recommending in my letter of the 17th of February that the regiments and batteries now serving in this department, numbering between 20,000 and 21,000 men within the command, should be constituted into an army corps. In consequence of the reduction of my force to take place immediately, in compliance with Lieutenant-General Grant's instructions, communicated in your letter of February 19, I would suggest that no action be taken at the present time upon my application. When I shall have replaced the troops sent

