
present we had better make the depot of supplies here, at least till the roads are badly cut up. If the wagons would not run always in the same ruts, but take different tracks in the road, they would not be so quickly cut up. Please have your brigade commanders order the wagon masters accordingly.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 17. Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The following officers assigned, by brevet rank, to duty by the President, will report for duty to Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps: Bvt. Major General Absalom Baird, U. S. Volunteers; Bvt. Brigadier General Georgia P. Buell, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers; Bvt. Brigadier General H. C. Hobart, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Twenty-first Wisconsin Volunteers; Bvt. Brigadier General B. D. Fearing, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865.

Commanders of divisions and the Chief of Artillery of the corps will order an inspection of the wagon trains of their commands with the view of excluding from the wagons all unauthorized baggage. They will see that the trains of the headquarters of their commands are not in excess of allowance made by existing orders.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865. (Received 1. 40 p.m.)

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The Major-general commanding directs that you move your division across the river to-morrow morning and occupy the ground now held by the Third Division. You will call in all details for fatigue duty except those at work corduroying the road across the islands and the regiments with General Easton. Your men should start with three days' rations and what forage you can get. The wagons at work on the road must continue on that duty till it is completed. In crossing the river by your troops and trains the work on the road should be hindered as Little as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

