
my post, I would respectfully suggest that the district quartermaster or some other discreet officer be charge with its collection, custody, and transfer to the proper agent of the Treasury.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel 127th New York Vols. and Post Commander.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 1, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that he has directed Brigadier General John P. Hatch, commanding Northern District, Department of the South, to send you without delay Colonel Hallowell's brigade, to replace two brigades of your command ordered north.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 1, 1865-4 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

I respectfully decline General Sandford's offier to furnish a regiment for garrisoning Charleston. We want no three-months' men, nor again do we want any troops except for such service as they may be called on to perform.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865

(Received 4. 40 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following items are taken from to-day's Richmond papers:

Fayetteville, March 1. -No Yankees have advanced in this direction from Wilmington. Other intelligence which could be communicated is contraband, but of an encouraging character. The Confederate steamer Chickamauga was destroyed by the crew to prevent her from falling into the hands of the enemy, at Gray's Point, in Cape Fear River, Saturday. She is a total wreck. We omit the first part of the telegram relative to Sherman's movements, in deference to a request sent to the various journals in Richmond about ten days since.

* * *

The fall of Wilmington. -We learn from Northern papers that the enemy occupied Wilmington on the morning of the 22nd ultimo. As the last train left, our Whitworth battery, planted at the head of Front and Market streets, was firing upon the enemy who had appeared upon the causeqy on the western side of the Cape Fear River. Their main advance was then checked at Alligator Creek. Some few skirmishers pushed forward, but were driven off. Our troops retreated across the Northeast Branch of the Cape Fear River at what is known as Big Bridge Ferry, or McRee's Ferry. It is said that our forces attempted to burn the railroad bridge at Northeast, nine miles from Wilmington, bu were only partially successful. Later accounts say that our forces had checked the forward movement of the enemy

