
there. If so, it is probable that Schofield will next day the Fayetteville route, or attempt to effect a junction with Sherman. Since Sherman has already been reported as moving toward Cheraw, there is no impropriety in indicating an opinion that this may be a movement by the flank to cross the Catawba River below the railroad, and thence move on Charlotte along the eastern bank; or, it may mean a change of front with the intention to reach Fayetteville and be in co-operation with Schofield.

The enemy reported at Sautnon. -We stated on yesterday that the enemy in heavy force, believed to be mostly cavalry, were advancing up the Valley toward Stauton. As yet we have no official information on the subject of their advance.

From the South. -We hear nothing from Sherman, Schofield, or Schimmelfenning. It is believed that botomless and impassable mud surronds them all. The roads are still too bad for serious movements of troops. It is stated that our forces under General Bragg have succeeded in checking the forward movement from Wilmington, advanced no farther than Northeast River, ten or fifteen miles from the city. It is thought that Schofield will try to effect a junction with Sherman, via Fayetteville which patriotic speeches were delivered and appropriate resolutions passed. It is reported that General Hood will be assigned to an important command in Texas. Colonel Hatch, the Confederate agent of exchange, had communication with the Yankee authorities at Wilmington on Friday last, and we are glad to learn an agreement was made for delivery of all the Yankees prisoners in our hands in this State was made for delivery of all the Yankee prisoners in our hands in this State at that point at the earliest practicable moment. Some 3,000 or 4,000 wee paroled in Goldsborough on Saturday, and were to be sent yesterday morning to the enemy's lines. Seven hundred or 800 passed this place from Salisbury on Sunday morning for the same point, and we learn that all that are here are to be sent through as soon as transportation can be furnished. Several hundred were sent off yesterday.

* * *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Black Creek, March 2, 1865-3. 30 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of March 1 just received. I did not get it in season to order General Blair forward to-day. I had ordered General Blair to wait until the Fifteenth Corps was in supporting distance, and hopin that you would get on the road leading from Cheraw northward.

The division of cavalry (Butler's) in Darlington was withdrawn to Cheraw two days ago. The brigade commander, Brigadier-General (or Colonel) Aiken was killed in Duncam's night skirmish near Mount Elon, and also a colonel is reported killed. From the tenor of your dispatch I thought you supposed me purposely delaying. I have not done so.

After Hazen had bridges the Lynch his bridge swayed over and fell as soon as the first wagon commenced crossing, and after he had gotten ready again to cross, the old bridge was carried a few feet down-stream and had to be supported. Working hard all the time Generals Corse and Woods only succeeded in effecting a crossing yesterday evening.

The water was three and four feet deep over the roadway, and about a mile of road was covered. After the first few wagons passed any point the bottom gave out and black mud appeared. Everybody worked day and night, and often in the water waits deep. You may ask why I did not go up higher. Because the Little Lynch became almost equally difficult, and I was obliged to get supplies. We have secured them in the vicinity of Kellytownin some quantity. General Corse is now repairing the road across the Big Black, with part of his force

