
on the other side. He will encamp to-night where the New Marketraod comes in; General Woods between New Market and that point; General Hazen, and probably General Smith, at Kellytown. Everything will push on to Cheraw to-morrow. As soon as possible I will break the rialroad with mounted infantry. The enemy has not destroyed the bridges across these creeks, but the approaches are awful. I have positive information that Wilmington is in our hands, and that a brigade under Hagood was captured entire near Town Creek, only about twenty-five men escaping. Deserters from that brigade are now at my headquarters. I have forwarded the dispatch you desired to Charleston, and think it will get through safe. From information received I did not think it best to attempt the Florence road again. Could I have gotten my command over Lynch's Creek promptly nothing would have suited me better than to have gone for Hardee with all my might. My headquarters to-morrow night will be as near Cheraw as I can get.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,New Market, March 2, 1865-9 a.m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: We have just reached New Market. General Logan's advance has not yet arrived, nor can I hear of it. I have sent one company of Seventh Illinois back on the road toward Tiller's Bridge to meet the advance of the Fifteenth Corps, with orders to come forward rapidly and report to me as soon as it strikes the infantry. It is fifteen miles to Tiller's Bridge, twenty miles to Society Hill, and five to Kellytown. The crossing at Big Black Creek is quite bad, at least 150 yards of deep water on south side, not enough, however, to carry a horse off his feet, and the bottom appears to be hard. I think the trains can be gotten over without much difficulty. The approach to the bridge on the north side is excellent, ground high and firm. The road from Kellytown to this place is very fair; several small spots will have to be corduroyed. Kelly's Mill is in good repair. Two run of stone. No other mills within six miles of New Market. A small scouting party that I sent out before we reached New Market has just returned. Saw some foragers from First and Fourth Divisions three miles back on the road. Foragers said their advance left the Lynch this morning. I will let you know just as soon as can learn the whereabouts of Woods' division.

One mile and a half from Kelly's Mill the road forks; take the right-hand road. Have seen no enemy this morning. The rebel cavalry left this place Monday night.

Very respectfully,

WM. E. STRONG,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,New Market, S. C., March 2, 1865-10. 30 a.m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: Have just heard from General Woods' division. It is back about five miles coming up. Will by here by 12 m. General

