HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs that you move your command to-day if it is in readiness, if not, at an early hour to-morrow morning, and occupy Hardeeville and Purysburg. Take with you all of your loaded wagons, leaving the empty ones to follow as soon as stores can be obtained to fill them. A guard of at least two regiments should be left the trains left behind. Your commissary ought also to remain to forward the supplies. You will want with you two days' forage, which, with what you can get from the country, should be made to last four days. General Howard's troops are marching down the railroad and will make connection with you. You should take with you three days' rations. Lieutenant-Colonel Asmussen will accompany you. Application has been made to have your regiment now with General Easton relieved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Hilton Head, January 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Telegram received. Will hurry up the steamers. Did not go to Morris Island with the Secretary. General Howard telegraphed last night that General Blair's corps was on the railroad, and thus cut off Fort Pocotaligo from re-enforcements from toward Charleston. I immediately sent orders to General Hatch to advance and attack from his side, and in every way co-operate with General Howard, with whom he is in communication. I will send a boat for your mail to-night.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 16, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a statement* of Steinborn Fritz, a deserter from the rebel iron-clad Palmetto State in Charleston Harbor. The latest information received from General Hatch states on the authority of deserters that three of the iron clads in Charleston Harbor have disappeared, and one supposed to have been sunk in the Cooper River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

5 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II.

