
M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, to be shot to death in retaliation for the murder of Private R. M. Woodruff, Company H, Thirtieth Illinois Volunteers, a regularly detailed forager, who was beaten to death by the enemy near Blakeny's Bridge on or about the 1st of March, 1865.

* * *

IV. The movement on Cheraw will be continued to-morrow.

The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will have the advance, and will move forward at 6 a.m. The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the First Division, being prepared to move at 7 o'clock. The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will follow the Third Division, being prepared to move at 8 o'clock. The First Regiment Michigan Engineers, Colonel J. B. Yates commanding, will follow the troops of the First Division with tool wagons and ambulances. Their train will follow the train of the First Division. The pontoon train will follow the train of the Third Division. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move forward at 5. 30 a.m. The troops will move forward on the right of the train. The train of these headquarters will move with the train of the headquarters First Division.

* * *

VIII. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward at 7 a.m. to-morrow, instead of 6 o'clock, as previously ordered.

* * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,McManus' Bridge, S. C., March 2, 1865-11. 15 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel McCLURG,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I am massing up my division for a dinner halt. The bridge all right. A very bad bottom opposite to be corduroyed. The material will have to be taken from this side of the bridge. The work will be commenced immediately. The roads to-day very heavy. Long hard hills to pull up, but on the whole the roads were better than yesterday. My command has made a first-rate march of twelve miles to-day. Will cross the bridge with my command as soon as the road is completed and await further orders. Plenty of forage for the animals, and the men have received plenty of meat, but breadstuff scarce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Horton's, March 2, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has no doubt you have made a good march to-day, but would have pre-

