
are sandy and good; enemy leaves us good bridges, and thus far we find not even pickets. General Blair found some cavalry on his road, who gave ground easily.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND, FIELD ORDERS,In the Field, S. C., Numbers 30. March 2, 1865.

The command will move upon three roads and march at 8 a. m.

I. Brevet Brigadier-General Atkins, with his brigade, will move direct from his present camp on Wadesborough road to a point four miles distant from his camp, where he will take a right-hand road to Hornsborough, via Edgeworth, and wait further orders.

II. Colonel Jordan, with his brigade and division train, will move to Hornsborough, via Edgeworth, and wait further orders.

III. Colonel Spencer, with his command and the dismounted men, Lieutenant-Colonel Way, will move to Hornsborough, seeking some road along or above the North Carolina line.

IV. The major-general commanding will move with the center column. By command of Major-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

Owing to the scarcity of sea-going transportation and the great necessity for it to keep out armies supplied, it is absolutely necessary that it be not detained one hour longer than is required for unloading it. You will please instruct quartermasters and other officers of your command controlling it to this end, and will see that the instructions are strictly complied with. If you have any troops yet to move by water, move them at once, and send back the transportation without delay.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Operator at Fort Monroe will please put up and hand to Captain James, assistant quartermaster, to be forwarded by first boat.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 12. Wilmington, N. C., March 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant Jasper Myers, ordnance department, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with orders from the War Department, is announced as a member of the department staff and chief of ordnance, Department of North Carolina.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

