
enemy's strength and movements and keep me advised. I am making my arrangements to start from this place by the 6th instant with the two divisions of the Twenty-third Corps, at least, and by a rapid march join you near Kinston, or wherever you may be, making the march in five or six days. Meanwhile I hope to hear from Sherman, and also of your progress and what you find in your front.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 1. In the Field, N. C., March 2, 1865.

I. The commanding officer of the Second Massachusetts Artillery, as soon as his companies in New Berne are relieved, will at once concentratite them in camp on the plain in the rear of Fort Totten, providing them with shelter-tents and all other equipage necessary to enable them to at once take the field. The commanding officer Twenty-third New York Independent Battery will take charge of and garrison with his company Forts Dutton and Rowan. The commanding officer Fifth Rhode Island Artillery will with his regiment garrison all the forts about New Berne, both on the north side of the Neuse between the Neuse and Trent Rivers and on the south side of the Trent, with the exception of Forts Dutton and Rowan. He will see that at least one officer is at each fort. It is not expected that the garrisons will be sufficiently large to work the guns. The duty will consist mainly in taking charge of and preserving the present good condition of the works. The present commanding officers will turn over to the officers relieving them all ordnance and ordnance stores and other public property pertaining to the forts. The officers designated are directed to received the same as of such condition as they may see fit. These changes must be made to-day.

* * * * *

VIII. Colonel Charles H. Stewart, Third New York Artillery, will for the present take command of all the troops and defenses about New Berne. This will not at all interfere with the organization of this division as announced in General Orders, Numbers 1, current series, from these headquarters.

* * * * *

XI. In accordance with orders from Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, the companies of the Thirteenth New York Artillery now at Coinjock Station, will, upon being relieved, proceed at once to Norfolk. The commanding officer on arrival will report for orders to Brigadier-General Gordon, commanding District of Eastern Virginia. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

XIV. The Third Brigade and that portion of the Second Brigade under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss will be readyto march early to-morrow morning. A guide has been designated to conduct the column to the camp.

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

