HDQRS. DETACH. SIXTEENTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Fort Fisher, N. C., March 2, 1865.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with verbal instructions received from you on the 28th, I have the honor to report as follows: The garrison at Smithville and Fort Caswell is composed of the Third New York Infantry, 152, and the One hundred and forty second New York Infantry, 473, a total of 625 in the two regiments. They are divided as follows: Two hundred and five men at Caswell, and 420 at Smithville, Colonel Barney, One hundred and forty-second, in command. The force at Fort Fisher was composed of three companies First Connecticut Heavy Artillery 354 men, and one company of Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, 137 men, a total of 491. The First Connecticut are now embarking leaving me here one company of Second Pennsylvania, as above, 137 men, and the detachment under my command, 226 men, a total of 363 men. The balance of my detachment is now with Abbott's brigade (Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Corps), near Wilmington. They number 365 men, so that when they are sent here there will be-Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, 591; Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, 137. Total, 728 men.

I have some men on detached service in the Department of North Carolina, which I shall apply for, so that I shall soon have enough to make it 800 men, and others are daily returning from hospital. Will you be kind enough to order the balance of the detachment now with the Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Corps, to report to me here, so that I can get the men all together of the different companies (six), and then I can make such disposition of the force as you may indicate. I should think the force at Caswell was altogether too large, and should say that a force of 100 there would be ample, dividing balance between here and Smithville. Please indicate at what point my headquarters should be. Smithville is midway between the two forts (Fisher and Caswell) and I would prefer that location, if consistent with the interests of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. W. PRINCE,

Major, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 2, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th of February directing white troops to be sent from this department to Cape Fear River as soon as Charleston should come into our possession, and to inform you that, in compliance therewith, two brigades from Brevet Major-General Grover's command, organized into a division, under a general officer, will embark with all possible dispatch. The aggregate strength of these two brigades is about 3,200 men present for duty. For want of suitable transports I am under the necessity of sending these troops in large steamers that happen to be free at this moment. As they draw too much water to enter Cape Fear River, a light-draft steamer will accompany them as tender to take off the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

42 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

