
Railroad Company, among a number of other articles. A crowd of negroes and citizens of the lower class had assembled for the purpose of pillage. While there a boy in sport fired a small quantity of loose powder, which, communicating with that in the boxes, ignited the whole, causing a terrible explosion, with considerable loss of life. The immense depot building was blown to atoms, and the fire spread rapidly to the adjoining houses. It burned with graet rapidity, and extended as far up on King street as the Soldiers' Home. About the same time a fire broke out in another portion of the city, caused by the burning of the Savannah bridge. This fire was also very destructive, and the two combined extended from river to river. Numerous other fires also occurred in different parts of the city, said to have been the work of the citizens themselves. All this occurred before the occupation of the city by the Yankees. Our forces under General Hardee have gone in the right direction. It is not permissible to state where they are, but they will be found where they are most needed.

From North Carolina. -The Raleigh Conservative alludes to Sherman's operations, and indulges the hope that if our plans are not thwarted our able generals and brave troops in that quarter will be able to "bag" him or send him howling to the rear. If the report brought us by telegraph that the small force left by him at Columbia has been expelled be true, then the repulse in front, should he suffer such, would probably render his affairs desperate in the extreme, but we will not speculate further in regard to matters which must cease to be matters of mere speculations soon.

From the Raleigh Progress of the 28th. -The Yankee prisoners have all been sent from the camps near this place to Northeast bridge for the purpose of being exchanged. Many others from Greensborough and Salisbury have passed through here to the same destination. All Federal prisoners in North Carolina are to be exchanged, we learn, at Northeast bridge, a few miles from Wilmington. We presume the exchange will be completed in a few days.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 3, 1865-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Although I am not positively advised of the fact, I think Sherman and Schofield are in communication, and both, therefore, perfectly secure.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 3, 1865-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

General Carroll was ordered with General Hancock on Sunday last. General Crocker was ordered East some time ago, but probably has not been able to make the journey in the winter. Vessels sent from here to Cape Fear River are sent back to discharge at Beaufort. If a change has been made in this respect notice should be given to the Quartermaster's Department, in order to save time and expense.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., March 3, 1865-4 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I have not heard from General Schofield since General Comstock returned from him. It is likely he has concluded to open the road from

