
sister of Mrs. General Gorgas, of the rebel Ordnance Department. In her conversation with me she said she supposed her husband would have to "submit or get killed," and I answered her that such was the case, but I hardly thought so soon to be a prophet. I will send your letter to Slocum, with instructions to read it and push one or two divisions down toward Cheraw as fast as possible, leaving his wagons near the Sneedsborough road. I will stay here to-night and to-morrow come down, in hopes to go into Cheraw. I don't believe Hardee will fight on this side the river, and it is now too late for him to slip out by way of Wadesborough. Your rear divisions will have plenty of time to close up whilst you are getting your crossing secured and bridged. I take it all the bridges across Thompson's Creek are gone, unless it be the railroad bridge, which may have been spared for the sake of the wounded that must still be there. I also feel confident that Wilmington is in our possession, and that none of its garrison is at Cheraw.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chesterfield, March 3, 1865-5. 45 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch from Cheraw to the general-in-chief is received. He has written you twice to-day, viz, once direct and once to Major-General Blair, and he desires me to say those letters contain his views and wishes as regards immediate operations, i. e., for you to concentrate your command at Cheraw and make a crossing of and lodgment beyond the Pedee with all possible dispatch, as it is all important we at once hold its left bank. If you think you will have time the general would like to have you send any kind of a force from the rear portion of your command-probably mounted would be the best-down to Florence, with directions to destroy anything of public property there. We will come into Cheraw to-morrow morning. It is not probable there is anything of an enemy at Florence.

I am, general, with great respect, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cheraw, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that if General J. E. Smith's division has not yet left the vicinity of New Market it be instructed to remain there for a day or two to collect provisions and use the mills at that point. He does not mean to limit him to the immediate vicinity of New Market, but that he can have two days to reach this point so that he may supply himself, and, if not too far on the direct road, he may march via Society Hill. He wishes you also to organize as large a body of mounted men [as possible] from among the foragers, and such other mounted men as can be spared by you, for an expedition to Florence. It will destroy all trestle-work and bridges

