
en route to that point, break the railroad near there, burn the bridge and all public property. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be ordered to report to you and will form a part of the expedition which will rendezvous at the cross-roads seven miles from Cheraw, at 9 a. m. to-morrow, and start from that point. The mounted force organized by you will be placed in charge of a competent officer to be selected by you. It will bring back such provisions, particularly of breadstuffs, as can be carried on a horse. Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, will bridge the Pedee near this point. You will send forward the section of the pontoon with your corps as soon as possible to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thompson's Bridge, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you for the information of the general commanding that I have encamped the First and Fourth Divisions of my corps on Thompson's Creek, near the bridge, with the Second Division in camp on this side of and the Third Division on the other side of Juniper Creek. My headquarters are with the First and Fourth Divisions.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In temporary absence of the major-general.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cheraw, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major General A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that, in the absence of further orders, you move through Cheraw to-morrow and encamp on the north side of the town, moving out on the plan road. Our headquarters are at the house of Doctor Wilson, in the upper part of town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thompson's Creek, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that on the night of the 1st instant, having built a substantial bridge over Lynch's Creek, I began crossing my command, and at 9 the morning of the 2nd I started from the east side of the creek, marching as far as New Market. I here succeeded in crossing but one brigade over Big Black Creek, when it was found

