
necessary to lay the pontoons, so that my division was not all over until nearly daylight this morning. Moving right out from camp again, at 6 a. m. to-day, I continued my advance, moving by the Camden and Cheraw road to my present camp on the south side of Thompson's Creek, making twenty-five miles to-day. My troops are encamped on a high ridge of land, about one mile from the creek, facing eastward. My headquarters are near the main road, one mile back from the stream.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Juniper Creek, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command crossed Black Creek at 6. 30 a. m. to-day on the pontoon bridge and moved forward to and crossed Juniper Creek, where camped, having marched eighteen miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thompson's Bridge, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General Howard told him that he had ordered the mills at Kellytown to be run for the benefit of the Third Division, as that command was almost out of subsistence and that General Oliver was working them for that purpose. In view of these circumstances he requests, should it not have been done already, that meal obtained at the Kellytown mills be turned over to General Smith's commissary for use in his division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Juniper Creek, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major H. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at Kelly's farm at 6 o'clock this a. m., and marched on Kelly's Bridge road to near Big Black Creek, thence on neighborhood road to main Camden and Cheraw road; crossed Big Black Creek at

-----

bridge and marched to Juniper Creek, a distance of twenty-nine miles, the rear of the command arriving at 6 p. m. The division is encamped upon both sides of the main road fronting southwest and covering all approaches from the rear.

