
While upon the west side of and near Big Black Creek a party of rebel cavalry numbering about thirty entered the road between the mounted and infantry advance, which were not more than 500 or 600 yards apart, and captured Lieutenant Colonel James Isaminger, Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanding pioneer corps, and one enlisted man. They also killed one of the teamster who had gone in advance. It was supposed, until too late, that they were our own men, being dressed in complete suits of Federal uniform. I sent what few mounted men I had with me in pursuit but did not succeed in overtaking them. I was unable to comply with orders from corps headquarters, received last evening, requiring me to have four wagons filled with meal and forage. Upon the arrival of my commissary of subsistence at the mill, he found an officer belonging to the Second Division in charge, who said that he had not received any instructions to grind corn for or to give up the mill to this division, but had been instructed to grind all the corn he had for their own command. He finally consented to give up the mill at 2 o'clock this a. m. These headquarters are at Campbell's house.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Thompson's Creek, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division this instant. In compliance with orders from the major-general commanding corps, received the 2nd instant, I broke camp at 7 a. m., and moved on the direct Camden and Cheraw road across Juniper Creek to Thompson's Creek, fifteen miles distant. Upon arriving at this point I found a portion of the trains of the Seventeenth Corps had not yet made the crossing, and in accordance with instructions have placed my division in bivouac near the creek and bridge. The brigade left with Major-General Howard at Black Creek rejoined the division this evening.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. On Thompson's Creek, S. C., March 3, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The troops of this division will be in readiness to march at 10 a. m. to-morrow, infantry in following order: Third Brigade in advance, Second Brigade in the center, and the First Brigade in rear. Trains and battery in same order as heretofore, and infantry marching by the side of trains, except two regiments as an advance, and one as a rear guard.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

