SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. Cheraw, S. C., March 3, 1865.

* * * *

II. In order to obtain in a systematic manner the supplies that are in the city, the following orders are made:

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will cause details to examine every house in the town and take therefrom all breadstuffs, rice, potatoes, meat, sugar, &amp;c., except sufficient to last the families in the houses from which the stores are taken ten days.

A commissioned officer will accompany each detail, and he will be held responsible for the conduct of his men. Wagons will be sent with each detail, and the stores so collected will be gathered together and proportioned by Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Mills, chief commissary of subsistence, Seventeenth Army Corps, among the command.

The houses occupied by general officers will not be examined.

Each house will be examined by the officer in charge of the detail, and the men will not be permitted to enter houses except in presence of the officers.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Cheraw, S. C., March 3, 1865.

Major General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he wishes you to effect a crossing and lodgment, if practicable, on the opposite side of the Pedee River, at an early hour to-morrow. He wishes you to feel their skirmish line both above and below the bridge in order that a point may be found where troops can be crossed without loss. The commanding officer of the pontoon has been instructed to furnish you what boats you may want.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chesterfield, S. C., March 3, 1865-7 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick reports that he is near Blakeny's, and will move to-day around the head of Thompson's Creek to the neighborhood of Sinclair's and reconnoiter well across to the Pedee. General Blair also reports from his position thirteen miles from Cheraw on the Camden road. General Howard halted him there till the Fifteenth got up in supporting distance. The Fifteenth has been delayed by all sorts of mishaps occasioned by high waters, but General Blair, pursuant to my orders, is now moving straight on cheraw. I want you to finish up the two bridges, get up your troops from the rear, and move the Twentieth toward Cheraw, north of Thompson's Creek, until you know that General Blair is in Cheraw, when it will

