
delivered to you, with the request that you have them forwarded immediately to the general commanding our forces in North Carolina, and his reply forwarded by you to General Sherman at Savannah. The Secretary of War, now on board this ship, adds his request that you will cause the dispatches to be sent, and also facilitate, if in your power, the forwarding of the reply. Inclosed is an order placing the State of North Carolina under the orders of Major-General Sherman, with a view to future military operations. A portion of General Sherman's forces have moved from Savannah against the enemy at Pocotaligo, and yesterday occupied the railroad at that place. The residue of the command will move speedily, leaving a force to occupy Savannah.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

ON BOARD STEAMERS S. R. SPAULDING,

At Sea, January 16, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER, U. S. Volunteers, or

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES IN NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, N. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War is just returning North from Savannah on board this ship. I inclose herewith his general orders* of January 12, annexing the State of North Carolina to the Department of the South, and placing that department under the orders of Major-General Sherman. I have also to communicate to you the following instructions from Major-General Sherman, to which you will please give immediate attention: Send at once by return to General Sherman at Savannah all data concerning the command in North Carolina; numbers and stations of troops, names of commanders, and how far out your line extends. General Sherman also directs that you now, at once, secure the crossing of the Neuse, near Kinston.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 17, 1865. -For Stanton to Lincoln and Stanton to Grant, referring to Sherman's operations in Georgia and South Carolina, &c., see Vol. XLVI, Part II, pp. 155, 157.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, January 17, 1865.

Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Squadron, off Charleston:

DEAR ADMIRAL: I have this moment received you note of the 16th instant, with the letter and roll of charts from Admiral Porter. I send you herewith a letter to Admiral Porter, which I beg you will send him at your earliest convenience, but it is not of enough importance to detach a ship. I regret exceedingly the loss of the monitor Patapsco,

---------------

* See p. 44.

---------------

