
Third Division will start at 6. 30 a. m. The other division will start in time to close up to the trains of the divisions that are to precede them. The troops of the Third Division will march unencumbered in the advance, and will repair the roads for the trains. General Geary will dispose of his troops so as to cover the trains of his own and General Ward's division. General Jackson will detail one brigade as rear guard. The artillery will occupy the same positions in the column as heretofore. The artillery ammunition train will follow the train of the Third Division.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Chesterfield, S. C., March 3, 1865.

The major-general commanding respectfully calls the attention of officers of this command to orders and circulars previously published in regard to forwarding captured maps to department headquarters. Maps of the State of North Carolina are now particularly desired to facilitate military operations. Any person attached to this corps who now has or hereafter may become in possession of maps of the State of North Carolina will forward them without delay to corps headquarters. There has been a reluctance on the part of officers and men to comply with orders heretofore issued relative to the prompt transmittal of maps through the proper channels; those who fail to do so hereafter will be severely reprimanded.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chesterfield, S. C., March 3, 1865-6 a. m.

Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I got your dispatch from Blakeny's last night. I want you to interpose between Charlotte and Cheraw till we are across. General Blair's head of column was thirteen miles southwest of Cheraw last night. General Jackson's division of Twentieth Corps pushed Butler's cavalry at a run through Chesterfield and across the bridges of Thompson's Creek, saving the one on the Wadesborough road, excepting one post, which the enemy had time to cut. The other bridge, on the Cheraw road, was burned. The balance of the corps is pretty well strung our by reason of the roads. I don't know exactly where General Davis is, but will direct him on Sneedsborough; and would like you to report to me the nature of the roads, especially the one from Mount Croghan by Sinclair's. By the way, that is your true position, and you should get a party over on the plank road on the line of Jones' Creek and cut off any courier-line from Wadesborough. I think Hardee will try and escape toward Wadesborough, and in that event you will strike his flank anyhow; and I want you to let go everything and cut his column, reporting to me, that I may throw infantry across; but until I hear the exact state of matters at Cheraw will move the Right Wing on Cheraw and Left on Sueedsborough. I don't much

