
WILMINGTON, March 3, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I have no information of your movements later than February 24, when it is reported you had turned eastward from about Chesterville. I infer that you are moving direct for your original destination, and that you may be there by the 15th or 16th. I hope to have the railroad from New Berne ready for you by that time, and to meet you with supplies. It will take some time longer to get this road in use for want of rolling-stock. Will have supplies here for you if I learn you are coming this way. My latest information from General Grant is February 24. He had then learned of only three brigades of Lee's army having gone south.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, RMY OF THE OHIO, umbers 20. Wilmington, N. C., March 3, 1865.

* * * *

IV. The attention of commanding officers is called to General Orders, Numbers 64, series of 1862, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, requiring that all property captured by the army, or seized by any provost-marshal, or taken up estray, or taken from soldiers marching in the enemy's country, will be turned over to the chiefs of the staff departments to which such property would appertain on duty with the troops, and will be accounted for by them as captured property and used for the public service, unless claimed by owners and ordered by the commanding general to be returned. In accordance with the above order all captured horses, mules, &amp;c., now in this command, and all captured in future, will be at once turned over to the quartermaster's department. Officers of the inspector-general's department will strictly report to these headquarters any non-compliance with this order.

* * * * *

VI. The Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, will be prepared to march at daylight on the 6th instant. The following transportation will be allowed, viz: One wagon to each regiment for officers' baggage, two to each brigade headquarters, four to division headquarters, and three for each battery to carry forage. All surplus baggage will be stored in Wilmington in charge of an officer from each division, and will be sent to the command by rail or boat as soon as practicable. Forty rounds per man of infantry ammunition will be carried in wagons, also two days' rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and salt. All wagons will be loaded light (about 1,500 pounds each), and will carry in addition five days' rations of forage for their teams. The troops will start with five days' rations, or so much of it as they can carry in haversacks, which must last them full five days. If the Twenty-third Corps has not the full allowance of transportation required by this order, the deficiency will be supplied by the chief quartermaster from Major-General Terry's corps. Captain George C. Winslow, assistant quartermaster, will act chief quartermaster of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and will attend to the distribution of the transportation required by this order.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

