SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, WENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, umbers 22. Northeast Station, N. C., March 3, 1865.

I. The commanding officer of the First U. S. Colored Troops will report with his command to Bvt. Brigadier General D. Bates, commanding First Brigade.

II. The commanding officer of the Thirtieth U. S. Colored Troops will report with his command to Bvt. Brigadier General D. Bates, commanding First Brigade.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General C. J. Paine:

SOLON A. CARTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 4. New Berne, N. C., March 3, 1865.

The exigencies of the service require that the railroad from Morehead City to New Berneand the front be devoted exclusively to military business. Transportation of passengers and freight for private purposes will cease from and after this date. Officers of the army and navy will be passed upon showing their authority for being absent from their commands. Soldiers will be passed either upon the authority of their commanding officers when present or upon transportation tickets issued by the quartermaster's department. Civilian employes of the Government and others engaged in public business or duty will be passed upon passes issued from the quartermaster's department, or by the commandants at New Berne and Morehead City. Railroad employes and laborers will be passed upon tickets issued by Colonel W. W. Wright, chief of the construction corps. Civilians not in Government employ will be passed in cases of necessity only on passes issued from these headquarters or those of Brigadier-General Palmer at New Berne. No tickets will be sold and no money for fares will be collected on the trains. A military superintendent and military conductors for the trains will be appointed by Brigadier-General Palmer, commanding First Division of the district, and will be charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 5. New Berne, N. C., March 3, 1865.

I. Colonel Charles H. Stewart, Third New York Volunteer Artillery, is hereby assigned to duty as chief of artillery of the district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. The organization of the troops of the district into divisions being only provisional and temporary, the duties of the mustering department will be performed for the district and the divisions thereof as heretofore by Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Kennedy, Third New York Volunteer Artillery, assistant commissary of musters.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

43 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

