
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 2. New Berne, N. C., March 3, 1865.

* * * * *

XIV. The commanding officer of Roanoke Island will at once forward to New Berne all the officers and men of the troops at Roanoke Island, except the One hundred and first and One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers. Captain Kimball will furnish the necessary transportation without delay.

* * * * *

XVI. The brigade of Colonel Boughton will march at daylight to-morrow morning, executing its previous orders.

XVII. That portion of the Second Brigade commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss will march at daylight to-morrow morning to the point indicated in previous orders. Upon arrival there he will report his command to Colonel Claassen, commanding Second Brigade.

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,March 3, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Armies, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Several cases having been referred to me lately from authorized traders at blockaded ports regarding the disposition that should be made of goods received by them in barter or by purchase from the inhabitants residing within our lines in their vicinity, I request that the question be referred to the honorable Secretary of the Treasury for his advice thereon. Parties receiving such articles usually desire to ship them North to be sold. The question is, can they be shipped North from a blockaded port with a permit from the Secretary of the Treasury in each case? I entertain the opinion that articles other than cotton received in exchange for goods which enter a blockaded port as a military necessity may leave that port under the same necessity, and I shall so decide and act in any urgent cases which may require action on my part before I lern the views of the Secretary of the Treasury. But goods actually purchased for money appear to be on a different footing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 3, 1865.

(Received 8. 10 p. m. 7th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

About 3,000 white troops, organized as a division of two brigades, will move at once, as ordered in your letter of February 19. The prisoners for exchange will start north to-morrow or next day. I have no recent news from General Sherman.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

