HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pedee River, S. C., March 4, 1865-7 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: My division went into camp this 3. 30 p. m. on the banks of the Pedee, on the right of the Twentieth Corps, just below Sneedsborough, by order of General Slocum, making a march of fifteen miles, the first five miles over bad roads, the last ten good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAV. COMMAND, MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 4, 1865-7 a. m.

[Major L. M. DAYTON:]

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that General Hampton attacked me with his entire command at 4 p. m. yesterday near my headquarters, where Major Audenried found me. I was not in position, but was just leaving camp; however, such attack was repulsed, until I could mass my troops, when he again made a deliberate attack, and was finally repulsed about 7 p. m. last evening. I expected to fight this morning, but I find that the enemy has left my front, and I believe him to be moving for Wall's Ferry, via Wadesborough. General Baird's division encamped last night five miles from this point on road to Sneedsborough. General Carlin's division is now passing. I believe the entire country now in rear to be free of the enemy. I await your further orders.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

WILMINGTON, March 4, 1865.

(Received 12th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

I expect to get Goldsborough by the 14th or 15th of this month if I have force enough to take it, and to have the railroad running from New Berne as far as I go. It will take some time longer to get the road in use from this point. We have no rolling-stock here. If you find it necessary to come this way supplies can be sent you by boat up the river as far as Elizabethtown. If you go direct to Goldsborough I think there can be no doubt of our having supplies there or near there on your arrival. If I find you are keeping off from the coast I shall push out toward Raleigh and join you. I have received nothing from you yet. Such information as I have places you about Rockingham to-day. I have not heard from General Grant since the 25th. No material change had taken place about Richmond at that time.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

