
trains in same order as heretofore. In case the Third Brigade is detained at Cheraw, to await the arrival of our mounted infantry, General Rice will throw one regiment in rear of all trains, and carry out orders in regard to rear guard, &amp;c.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Powe's Plantation, S. C., March 5, 1865.

Colonel F. J. HURLBUT,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Fourth Div., Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters you will retain your brigade at Cheraw until the entire corps and its camp followers have crossed the Pedee River, as well as the mounted force sent to Florence. As soon as you shall have ascertained that these forces have crossed you will yourself cross with your brigade and move as guard to the pontoon train as far as Springfield, N. C., unless otherwise ordered. Unless you receive different orders from and through the proper authority, you will leave the city without further injury, seeing that no soldiers of your command are left to commit any outrages whatever, moving quietly from the city, and bringing across all stragglers.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Near Cheraw, S. C., March 5, 1865.

This command having been ordered into Cheraw for the purpose of doing provost duty therein, it is hereby directed that no soldier enter either the house or premises of a citizen unless under orders, and that no houses, outbuildings, or fences be torn down or destroyed without special permission. All pillaging whatever is expressly prohibited. Regimental and company commanders will be held strictly responsible for the conduct of their men.

By order of Colonel F. J. Hurlbut, Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding:

FRED. MOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. Cheraw, S. C., March 5, 1865.

Owing to the danger apprehended from fires bursting out, and from other commands moving through the city, regimental commanders are instructed to once more charge their company officers to see to it that the men on duty use the utmost vigilance to protect the town from fire and pillage.

By order of Colonel F. J. Hurlbut, Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding:

FRED. MOTT,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

44 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

