HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,In the Field, S. C., March 5, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he wishes your command to cross when the bridge is completed, but in accordance with orders from General Sherman, whenever General Kilpatrick reports his command ready to cross, your corps will have to give way to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crossing of Great Pedee, [March 5,], 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. P. BUELL,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that as soon as the bridge is completed you cross your brigade and take position for the defense of the bridge on the hills beyond, covering the main road leading to Rockwell [Rockingham]. Should General Kilpatrick's command report and desire to cross before, or while you are crossing your brigade, you will give him the bridge without delay and renew your passage as soon as he is over. The remainder of the division will cross at daylight. Further orders will be given you in the morning.

Very respectfully,

J. E. EDMONDS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Cheraw, S. C., March 5, 1865.

Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I was on the point of making a new general order of movement, but on examining my last, Numbers 16, I find it provides for the next stage.

General Howard has crossed here and is now passing trains and troops, but I will hold him back to allow General Slocum to lead to Fayetteville. General Howard has sent some mounted infantry down to Florence to damage things there, and they cannot return till to-morrow. In the meantime General Slocum will pass over and move out on roads leading toward McFarland's and Love's Bridges. I will hold the Right Wing back and in reserve, keeping on roads to the south of General Slocum. As soon as he has a covering force across the Pedee he will notify you and give you his bridge, when move out to Rockingham and thence conform to his movements, getting up to Solemn Grove, and thence along down south of Little River to the roads coming into Fayetteville from Manchester. There is a rumor here that General Schofield is already at Fayetteville. It is certain that he took Wilmington, not by the evacuation of the place, but by force, capturing Hagood's brigade. This simplifies our work very

