
much, and will give me larger re-enforcement as soon as I need it. Hardee left here in haste and confusion, going across Pedee and burning the bridge, but we already have a pontoon bridge across and two divisions out a couple of miles. Butler's division of cavalry is with him. The enemy left here valuable stores, 24 good guns, 3,600 barrels of powder, 2,000 muskets, the hospitals, and much ammunition and stores. I don't think Joe Johnston will try to concentrate his forces short of Raleigh.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Cheraw, S. C., March 5, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7 a. m. March 4 is at hand. The general-in-chief directs me to say he wrote you full instructions this morning, sent through General Slocum. When General Davis' command is well closed up, General Slocum will give you the bridge to cross.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. C., March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have sent several dispatches to General Sherman, some of which I have no doubt will reach him. I have received nothing from him yet. The paroled officers who have arrived here and others all agree in the report that he was near Chesterville, on the Columbia and Charlotte road, on the 24th, and that he turned eastward from that place. I presume he will march straight for Goldsborough, passing through or near Fayetteville. We are having heavy or continuous rains here. If they extend into the interior his march will be slow. I have at length got teams enough to make a start from this point with a portion of my troops. I shall send General Couch with the two divisions of the Twenty-third Corps to join General Cox beyond New Berne. He will take the coast road to about Onslow and then make straight for Kinston. I expect him to effect a junction with Cox in five or six days. I will go to Morehead City to-morrow. I have not heard from Cox since he went to New Berne. I expect him to get to Kinston before Couch joins him. I will then push for Goldsborough and hold it until General Sherman arrives; or if I find he is keeping out farther from the coast I will advance toward Raleigh and join him. I will be able to move against Goldsborough with about 20,000 effective men. General Terry will remain here with his command for the present, but will advance along the railroad as fast as Colonel Wright can repair it, or as soon as he can get the necessary transportation to move inde-

