
pendently. Nothing has arrived here yet for the railroad. Indeed, the weather has been so bad that we have had but little communication by sea since the capture of Wilmington. Much of the time no vessel whatever has been able to cross the bar. The delivery of prisoners by the enemy was completed yesterday, and I am sending them North as rapidly as practicable. The well ones can all be sent in a short time, but it will take much longer to dispose of the sick, as they can only be placed on hospital vessels. They have been made comfortable here and are doing well. The whole number of prisoners delivered is about 10,000, 100 colored troops among the number. I will send the rolls to the Adjutant-General of the Army for his disposition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 22. Wilmington, N. C., March 5, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. The commanding officers of the Fifteenth and Twenty-third Indiana Batteries will report for the time being with their commands to Brigadier General J. R. Hawley, commanding District of Wilmington, and will remain at this post until further orders from these headquarters.

* * * * *

XV. The Fifth Tennessee Infantry is hereby relieved from duty with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and will proceed without delay to Nashville, Tenn., and report to the chief mustering officer of the State for muster out of service on the expiration of their term of enlistment. The commanding officer will report to Brigadier General Joseph R. Hawley, commanding District of Wilmington, for the purpose of taking charge of 107 prisoners to the North. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

XIX. Bvt. Brigadier General E. L. Hayes, lieutenant-colonel One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, being unfit for field duty, will report in person without delay to Brigadier General J. R. Hawley, commanding District of Wilmington, for assignment to duty.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Wilmington, N. C., March 5, 1865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Second and Third Divisions, 23rd Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will please march without unnecessary delay with the Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps, to join the troops under Major-General Cox, now operating from New Berne toward Kinston and Goldsborough. You will take the coast road leading to New Berne as far as Onslow or its vicinity, and then the

