
the Cheraw and Darlington Railroad succeeded in reaching but not in entering Florence, encountering quite a heavy force of the enemy's cavalry. I have had as yet no official report of the expedition, but hear that they have destroyed all the trestling between Cheraw and that point. As soon as Colonel Williams' report is received I will forward is to department headquarters. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Easterling's Mill, March 6, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

A captain who accompanied the expedition reports that several trains of troops were ready to be run out of Florence.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Cheraw, March 6, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Orders of march have been changed so that the Twentieth Corps is at this moment crossing the Pedee at the same point as your command, and it is intended for it to take the left-hand road just beyond Phill's Creek and your headquarters. The general-in-chief desires you to hold your corps in camp until the Twentieth has passed and out of your way, when you will resume your march as per instructions from department headquarters. The Twentieth Corps will continue moving during the night and until out of your road.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Grant's Mill, S. C., March 6, 1865.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that in compliance with orders received from you I left my camp beyond Cheraw at 6 o'clock this morning, and crossing the pontoon bridge over the Pedee River marched to my present camp on Phill's Creek, a distance of five miles. While the rear of my division was passing through Cheraw there was a terrific explosion of powder and shell near my column, caused by some great carelessness on the part of men or officers, by which several in my division were killed and wounded. I have directed Brevet Brigadier-General Woods, commanding the First Brigade, whose command was in the immediate neighborhood when the unfortunate affair occurred,

---------------

*See Part I, p. 254.

---------------

