
to make a report of the circumstance. My t

. roops are facing easteward, division headquarters being near the mill. Inclosed please find complete list of casualties during the campign.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major- General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Phill's Creek, S. C., March 6, 1865.

Captain FRED. H. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General First DIv., Fifteenth Army Corps;

CAPTAIN: In replty to your communcation of this date asking a detail of the circumstances attending the explosion which occurred near this command to- day, I have the honor to state that the explosion was cused by the accidental ignition of a large quantity of rebel ammunition which had been found in the town of Cheraw and hauled out and thrown in a deep ravine lying between the town and the pontoon bidge. The ammunition consisted of loaded shells and loose powder. The bottom of the ravine to the depth of four or five feet was filled with it, and powder was scatte3red up the banks of the ravine, and for several rods from the edge of the ravine. While the brigade was halting, having stacked arsms to await the passage of the train, of which it was the rear guard, some of the men at a distance of several roads from the edge of the ravine are reported to have applied fire to some small cakes of powder found upon the ground. The fire immediately ran to the edge of the ravine, down the bank, and exploded the immense piles of ammunition in the bottom of the ravine. One man of this bridge was killed and 1 officer and 4 men wounded. After diligent inquiry I am unable to ascertain the names of the men who set fire to the powder, but have no doubt they were ignorant, as I was myself, that any explosive material was in the ravine. The following-= named officers an men were near the rvine when or shortly before the explosion ocurred: Captain Edward H. Webster* and Lieutenant George H. Williams,* and Private John Werden, Compnay G, Seventy- sixth Ohio Infantry. Sergaints Clark and King, Company A, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, have been implicated by rumor in setting fire to the powder. Coporal Sergeant and Private Freemen, of the same company, and Thomas McPeak, of H. Company, all of the TwelfthIndiana Infantry, are reported to know who ignited the powder.

I have the honor to be, captin, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Harrington's Plantation, S. C., March 6, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Coprs:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command remained in cam0 to- day. Camptured 11 prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major- General.

---------------

*Of the Twelfth Indiana Infantry.

---------------

