
where are encamped twwo division of the Fifteenth Corps. There I shall wwait the fact that you are all across and off for Fayetteville, and will try and hold the RIght Wing ready to turn to you in case Johnston attempts to strike you in flank or to move on toward Fayetteville, aiming to arrive there or near abut the same time with your rear. I propose your command should first enter and occupy Fayetteville and secure the bridge if possible, otherwise to make a lodgment across with pontoons. En route break the raileoad which is known as the Wilmington and Charlotte, but is only partially down to Rockingaham. It is of little importance, bu being on it, we might as well use up some of its iron. At its depots you many find some cor and meal. On approaching Fayetteville you may give out that if the bridge is destroyed we will deal harshly by the town, buyt if there be no positive resistance and if theenemy spare the bridge I wish the town to be dealt with generaously. Of curse we will dispose of all public stores and property but will spare private houses. Use wheat, corn meal, bacon, animals, wagons, 7c., needed by your command, but try and keep the foragers from insulting families by word or rudeness. It might be well to instuct your brigade commanders that we are now out of South Carolina and that a little moderation may be of political consequaence to us in North Carolina. At Fayetteville if we cn secure boats of any kind, even coal flats, I will send down Cape Fear River the bulk of the refugees, white and bakck, that swells our numbers and consumes the food necessarey for our combtnts. I have no doubt of having daily intnercurse with you by courier or in person, an only name these points that you may initite measures to accomplish these ends. The enemy has abandoned many caissons oloaded with ammunition on his, and if you can push or threaten him about Rockingham I doubt not he willdrop more. The moment General Davis strikes the plank road he suld push with all possible speed into Fayettevelle.

Yours, truly,

]

W. T. SHERMAN,

Majro- General, Commanding.

SNEEDSBOROUGH, March 6, 1865- 11 a.m.

Major- General SHERMAN,

General- in- CHief:

GENERAL: I have sent Willimas to Cheraw to cross, with orders to push direct to McFarland's Bridge. Kilpatrick is now crossing at this point and will act on your orders of yesterday, which were forwarded to him at once.

I hope to get Davis across by daylight, and shall move with him as far as Lowe's Bridge, and perhaps to Fayetteville. All your directions as to the caourse to be pursued at Fayettevelle will be remabered. We have had trouble with the birdte here, but I hope are all right now. The river is 850 feet wide and our pontoon train is not good. Boats have been lost, and the organzation has run down since Buell left it; but we are all right now, and there will be some rapid marhcing when we get started.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major- General.

