
SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Crossing of Great Pedee RIver, S. C, Numbers 19. March 6, 1865.

The corps will move to- morrow in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., as follows;

General Carlin will move at daylight from the vicinity of the river via Love's (or Blue's) Bridge by way of Rockingaham, or by a more direct road, leaving Roskingham to the left, if such a road can by found. Genela Biard will move at daylight, an crossing as soon as he can obatin possessin of the bridge, will follow General Carlin. General Morgan will cross in rear of General Baird, and will cocver the raising of the bridge, fiving all necessary instrucions and assistantnce to Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, who will report to an recive orders from him until further instructions. The reserve artillery and ammunition train will, as usual, move under General Morgan.

Geneal Slocum, commanding Left Wing, will move with the Fourteenth Corps, and his headquarters train will be admitted to any position in the column which he may select.

Corps headquarters train will move with General Baird.

In the absence of further orders, the different commanders will march each morning at daylight and make the greatest distance possible each day, reporting their position every evening.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY COPRS,Crossing of Great Pedee River, S. . C, March 6, 1865.

Brevet Bigadier- General BUELL,

Commanding Second Birg., First Div., Fourteenth Army Coprs:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to express to you his satisfaction with the energy and perseverance you have displayed in laying the bridge over the Great Pedee, and his gratification at its completion. You are now relieved from duty at the river an will march your bridge to- night with its division. During the march on Fayetteville, Lieutenant-Colonel Moore will report his command to Brigadier-General Morgan, and will raise the bridge under his directions. He will report to you again at the latter place. If you have any; instructions or suggestions which will aid Colonel Moore in raising the bridge please give them to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Sneedsborough, N. C., March 6, 1865.

This command will march to- day to Cheraw to cross the river as follows: Second Division at 8 a.m. ; First Division at 9 a.m. ; Third Division at 10 a.m. Each division will cover its own tains. The artillery will precede the train of the Second Division.

By command of B	vt. Major General A. S. Willimas:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

45 R R- VOL XLVII, PT II

