
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Great Pedee River, March 6, 1865.

This command will march to- morrow to Mark's Creek as follows: Second Division at 6 a.m. The First Division will march in time to close up with the trains of the leading division, the Third ivision marchign in rear of the First Division. General Geary will march one unencumbered brigade in advance. General Waard will detail one brigade as a rear guard. One section of artillery will accompany the rear guard; the reminder of the eartillery will march in rear of the advanced brigade. The artillery ammunition train will follow the train of the leading division, each division covering its own train.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Willimas:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutat-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 6, 1865- 12. 30 p. m.

Major0- General SCHOFIELD:

Sheridan will push on to Lynchburg and if information received there justifies it, he willpush oninto North Carolina and join you and Sherman with a cavalry force of about 8,000 men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Geneal.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 23. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Wilmington, N. C., March 6, 1865.

* * * * * *

IV. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry having reported at these headquarters in compliance with orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, will report of orders to Major General A. H. Terry, commanding Provisioonal Corps.

By command of Major- General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GUM SWAMP, March 6, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT, New Berne:

The old track is simply capsized from Core Creek for about five miles and a half. The remained of the way the iron has been carried off. The plank that was sent up need not be used for our purposes, but you can use it as you origanally intended.

I would like to arrange so that the road shall be finished each night to a point where our wagons many meet the trains by dreiving right down the old roadbed. This they can do if it be not necessary to scatter ties, &amp;c., in advance of the point to which each day's work will finish it.

This arrangement will save several miles of travel, and as I have so few wagons it is very impotant to me. Still I do not wish to impede yur progress.

How fast can you relay the track over the five miles from Core Creek! Has any more iron arrived!

J. D. COX,

Major- General, Commanding.

