
you sent up to the Coe Creek Station at the teminus of the road, immediately, so that wagons from General Carter's command may meet them their to- night. Please furnish a detail toload them as soon as the railroad can furnish a train. Aportion of General Palmer's division is pushing forward in adnce of this position to- night, and I hope to- morrow to be able to close in upon Kinston and test the question of the rebels making a sand there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major- General, Commanding.

GUM SWAMP, March 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General PALMER,

Commanding Divisin, Disteict of Beaufort:

GENERAL: I think uyour wagons had better go back by way of the railroad, to get either forage or supplies as you may think best. If Claassen gets a position over Southewst Creek I shall want you division to move up to that point very early in the morning, but in that case the baggae will have to be left till the wagons come up again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D . COX,

Major- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDES, HDQRS FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Near Core Creek, march 6, 1865.

The division will move for Gum CVreek at 7 o'clock to- morrow morning (March7). The command willmove in the following orde, viz: First, First Brigade, Colonel Orr commanding; secod, Third Brigade, Colonel Thomas commadig; third, Second Brigade, Colonel McQuiston commanding. The batteries and baggage will move by the Dover road, and two regiments will be detailed from the Second Brigade togaurd the batteries and baggage. The senior officer of the two regiments detailed from the Second Brigade will report to these headquarters for instrucions to- morrow morning at 6 o'clock. The pickets and all safeguards will be drawn in at daylight to- morown morning (March 7)

By command of Brigadier General T. H. Ruger:

J. E. CARAVENS,

Catain and Acting Assstant Adjutant-Geneal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Numbers 14. TWENTY- THIRD ARMY CORPS, Wilmington, N. C., March 6, 1865.

The circumstances connected with my assuming command of this brigade occasions embarrassment which cannot be expressed. I cn only hope that the former mutual confidence which has existed may still continue, and that I may be able to refglect credit upon the gallant brigade which I	 have the ehonor to command.

ORLANDO H. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty- fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

