
SPECIL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTIRCT OF WILMINGTON, Numbers 5. Wilmington, N. C., March 6, 1865.

* * * * * *

V. Major F. W. Prince, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding post of Fort FIsher, N. C., will, in addition to his othere duties, act as provost- marshal of the post.

By command of Brigadier General J. R. Hawley:

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTIRCT OF WILMINGTO,WIlmington, N. C ., March 6, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. ABBOTT, Commanding Post;

SIR: The brigdier- general commanding wishes you to take immediate charge of the defenses of WIlmington, including the outpost or brigade- head just over Brunswick River, protecting the pontoon bridge. You will examine the line of SMith's Creek and Jumping Run and the ponds, 7c., with a view to defense and to the picket- line which will be needed when Major- General Terry's command shall be withdrawn. You will complete the earth- work laid out for the protection of Wilington and Weldon Rairoa ddepots, which are to be used as Government warehouses. Upon application to Major Terry, assistant adjutant- general, &amp;c., a detail of 200 will be furnished for that purpose. Camptain McClure, of the engineers, is in immediate charge of that work and of other engineering operatiosnabout 	Wilmington. He will report to you as post commandant. It will be well to visit the eoutpost on Brunswick River soon. It consists of 200 men, under Captain Lawrence, Seventh New Hampshire. Outht to be relieved as often as once a week. You will endeavor to keep a careful report of all transient detahments of troops, requiring them to make daily field returns to yo. You should be able to give the entire force in the city daily, including ll prisoners, onvalesents, recruits, &c., as they will be constantly presenting requisitions for ratios.

I am, general, very resepctully, your obedient servant,

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C ., March 6, 1865.

Major General H. W. HJALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United Stats:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received fro Grigadier-General Webster, chief of staff to General Sherman, requesting that no troops be taken from Savnnah to be replaced by inferior ones* Two brigades were at the time under orders to proceed from Savannah to Cape Fear River, in compliance with your order of Febraury 19. I have authorized Geneal Grover, commanding atSavannah, to retain for the present one of the brigadws named, and I presume that by the time we have transportation for them something more drfinity thanthe information we now possess will be ascertained concerning the rebel force at August and other future movements.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major- General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Webster to Gillmore, 2nd, p. 658.

---------------

