
will please move the balance of your command by slow and easy marches to Pocotaligo, S. C., via the Union Causeway turnpike, crossing New River bridge, and taking the old Charleston road, passing through or near Grahamville and Coosawhatchie. You will if practicable, move your command on Thursday, the 19th instant, the hour of starting to be designated by you, and will cause all the wagons of your command to be lightly loaded with rations and forage, not taking more than 1,000 pounds in each wagon. On your arrival at Pocotaligo you will take up a defensive position and report to the Major-general commanding for further orders. The Engineer Regiment, with its transportation, and the cattle belonging to this Army, in charge of the Chief commissary of the Fifteenth Army Corps, will follow your command.

By command of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. E. STRONG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. Savannah, Ga., January 17, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. All details from the Third and Fourth Divisions of this corps are hereby relived, and will rejoin their commands preparatory to an early movement from this city.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Savannah, Ga., January 17, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to prepare your division to move at an early moment. You will take in your wagons as much forage and as many days' rations as you can obtain, but mot to them too heavily. The men will carry three days' rations in their haversacks. Orders have been issued relieving details from your division; they will rejoin their commands at once.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pocotaligo, S. C., January 17, 1865.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: The enemy are reported to have abandoned their position at Salkehatchie bridge. I have sent a force there to ascertain. As soon as they return I will forward their report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

