SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORHTERN DISTICT, Numbers 42. EPAETMENT OF THE SOUTH, Charleston, S. C., March 6, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel E. A. Kozlay, Fifty- fourth New York Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, is hereby ordered to report with his command to Brigadier-General Schimmelfenning, commanding defenses of CHarleston, for assgnment to duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,First Lieutenant, Fifty- fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHARLESTON,

Charleston, S. C., March 6, 1865.

Rev. JOSEPH P. THOMPSON, D. D.,

President of the American union Commission, NewYork City:

REVERND AND DEAR SIR; Mr. Mahlon T. Hewitt, of your city, has called upon me in behalf of the Amereican Union Mission to ascertain the true condition of the people of Charleston, and to devise some method by which the suffering and want occasioned by the rebellion may be most surely alleviated. We thank you for this prompt indication that the men of the North sympathize in the afflictions of their fellow countrymen, and desire to meet them when returning to loyalty in the true spirit of a Christian brotherhood. The suffereing here is gret, nor is it confined to the poorer calss alone. Charlesotn is to- day cut off from the back country by the presenc of intervening armies. Families who have hertofore derived their income from conntry estates are now, of necessity, in want. Others whose property has been gradually absorbed into rebel bonds are penniless. The rebel curreny is worthless. Thus many who have been tenderly reared are now suffering. Instances of want come daily and hurly to my notice, which I am poweerless to alleviate. Major- General Gillmore, commanding this department, generously turned over most of the rice camptured in the city to a committee, who are distriabuting it for the relief of the most city to a committee, who are distibuting it for the relief of the most necessitious. BUt this supply can only last for a few days at the best, and does not begin to answer our wants. We need money, probviasins, clothig, and medicines and delicacies of the sick. You cannot do too much or us. Your agent, M	r. Hewitt, ahs, at my suggestion, invited several promintent residnets of Chrlseston to orgainze as an auxiliary associateion to your commission, and thus insure the safe and equitable distribuation of the charity which your so nobly offer. These gentklemen have accepted, and the loyal peo; oe of the North may rely upon the fiathful performance of the trust. I bbelieve that the nation ill respond to the appeal whhich your commission makes in behalf of this great charity, and look forward hopefully to the day when the olive branch you proffer shall be planted besiede hearthstones made desolate by war, and bear the golden fruitge of reconciliation and peace.

Very respectfully, uyour obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel 103rd U. S . Colored Troops, Commanding the City.

