
SAVANNAH, GA., March 6, 1865.

[General GILLMORE:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: On my return to Savanah from the prison at Andersonville, Ga., the poor Catholics of my charge mentined to me the awful news "that the Catholic gaveyard was turned into a fortification, the ashes of the dead uplifted into a military breast- work, and that the remins of the bishops, priests, and sisters of mercy (victims of yellow fever in 1857 and 1858) had to be remoed to save them from profanation. " It must be in extreme military necessity when the ashes of the ded are disturbrd or breast- works erected on their place of repose. Might can effect it, but does RIght sanction it!

I look on you and Major- General Foster to be brave and christian generals, and I am deeply afflicted that tany subordiante should, by any act of his or their anti- Catholic feeling, tarnish the dignity and honor of your names. I feel that the spirits of the dead, whose bodies have been exhumed, command of you in justice and religion to have the replaced in their former place of est, and the injuries done the Catholic graveyard repaired.

With every sentiment of esteem, I am, my dear general, yours, truly,

PETER WHELAN,

"Catholic Prist. "

CITY POINT, V., March 6, 1865.

Major General C. SCHURZ,

Washington City:

Lieutenant- General Grant directs me to reseptfully acknowledge the receipt by him of your letter of dte 26th February, and tosay to you in reply that, upon the completion of your present duties, you will be ordered to report to Major G en. W. T. Sherman, as you request. As soon as you are redy to go to Sherman, please notify these headquarters and the necessary orders will be sent you at once.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, V., March 7, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond papers to- day contain nothing of particular interest.

The following items are taken from the Whig:

THE NEWS EMBARGO.

Since the newpapers, in compliance with the request of the military authorities, have suspended the publication of war news, the people have become more eager than before for informatin from the localkities of active opeations. All sorts of rumors, favaorble and otherwise, are put into circultion, amplified, contradicted, and reasserted until a perfect muddle prevails, and nobody knows whether events are progressing satisfactorily or adversely. The usual sources of information, the newspapers are looked to in vain, and the existing uncertainty must therfore continue until the military importance of reticence has passed by or been qualified by developments. Whe that time arrives the press will, we presume, be promptly notified, in order that it may resume its vocation of furnishing the public with reliable information from the seats of war. In the ementime, if anything of interest traspires which can be published, we are confidnet that the intelligant Secetary of War will cause the news to be promptly communicated to the press.

