
From Columbia.

It is certain that a large portin of t ebeutiful city of Columbia, S. C., has been burned, but as yet we have no positive information as to the extent of the fire, or boundaries of the burned distict.

The Charlotte Bulletin of the 26th ultimo says that it was rumored that the city had been garrisoned by 2,500 negro troops, and that a raid had been made on the workshops of the Greenville railroad at Helenea, in Newberry District, and much property destroyed.

The Greensborough Patriot of the 2nd instnt says that Sherman left no forces at all in Columbia, and it understands his troops did very little damage to private property. TH eold capitol building was burnt, the fire origantaing from shells which were thrown at the new capitol, near the ofl building. Railroad communication is now open to Columbia, says the Patriot, and those of the citizens who fled on Shermn's approach are returning to their homes.

Fromthe Carolinas.

The Goldsborough Journal of the 4th insnatnt says:

"From Kinston we have thr assuarnce that all is quiet. not only has no advance been made byt ehenemy, but it is thought doubtful by outsiders if there is any large forct at New Berne. At all events no apprehension is felt there, and we know our military authorities are on the alert.

"From Shofield's command, onth eline of the Wilmington road, we have very little. Theere has been no advance in this direction during the past week. " Referring to Sherman, the Journal says: "We shall not be much surprised to hear of a retrograde movement on his part; indeed, we fear he will make one. "

Details of the abvove news are contraand. The public must be patient, with the assurance that all is going well.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Brigatsville, S. C., March 7, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Captain Duncan has been to the railroad to- dy. He burned some trestle- work and learned that the rebels themselves had broken the road below Lumberton. I send you herewith papers of the 1st and 2nd, which he brought in. My left column will to- morrow move to Laurinburg, and my right to Gilopolis. My headquarters will be to- morrow night at Laurinburg.

Veru rese[ctfi; ; u.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISIN OF TH MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Crooked Creek, March 7, 1865.

Major- General JHOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of this date, inclosing papers, is recieved. The general- in- chief willmove to- morrow with this corps, and meet you at Laurinburg.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

