HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISIN, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Goodwin's Mills, March 7, 1865.

Colonel F. J. HURLBUT,

Commanding Third Brigade;

COLONEL: This division will follow the First Division to- morrow, strting at or near 8 a.m. taking the old Stage road and passing through Springfild to Lurinburg, on the railroad. You will start in seadon to join us here if possible.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutatn-General.

P. S. - If you can join the division more essily by moving forward on your road to Springfield, there will be no objectin, althoughit seems safer to come this way, providing you are not over three or four miles away.

By order;

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistan Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Beaver Dam Creek, S. C., March 7, 1865.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my command is in camp on the east side of Veaver Dam Creek, with the mounted infntry at Bam's Bridge. Every house that we pass is pillaged, and as we are about to enter the State of North Carolina, I think the peo; oe should be treated more cosnideately. The only way to prevent this state of affairs is to put a stop to foraging. I have enough in my wagons to last to Goldsborough, and I suppose the rest of the e\army has also. I respectfully suggest that an order be issued against foraging.

Very respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major- General.

Major General HOWARD,

Commanding Army and Department of the Tennssee:

Every house we pass is pillaged precisely as the one you spoke of in your dispatch yesteday. There is no cure except the entire cessation of foraging. The systm is vicious and its results utterly deplorable. As there is no longer a necessity for it I beg that an order may be issued to prohibit it. Genelral Shermn said that when we reached North Carolina he would pay for everything brought to us an forbid foraging. I believe it would have an excellent effect upon the country to cahnge our policy in this resepct, and consider it my duty to submit the matter to your consideration.

Resepctfully, your obedient servt,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major- General.

