
HEADUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Four Miles east of Cheraw, S. C., March 7, 1865.

Major General HJ. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing;

GENERAL: We commenced crossing the bridge at 4 p.m. yesterday, and have kept at work all night. The rear division is now nearly up to this point. I have started the Second Division toward the railroad at Mark's Creek. The other divisions will follow and encamp in that vicinity to- night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major- General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Station 103, Rockingham and Wilmington Railraoad,

March 7, 1865.

This command will march toward McFarland's Bridge, over Lumbe River, to- morrow as follows: First Division at 7 a.m., Third Division at 8 a.m., Second Division at 9 a.m. General Jackson will march two brigades in advnce of the trains. General Gerary will detail one brigade as rear guard. One section of artillery will march with the rear guard, one battery in rear of General Jackson's advanced brigade, the balance at the head of the trains. The artillery ammunition tain will march in rear of the First Division train.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Willimans:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Roskicngahm, N. C., March 7, 1865- 11 a.m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have just occupied this place, driving out Butler's cavalry, the rear guard of General Hardee's forces. Hardee made this place his headquarters Saturday evening. His troops commenced coming in Friday morning; the last came in Saturday night and left Monday. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry and Tenth Ohio are now pursuing Butler, who has taken the road norht, running through Fair Ground to Ashborough. Hardee has taken the road, so far as I can learn through Ashboutough to Greensborough. He and with him about 15,000 men with artillery. I can hear nothing from Fayetteville. I believe Hardee is marching to form a junction with Bearuregad, and I think will march first to Ashborough and thence to Greensborough, or Raleigh, as the case may be, and my scuts meet no resistance yet, reported on roads leading to Fayetteville. The enemy made inquirlies in this place about bridges over Haw River, and I thimk if he was marhcing on Raleigh would move as high up as Ashborouugh in order to avoid Cape Fear Rivfer, as he has no pontoon bridges, so far as I can learn, with him.

Te enemy had three citizens under arrest for burning bridges over Lumber River. It is reported the enemy has about 800 of our prisoners of war with them who have taken the oath of allegiance to the

