
Confederate Govenment, and they are using them to work upon the foads. Four ame in to my lines this morning. Our troops under Schofield, it is reported here (and I think the infoarmation reliable), were atElizabeth, thirty- eight miles below Fayetteville, on Friday last. This alone would have driven Hardee north, unless the enemy intended to fight at Fayetteville. I will promptly advise you as to all movements of the enemy in this direction.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet major- General, COmmandign Cavalry, Army of Invasion.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp on Fayeteville Road, THirteen Miles from Cheraw,

In the Field, March 7, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry, Roskingham:

GENERAL; YOurs of this date, 11 a.m., is just recived, I am well pleased to learn that Hardee is making will norht. Though willing now to fight Joe Johnston, who commands in chief, I would prever to work over to the new base to clear our columns of the impedimenta and make junction with Schofield, who is doubtelss working up toward Goldsborough. If I can get that point secure, with both railroads down to Wilmington and New Berne, you will perceive what a baseI will have. Raleigh will be easy of conquest and we can drive all Carolina north of the Roanoke, where the concentrated armies of the Confederatcy will have contracted foraging gound. But of that hereafter. Now I will make for Fayetteville, and only ask you tokeep your command well in hand, and the horses and men int he best possible order as to food and forage. To- morrow night I will send messengers with my orders for Shcofield, but shall aim to reach Goldsborough. I don't want to make "Suthing. " Our infantry columns are doing well. I will let Davis enter Fayetteville firzst, and if the people will spare the bridge, I want all to be easy on the citizens, but if they burn bridges or bother us we must go the whole figure. In conversation with people evince a detemination to maintain the Union, but treat all other matters as beneath a soldier's notice. Giver us a whole country with a Government and leave details to the lawyers. Deal as moderately and fairly by the Notth Carolinains as possible, and fan the flame of discord already subsisting between them and their proud cousins of South Carolina. There never was much love between them. Touch upon the echivalry of running away, always leaving their families for us to feed and protect, and then on purpose accusing us of all sorts of rundeness. I expect to reach Fayetteville by Saturday, and will determine as quick as possible what is next for you, but I don't see as you can do better than hold on that flank. Tere is a body of infantry and cvaly left down in the pocket abut Florence that might be caught, but it won't pay to cahse them- horse flesh is too precious. Keep your horses in the best order for thedy when we must have a big fight- not, howeve, on this turn.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

46 R R- VOL XLVII, PT II

