HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 7, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: There are several thousand men here belonging to General Sherman's army that ought to join him in North Carolina as soon as possible. If you have any stemaeres that you can spare to aid in trasporting them, I would like them to be sent here, as allmy seagoing steamers are now engaged in carrying troops to Wilmington. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major General of Volunteers.

P. S. P If you can spare me a cargo of stemer's coal it would greeatly facilitare the moving of the troops. I am borrowing coal from the navy, but they have very little.

Q. A. GILLMORE.
HEADQUARTERS DIEAPRTMETN OF NORHT CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the united States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: The troops under General Cox have reached Suthewst Creek, three miles this side of Kinston, to- day. They find the enemy in considerable force ebehind the creek. Hoke'; s command is said to be there; whether any other troops, is not ascerttained. I arrived here to- day; I will go to the front to- morrow. The repair of the railroad is now being pushed forward as rapidly as possible. Some iron arrived from the North this evening, and no doubt it will now come as fast as it can be put down. The troops are several miles in advnce of the present terminus of the oroad, and I think will be able to keep ahead of it. If Hoke's command alone is in our front, he cannot detain us long. If a gretes fore, I may have to wait til General Couch arives. But I shall make the attempt to take Kinston at once unless satisfied that it cannot be done. Palmer's delay is unformtunate, since it has given the enemy time to concentreate, and has kept the railroad workmen idle some time longer than necessary. Since Cox arrived he has pushed matters with allpossible vigor, and I will do all can to make up lost time. Colonel Wright thinks he can repair the road to Goldsborough by the 20th, if we are able to clear the way. I will write more fully as soon as I develop the real condition of affaris in front. I am, generak, very resepctully, yur obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General.

MOREHEAD CITY, March 7, 1865.

Major- General COX:

I have just arrived. Will go to New Berne to- day. Couch marched yesteday. He will have canvas pontoon bridte here in a day or tow. I have your letter of the 4th. All right.

J. M. CHOFIELD,

Major-General.

