
GUM SWAMP, March 7, 1865.

Mr. VAN DYNE,

Railroad Superintendent, New Berne:

Whatever supplies or forage are now at our camp of day before yesterday I want moved to the Core Creek Station above the bridge as soon as possible. I have not temas enough to bring them from the former position, as it is several miles farther by road.

J. D. COX,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BAEUFORT,Gum Swamp, March 7, 1865.

Captain A. C. RHIND, U. S. Navy:

Yur dispatch in regard to the removal of obstructions recieved. I am to- day advaning my lines within three miles of Kinston and making reconnaissances of the approaches to the river to deermine at what point boats can best reach me. A deserter came in last night, reporting heavey re- enforcements arriving at kinston the day before. If this prove true, it may make it imprudent to send boats up the river immediately, but I hope to get more definite kniwledge to- day, and will inform you.

J. D. COX,

Major- General, Commanding.

WISE'S FORKS, March 7, 1865- 2. 30 p.m.

[General J. D. COX:]

GENERAL: You have probably heard that the enemy have one or two guns in position at the railroad crossing of Southwest Creek. General Harland sends me word that he is trying to get around them. General Hoke, Colonel WHitford, Colonel Starr, and Colonel Beaard were all here yesterday. This is positive, as they conversed with peo; le here who know them. What forces are now at Kinsotn we can only guess at. it is estimated by country people as igh as 15,000. Major Clarkson, of the Twldth [New York] Cavalry, is here, having come across from the Tent road. The line of Southwest Creek is apparently to be defended y the rebels. I have sent 300 infntry, a section of artillery, and a company of cavalry to Jackson's Mill to find out what is there. Colonel Classen found the enemy's skimrmishers here yesteday, and it was during the skirmishing that Hoke was here.

Very respectfully, yurs,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - I send themap, which is, I think, perfectly correct.

I. N. P.

WILMINGTON, March 7, 1865- 8 p. m.

(Received 11 th)

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

General Shcofield is at New Berne. Cox, with his own division and Meagher's and General Heintzelman's troops, is on the way from New

