
Berne to Goldsborough, and is probably now near Kinston. General D. N. Couch, with his own and McLean's division, left here yesterday to join Cox, taking the shore road. My troops are at thisl place. General Shofield has directed the rrailroad from here to Goldsborough to be repaired, but the construction party not yet arrived. I am to be repaired, but the construction party not yet arrived. I am to advance toward Goldsborough as fast as repairs are effected.

TERRY,

Major- General.
HDQRS. PROVISINAL CORPS, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. C., March 7, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Deaprtment of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Mr Ricahardson arrived here this afternoon from WHite vill, which place he left this morning. He reports that on the 28th ultimo, or 1 st instant, General Sheman was at Cheraw; that a portion of Hardee's force was north and east of that place, and the remainder of it south and west, Sherman being between ; that the portion of the enemy on the right bank of the river marched by Darlington to the Pedee railroad bridge, and thernce norhtward, and that on the 5th Sherman was at Bennettesville. I think it must be that hthe whole of Hardee's force w as on the right bnk, and that it was Beauregard who was on the left. I quaestioned Mr. Ricahrdson with reference to this, and he was by no means certain that such was not the case. All the rolling- stock of the W	ilmington and Manchester road has been carried to the west of Sumter, and efforts to repair the Wateree bridge are now being made, so that it may be carried farther suth. Mr. Ricahrdson brings no other information.

I have the honor to be, general, very resepctully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NORHTERN DISTRICT, DIPT. OFTHE SOUTH,Charleston, March 7, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Deaprtemtn of the South:

GENERAL: A regiment fromHallowell's brigade was ordered to gho to Hilton Head on the Coit's last trip. I am infored that he regiment arrived at the wharf about half an hour after the steamer had left. They leave to- day.

Very resepfctfully, yur obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,City of Charleston, S. C., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant L. B. PARRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I am informed that the colored troops encamped near the intrnchments are continually committing deparedations upon the

