
of General Wods' train is reported as abut one mile and a half this side of Springfield with about seventy wagons on the road.

I am, captian, very respectfully, your obedienat servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major- General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISIN, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Laurel Hill, N. C., March 8, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal, FIfteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that tI left my camp near Goodwin's Mills at 6 this a.m., and marching along the old Stage road, via Springfield, reached Laurel Hill with my head of colunmn about 3 p.m., making a distance of some thirteen miles over very hard roads, and encamped at the cross- roads at this place, facing my division norhteast. My headquarters are near department headquarters. There are no casualties in my division to- day. The roads have become so heavy on acount of the rains, whiach, added to the darkness of the night, obliges me to encmp my ordnance train and one brigade back onth road about two miles from this point.

I am, major, bvery respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Mjaor-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY OCRPS,Jordan's Creek, N. C., March 8, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistnat Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Amy Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command marched on the Fayetteville road to- day, crossing the State line one mile from camp, crossing Joe's Creek and Little Pedee River, and reaching laurel Hill at 12 m. Crossed Jordan's Creek and camped on east side, having marched fifteen miles. Captured there prisoners. Sent two regiments forward to Lumber RIver.

Very respectfully, our obedient servtn,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISIN, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Springfield, S. C., March 8, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division to- day, and the reasons for my failing to reach the point designated in your orders. I broke camp at 8 a. m., moving in rear of the First Division of this corps, upon the old Stage road to this point, ten miles distant. It was abut 10 a. m. before the rear of General Woods' train left its park, and my movements have been necessarily very slow on accunt of the road being nrendered almost impassable by the trains of the Fierst Division, and the heavy rain which has been falling the entire day. Upon arriving at Springfield with my head of column at 5 p. m., I fund the gbridte across Gum Swamp and been rendered impassble by the troops just crossed,

