
on Sunday morning, moving toward Robertsville. Lieutenant McQueen passed through Grahamville about noon yesterday and his road was reported free obstructions.

If you think best I will send a force of infantry adequate to open the road to Robertsville. The force I sent this p.m. to Salkehatchie have returned and report the enemy still there with seven pieces of Artillery in sight from the road and they strengthening their works.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 17, 1865.

[Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS:]

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with previous instructions my command has been preparing for the coming campaign, with the following success: All the divisions are wanting in ammunition, which they will be able to procure probably by to-morrow evening. All the divisions are still deficient in clothing, but expecting it daily. My quartermaster reports but two day's forage in the corps, and is informed that the forage intended to fill up our trains cannot be gotten to-night; that it is on transports on the river and may be expected at any time. The corps cannot move to-morrow as expected, without great inconvenience arising from leaving these things behind. Please lay this report without delay before the general commanding the wing for his information and instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,January 17, 1865.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

The Major-general commanding directs that you unload sixty wagons and send them to report at General Williams' headquarters at 8 o'clock this evening. The wagons ordered from you this morning did not report. You can delay your movement until Thursday morning (the 19th), and in the meantime do what you can to complete your supplies. It is very important that these wagons report promptly this evening to aid in repairing the road across the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 17, 1865.

Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fourteenth Corps:

COLONEL: In reply to your circular, asking whether my division will be ready to move to-morrow morning, I have to state that everything

