
and requiring some tow hours' labor before I culd pass my trains, and also that my column was onsiderably extended, with every prosepct that the trains would not all be up to this point before 10 p.m. under therse circumstanes I thought it advisable to place my command in bivuac here, with I have done, selecting a defensible position, believing that it would meet with your approval. My men have placed three miles of tcourduroy during the march of this insntant. Major Hoover, aide- de- camp to the major- gaeneral caommalnding corps, is here and will remain with me overnight, as he thinks it almost impossible to ride over the road again after dark.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servat,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 37. In the Field, Springfield, N. C., March 8, 1865.

I. The troops composing this divislin will march at 6 a. m. to- morrow, the 9th insntat, on direct road to Laurel Hill. The Third Brigade in advance, with two regiments abreast of battery and train. First Briade int hecenter marching abreast of ordnance and supply trains. Second Brigade in rear, with one regiment moving to the right of trains. Trains as hertofore. Pioneer corps willmove out upon the road at 6 shapr, repairing roads as it advacnes.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutat-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Gilpolis, N. C., March 8, 1865.

Captain A.m. WAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General Departmetn and Army of the Tenessee:

CAAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that one division of myc command is I camp at this point. The road has become so bad that he other divisons will be obliged to encmap within abut three miles of here. The entire road has to be courduroyed. They will move ofrward at daylight in the morning. The bridte on Lumber River was saved by dshing on the enemy's cavlry. There is wate on each side of the bridge and it will be necessary to bridge it in the morning should the river rise much to- night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servat,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Laurel Hill, N. C., March 8, 1865.

Major General F. P. BALIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: As General Sherman has expressed the wish that the Left WIng sould occupy Fayetteville first, the general requests that you do not send forward to occupy the city with your mounted infantry in advance of General Slocum's column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

