SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 61. Gilopolis, N. C., March 8, 1865.

The movement to- morrow will be to Raft Swamp. The Third Division will move forward at 8 a.m., on the lower Fayetteville road. The Fourth Division will move from its present camp at daylitght and on reaching this point will take the upper Fayetteville raod, encamping to- night at the cross- rads beyond Rafdt Swamp. The First Division will follow the Fourth Division to this point, where it will take the lower road and follow the Third Division. The First Michigan Eingineers will follow the Fourth Division. Corps headdquarters will move on the lower road. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infnary will move forward at 7. 30 a. m.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair;

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Love's Bridge, S. C., March 8, 1865- 4. 30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN, General- in- Chief:

GENERAL: General Carlin; s division of Fourteenth Corps arrived at this point (Love's or Blue's Bridge) at 3 p.m. to- day, driving a small squad of rebel cavlry. They found the bridge in good repair, a few planks only being burned. Carlin's division crossed Lumber River and are in camp. The other two divisions of the corps are a few miles in rear. I expect to reach Fayetteville on Saturday. We cmptured a citizen to day who left Fayetteville yesteday. He reports a alarge force at that place; says General Bragg was there and General Johnston hurly expected; says they have earth- works on the plank road near the arsenal. We also captured a cavalryman at this point beraing dispatches from General Butler to Colonel Rutledtge, a copy of which I herewith inclose. I have heard nothing direct from Kilpatrick since we started, but I am informed that he was at Rockingham to- day. We took a road leaving Rockingham on our left. We have fund the roads good, but supplies very scarce. I think Willimas has McFarland's Bridge, but I shll direct him to write to you in full as to his own operatisl. If he has secured that bridge both corps will encamp to- morrow night near Rockfish Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Bostick's mills, March 8, 1865- 8 a. m.

Colonel RUTLEDGE, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I wish you to halt where you are until I join you, which I expect to do to- night. General Hampton is across the Pedee with Wheeler and 500 men for our command. I presume they will also move toward Fayetteville or down ht Pedee, as the enemy may move. Send the dispatch to ColoenlChilds on to Fayetteville, and inquire if anything has been heard of Robvertson's brigade, which should be there by this time.

Resepctfully, &amp;.,

M. C. BUTLER,

Major-General.

