
up. If he ahs started, say the sme to him when he reaches Core Creek. it is entirely impossible to get teams for the construction party- we have not enough for the most pressing necessities. By an extra effort I think they should bring the wire to this point, and then we could more easily await the building of the railroad. Let me know if you can find any shelter near the present teminus of the wire so as to open an offie there. Ordianary messages may be sent up by signal

J. D. COX,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Gum Swamp, March 8, 1865.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Commanding Second Division:

Your dispatch of this morning recived. The movement on the left can scarcely be more than a reconnaissance, but I wuld like to have you communicate with ColonelSavage and direct him to meet it. You may send a regiemtntoward the same flank from Wise's Forks to support the cavalry if needed, and push the cavalry picket on the British road close up to the upper Trent road, to discover what may be the real truth of the movement. These reconnoitering parties must go out boldly and learn definin\tely what they can. I am just going over to General Palmer; 's headquarters and will take yours en route on my return. General Schofield is with me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTIRCT OF BAEUORT,Wise's Cross- Roads, March 8, 1865.

Colonel WRIGHT, or

Mr. Chpman,

Railroad Agent:

Stop the train of ammunition at Core Creek Statin, for we cannot use the Biddle road.

J. D. COX,

Major-Geneal, Commanding.

GUM SWAMP, March 8, 1865.

Brigadier-Geneal PALMER,

Commanding, &amp;c.,

SIR: I have allowed a Mr. Patteson to report to you on a pass given by Captain Parkinson, assistant adjutant-General, and with him a negro man, and a white man named Jons. The rule I prefer to a dopt is that no citizens whatever be allowed to go through the lines unless they are our own scouts, and I would suggest that the officers at New Berne be instucted to allow none to come to the front till weare fully in possession of Kinston. I neglected to tell Mjaor Dow to say that it will be necessary to keep the wagons goingh to supply the command, and that the quartermaster and commissary of subsistence departemts will need to systematize the delivery of forage and rations at the diferent

