
men have been captured. He further directs that you instruct the commanding office of the guard on that side of the river to quaestion all peo; le who come in, and send them directly to him; or, if at night and thenews is important, send them directly to General Terry. News of Sherman is wanted.

I am, general, very respectfully, hour obedient servant,

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., March 8, 1865.

(Received 1 p.m. 17th)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Cief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 25th and 27th, and General Grant's dispatch of the 25th, are received The only railroad I wish to open is the one between Charleston and Savannah, in order to sve water trasnportationa and establish telegraph communiction. White troops are being sent to Cape Fear River as fast as transportation will allow. One brigade stared three days ago; another will commence going to- day or to- morrow. I would suggest that orders be issued to stop sending men belonging to Genel Shermn's amry here to join him. Over 6,000 are here now. I requaest that aq couple of good stemers be sent to heo; trasport those men to North Carolina. I do not know where Sherman is, or wheteher he has effected a junctionwith Shofield yet.

Very respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major- General of Volunteers.

P. S. - March 14, I have nothing new to add. About 5,000 white troops willbe detached from this department under General Grant's order of Feberuary 19, All but 1,800 of them ahave laready gone. The balcane are rady and will go in a day or tow.

Q. A. GILLLMORE,

]Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washigyon, D. C., March 8, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENRAL: The severity oft the weather for the past few weeks detained vessels in the coal- shipping ports so that there was great difficulty in supplying the Potomac and James Rifvers and North Carolina movements. It was suppoed that you had a good supply. Your consumption appears to have increased. Whatever is possible will be done to supply you rapidly. The demands upon the ocean trasports of the country are now enourmous, and repeated orders have been sent to Southern ports not to delay coal and other supply vessels. The Southern ports have been nearly bare of vessels suited to our uses. Send back our shops.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General, Brevet Major- General.

