
GENERAL ORDES, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, Numbers 13. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Charleston, S. . C, March 8, 1865.

Numerous applictions for the restoration of captured property are daily received at these headqaurters, the persons appluing producing certuficates of having taken the oath of allegiance to the United Staes Government. So manu of these cases have occurred as to lead to a suspicion that the desire to receive a orse or mule may have induced some unpricipled persons to profess loyalty, and take and subscribe to the oath, with no intentio of being truly loyal citizens. The President of the United States, by his proclamation of December 8, 1863, was pleased to pardon (with certain exceptions) such persons who have been engaged in rebellion as should take and subscribe to a certain oath. It is not understood that the expessin, restoration of rights of property, in the procalamation referred to, means the restoration of property. Persons engaged in rebellion lost all rights of property. By taking the oath presciribed their right to hold property is restored to them, but no claim is given them by that act to property which has already passed into the hands of the Government, either by process of law, or as a mlitary necessity. It is, therefore, announced that citizens of the United States applying for the restoration of property taken for thuse of he Government must be prepared to prove that they have remained loyal to the United Stats Govenment during thpresent regellion, or that they held, at the time of the seizure, a certificate that they had already complied with the terms of the proclamation.

By command of Birg. General John P. Htch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty- fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, Numbers 44. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Charleston, S. . C, March 8, 1865.

I. The Thirty- third U. S. Colored Troops is hereby relieved in this district, and will immediately report to Brevet Major- General Grover, commanding U. S. forces at Savannah. The quartemaster's department will furnish the necessary trasportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,First Lieutenant, Fifty- fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SVANNAH,

Savannah, Ga., March 8, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUTH:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of our communication of yestedy, ordeing anoter brigade north, and in reply to state that the bbrigade is in readiness, and will emabrk as soon as trasortation is ready. General Esston has left this district not to return, and at present we have no trasportation. I would resepctully urge the importance of the arrival of the colored brigade before the bulk of the remaining brigade which is under orders embaks. Its non- arrival in time would gretly embarrass us.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major- General, COmmanding.

47 R R- VOL XLVII, PT II

