
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OFT HE TENNESSEE, Numbers 57.] Randalsville, N. C ., March 9, 1865.

The Fifteenth Army COrps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move to-morrow and cross Rockfish Creek, and the head of column, if possible, across Little Rockfish Creek. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move by the Fayetteville southern plank road, crossing, if possible, with the head of columnm, Little Rockfish Creek. Asection of the pontoon train will move near the head of column of the Fifteenth Army Corps. These headquarters will follow the Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps. By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 9, 1865- 10. 05 p. m.

Captain VAN DYKE,

Assistnat Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that the roads have been rendered almost impassable by the rain of this afternoon and evening, and that we have been unambble to move the divisions as far as was contemplated. General Hazen has two brigades in camp about five miles from lumber River, on the main road to Fayetteville, with his suply train and advcne train in park about three miles back. He cannot move forward his wagons until the road is corduroyed almost the entire way. Night overtook hi srruggling through the swamp. General Smith is now crossing Lumber River, and General logan is back at the river urging him across.

The First s\and Fourth DIvisins, I presume, are in camp on the other side of Lumber River, and cannot cross till daylight. I think it will take all day to- morrow to close the corps up onth line of Randalsville. If it is found that the road via that village is better than ths one, the genreal may send the Third, First, and Furht Divisins by that rute to Fayetteville. THis road is wretched, and is becoming worse at almost every moment.

I am, captin, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX, WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Shoe Heel Creek, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Major WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutnt-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR; I respectfully report that leaving my cmaop at 12 m. to- day, I crossed Jordan's Creek after General John E. Smith, and continued in his rear toward Gilchrist's Bridge over low swmapy roads, made much worse byt ehheavy rains that cme on during the afternoon. At dark my head of column was at Mr. Banks' plantation, four miles from the bridge. Here I found the greater part of the Third DIvisin train just ahead of me in the timber, with roads such as I knew would detain

