
has been done that I or my officers can do, and that with the exception of certain very necessary supplies we are ready. I have on hand forage for to-morrow and the next day. More, it is said, will arrive during the night. My ammunition is short about 80,000 rounds or one-fourth the amount we can carry. This, we are told, is expected momentarily. I also lack several articles of clothing, particularly stockings and pants, but these are also on their way and may arrive at any moment.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTS OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 17, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor most respectfully to request that brevets may be given to the following-named officers of my command for gallant and distinguished services in the field, viz, Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, to be brevet Major-general for long and continued services in this department, uniform bravery, and gallant conduct, particularly at the action of Honey Hill, on 30th of November, 1864, and for valuable and efficient services from that battle up to his occupation of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and the works at Coosawhatchie, Tullifinny, Dawson's Bluff, and Bee's Creek; Brigadier General Edward E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, to be brevet Major-general for long and efficient service in North Carolina; also for his bravery, gallant conduct, and valuable services rendered at the action of Honey Hill, and in all the operations of the Coast Division, under Brigadier-General Hatch, to the occupation of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad and the batteries above-named; Colonel A. S. Hartwell, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier-general for distinguished and valuable service at the action of Honey Hill, where he received three severe wounds.

I earnestly recommend that the above-named officers may be breveted to date from November 30, 1864, the date of the action at Honey Hill, S. C., as a mark of reward to these gallant officers and a compliment to the brave men they command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HILTON HEAD, January 17, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Fort Fisher was taken at 10 p.m. on the 15th by assault; 1,780 well prisoners and 72 guns. Have dispatches for you. I will start with them at once.

FOSTER,

General.

