
marched, following the Second Division, to Laurel Hill; distance, thirteen miles. The roads (three miles and a half of which had to be corduroyed) were in very bad conditin. one brigade (the First) is encamped parllel with the Rockingham road, its right resting upon the Fayeteville road. The other (Second) covers the Rickingham road. The artillery and trains are in rear of the First Brigade. The rear oft the command arrived at camp at 3. 30 o'clock this a. m. Headquarters are on the right of and near the First Brigade.

I am, major, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDWQRS. 4TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERES, In the Field, Lumber Creek, NO. C ., Numbers 38. March 9, 1865.

I. The troops will move to- morrow, the 10th instant, on the Fayetteville road, crossing Lumber Creek. The trains will concentrate near the camp of the Third Brigade. Upon moving from that point the First Brigade will have the advance, the Second Brigade the center, and the Theird Brigade the rear. At daybreak General Rice will move forward with all trains parked in the vinicnity of his command, and will put his whole force at work to hurry them forward to the mill. Colonel Adams will operate with General Rice's brigade, Colonel Hulbut will at daybreak move one regiment back to the mill, armed with axes, and repair the roads from that point towardt he river, in ocnjunction with the pioneer corps.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Randalsville, N. C ., March 9, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeetn Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that there is a road leading from the cross- roadds beyond Raft Swamp to Lumber bridge, which he will direct Giles Smith's division to move on. There is also a road from Donderach to the same point, but it is not as good as the other.

Very respectfully, your obedient serevant,

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 62. On Raft Swamp, N. C., March 9, 1865.

The movement to- morrow will be to Rockfish Creek. The Third Division will move forward at 8 a.m., the First DIvisin will move for ward at daylight, following the route of the Third Division; the Fourth Division will move forward at 7 o'clock, taking the first good crossroad striking across the lower road. The First Michigan Engineers will follow the Fourth DIivision. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infnatry will move forward at 7. 30 a.m.

By commalnd of Major G en. F. [Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistnat Adjutant-General.

