HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near McFarland's Bridge, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistnat Adjutant-Geneal:

MAJOR: In compliance with directions from major- General Slocum, I have the honor to report that I reached McFarland's Bridge last night. I found the bridge badly destroyed. It will take me all day to- day to repair it, and the road on this side, which for three miles is bad. I shall make every effort to get my corps across the river to- day. We are very short of tools for bridge- bulding. The bridge was burned there days ago.

Very resepctuly, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Love's Bridge, S. C., March 9, 1865.

Brevet Major- Geneal WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENRAL: I am directed by the major- genral commanding to say that he will push on with this column to- day as far as Rockfish Creek, and perhaps a short distance beyond. There is a large cavalry force of the enemy in this vicinity, near Solemn Grove. General Slocum directs that when you get across the river you move on without furhe orders. He wishes you to report to him to- night your progress. The pontoon train has been ordered to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servtn,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Buffalo Creek, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Captain R. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Wing:

CAPTAIN: We completed the bridge across the Lumber Creek at 3. 30 p.m. and have been crossing troops since. We had a bride to make across a creek west. The rad on both sids we were obliged to corduroy. The road so far this side of Lumber Creek is of the worst chaaracter. I shall get over all I can to- night and move at daylight in the morning. The heavy rains are delaying everything; there is scarcely a foot of road passable. major Nichols, of General Sherman's staff, was here this aftenoon. The Fifteenth Corps was to enecmp to night at Randalsville Post- Office. I will make all progress I can to- morrow and report in the evening. Please let me know by bearer your probable headquarters to- morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet major- General, Commanding.

