HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Buffalo Creek, N. C., March 9, 1865

This command will move to- morrow toward Fayetteville, N. C., as follows: First Devision will march at 6 o'clock in the mornign on the Fayetteville road, unencumbered. General Jackson will use two brigades to corduroy the road, holding the other as an advance guard. Every point of the road liable to give way will be thoroughly put in order for passage of the trains. General Ward will cover the trains of the First and Third Divisions, moving out as soon as the roasd is made practicable. General Geary will move with his own train, in the rear with one brigade as a rear guard. The pontoon train will be moved to the front of the leading division train as soon as practicable. Each division commander will use all possible menas to bring forward the trains under his chage. The artillery and its train, and the corps supply train, will move in the same order as to- day. The tool wagons of each division will march at the head of the brigade to which they belong. By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Willimas:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

New Berne, March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United Staes, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: Yesteday the enemy assumed the offensive; recrossed Southwest Creek some distane to the left of General Cox's position, and drove back a brigade which was reconoitering of a crossing of the creek, but did not succeed in disturbing the main line. The enemy maintained his grund on tis side of the creek and is now intrenching in Cox's immediate frotn. The loss was not very large on either side. Hoke has been re-enforced by troops from Johnston's army, one further progress until General Couch arrives, which should be within two or three days. Menanwhile Colonel Wright will have all he con do to complete the road to where the troops now are. I inclose a letter just received frjom General Terry giving the latest information of General Sherman* Mr. Richardson is a very relieble man, and rderived his information from a soure he fully credits. I fear General Sherman is finding very bad roads. I sent to-day a dispatch in cipher, to be forearded from Wilmngton, giving him the situation ere, and stating that I did not think it at all certain that I would be able to get Goldsborough before he arries. My belief is that all of Johnston's force will be concentrated here, now that Sherman has turned toward the coast. in that case I will hardly be able to do more than hold my own with my present force. I cannot reduce Terry's command unless I give up the idea of opening the oad from Wilmington- at least, until I know where General Sherman is going. If he moves for Goldsboutough, Hardee, who appears to have been left in rear, will have nothing better to dothan to interfere with Terry's operations. One stemer load of troops have arrived from Savannah, but I have not learned what others may be expected, nor when. These detahcments do not amount to much. Palmer's command, inckuding the fragments brought here by Meagher, are little better than militia. I think more troops could be

---------------

*See Terry to Schofield, March 7, p. 726.

---------------

