
MOREHEAD CITY, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I stopped in at Wilmington on my way here and conferred with General Dodge, and I would be very glad to have him left at that place to carry out my views. In fact, it is very important that he should remain there. I will attend to all matters in this vicinity. Cna I depend on General Dodge remaining at Wilmington!

L. . C EASTON,

Chief Quartmaster.

MOREHEAD CITY, March 9, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD

Commanding Deaprtment of North Carolina:

We are at Morehead City, establishing a grand depot of supplies for all the armies operating under General Sherman, and desire that you direct 1,500 men to report to General Easton, chief quartmaster, for guards and working parties. It is important that the troops report in regiments, with their organizations complete.

L. C. EASTON,

Brigadier-Geneal.

A. BECKWITH,

Brevet Brigadier-Geneal.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Generals EASTON and BECKWITH,

Morehead City, N. C.:

I have received your dispatch asking for 1,500 troops for guards and working parties for the depot at Morehead. it will hardly be possible to furnish so many men at present, but I will order the commanding officer at Morehead to furnish all the men he can, and will give you all you want as soon as possible. I wuld, howeve, suggest the employment of citizens and contraband laborers, so as to lighten the demand for troops.

J. M. CHOFIELD,

Mjaor-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, N. C ., March 9, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Your telegrm recieved. We have employed every citizen and aontraband we can get hold of, and shall continue to do so, but cannot get a suficient number to do the work. We shall call on the troops for labor only when it is absolutely necessay to do so.

L. C. EASTON,

Brigadier- General and Chief Quartemaster.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Wilmington:

General Easton is here and will attend to all matters on this line. You will remain at Wilmington ad carry out his views there.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

