
NEW BERNE, March 9, 1865.

Major-General COX,

In the Field:

I have not yet heard from General Couch, and fear he as not made the progress that was expected. I must get in communication with him as soon as possible and make arrangements to get him across Trent River without delay. I will not go the front to- day unless you have serious work. Please keep me advised.

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major- General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865- 11 a. m.

Mjor - General SHCOFIELD,

New Berne:

No serious work along my line this mroning, thugh the enemy have a line of works where they were yesterday and the skimishng has been lively. They have not made any demonstration beyond my left that I have discovered, but General Palmer reproted abut an hur ago that some force was reported moving across his front toward the Neuse road. His position is not as near the creek as we suipposed yesteday, and he does not command the crossing at the Neuse road, but lnly observes it. I have sent tow regiments over to re- enforce him and await further reports. We are having the greatest difficulty in getting up supplies and ammunition. WIll you please have Colonel Stewart, the commanddnt at new Berne, take precautions to have some vedettes well out on the Neuse road and to keep his comman in as much readiness for any contingency as practicable. I have sent him no warning on the subject as yet.

J. D. COX,

Mjaor-General.

NEW BERNE, March 9, 1865- 1. 40 p. m.

Major-Geneal COX,

Wise's Forks:

I have your dispatch of 11 a. m. General Palmer telegraphed to Colonel Stewart this morning the report of the enemy's movement on the Neuse road, and added, as understood, that the enemy had put a pontoon bridge over Nwuse River. Do yuou know naything of such a report! Colonel Stewart has sent scouts on the Neuse road. Some wagons were sent up this mroning, and I will have more sent as soon as possibel. I hear nothing from General Couch yet.

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major- General.

MARHC 9, 1865- 5. 30 p. m.

Major- General SHCOFIELD,

New Berne:

I do not credit the pontoon- bridge story. Generala Palmer expects definite information shortly and will send it to you. Our righ has been threatened by demaostratiosn, but nothing serious has been attempted. Stovall's brigade of Hardee's troops is with Hoke, besides Witford's brigade. The information on whichthe attack was made yesterday was

