
given by three deserting bounty jumpers. A hundred rebels are reported to be provling somewhere betweent he railroad and the Neuse in our rear. I have a party in cahse.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Berne, March 9, 1865.

Major- General COX:

I have just seen a dispatch from Genela Palmer to the naval commander saying the enemy has a pontoon bridge over Neuse River eleven miles below Kinston, anda sking him to send boats up to destroy it. What is the foundation for tis report! How is it that Geenrl Palmer is arranging such maters with the navl office withuyt reference to yu or me! Yur cavalry can certainly learn the fact whether the enemy is on the Neuse road in a few hurs at most. You are much nearer the point where the enemy is said to be crossing than this place is, and there is but a small squad of cavalry here. It would be well to have your cvalry patrol the river some miles below where you are.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Mjaor-General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865- 12 p. m.

Mjor-General SCHOFIEKD,

New Berne:

I have tried toget reliable informatin as to the rumored pontoon bridge. I put no fiath in the story. General Palmer has been directed to get immediate and explicit information from the cavalry patrols on his flank on Neuse road and forward it to you. He telegraphed the naval offaice on the first report, supposing haste to be necessary. It was an unintentional mistake on his part. Rebel skirmishers very active to- night, but no appearance of serious movement as yet.

J. D. COX,

Mjaor-General.

MERRITT'S HOUSE, March 9, 1865- 3 p. m.

Major THEODORE COX,

Assistnat Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: A scouting party sent out by me on the road leading from McDaniel's to the upper Trent road met a force of cavalry numbering about seventy- five on the Cob road. They mounted and charged my force which consisted of tweny men, but followed the only a short distnce. One bvrass piece was seen in the smae position it occupied yesterday. We were unable to take any prisoners.

Resepctfully,

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Twefth newYork Cavalry.

P. S. - Since writing the above a party sent down the Trent road has returned. It went to Nethercutt's Forks and returned without seeing any indiactions of theenemy.

JAS. W. SAVAGE.

