
WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Cief Engineer, New Berne:

Cannot your constrruction corps put a causeway in a bad plae in the Biddle road this morning! I cannot send back forth purpose, and yet am very desirous of having that cross- road so that I can use it and savae the distance.

J. D. COX,

Major- General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865- Noon.

Captain KIMBALL,

Assistnat Quartemaster, New Berne:

Some ammuitio was to have come up last night in special train. I cannot learn that it came. Two hundred and fifty thosand rounds should be at the Biddle raod station for us. Please see the ordnance offaicer at once, and if it has not gone, send it with least possible delay. Commissary stores should also be there, so that there may be no delay whenever outtemas go there, as we an hardly exist by keeping every wagon going. Watch the forege also. Answer.

J. D. COX,

Mjaor-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Wise's Forks, March 9, 1865- 6. 15 a. m.

Brigadier-Geneal PALMER,

Commanding First Divsion:

There is as yet no apparent cahge of position in the front of this wing. I am anxious to get an early reprot from you. Did you push a picket up the railroad, and if so hw near to the creek! Also what did you send over to the Neuse road, and have you any intellignece from there! If the enemy's force is not gratly increased we can easily maintain our position. But please remember what I urged last evening as to the imperative necessity of wathcin and, if possible, guarding the Neuse road crossing of the creek. Let me know also if you wagoons have come up and what your condition as to supplies is.

Very resepctfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865- 8. 30 a. m.

Brigaider-General PALMER,

Commanding First Divion, DIstrict of Beufort:

GENERAL: Your note is recived. I extremely regret the inconveniences of our position, m but regrd it our duty to maintian it till it becomes manifestly untenbale. Geneal Schofield will be up this morning again. A demonstration of some sort is now being made along this front. This makes it all the more important to wathc your right. Till the wagons return you and we have no means of moving baggage, I suppose. In case of necessity we should, of course, unite all

