
WISE'S FORKS, March 9, 1865-12 p. m.

Brigadier-General PALMER:

The alarm about our cavalry on the left turns out to be baseless. Please have the signal officer pas sth word down the line. I send a dispatch from General Schofield. * Please telegraph him, and inform me also what report you get from tne Neuse road about the supposed pontoon bridge. You will see that an application to the naval commander should properly be made through district or department headquartes, as General S. suggests, but I am well aware that your idea was simply to save time. I think the rumor of the brigade must be unfounded, but we must now have definite and reliable inforamation to give General S.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding Second and Thid Divs., Twenty-third Army Corps.

GENERAL: I have heard nothing from you yet, and fear that you may have been unable to make as rapidl progress as was expected. General Cox finds the enemy in pretty strong force in his front, and will be unable to make any further progress until you arrive. It is important that you make as good time as you can, but this I know you will do. I watn you to cross Trenth River at or near Trenton. Do not try to head the stream, as was contemplated before you started. That would carry you to far to the left under present circumstances. I think you can easily bridge the river a short distance above Trenton, but as a further security I will send some flats up to Trenton in time to meet you there if I hear from you in time.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

P. S. -If you do not hear from me again, after crossing Trent River take to the right Kinston road, keeping east of Beaver Creek, and march for Wise's Forks, which is near the railroad and about a mile this side of Southwest Creek. General Cox is now there.

CAMP, SEVEN MILES WEST OF ONSLOW AND THIRTEEN SOUTH OF RICHMONDS,

March 9, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I arrived here this evening in good condition. The bridge over Southwest Branch having been destroyed, has given us some little trouble. I will encamp near Richlands to-morrow night, and from thence shall proceed by the shortest road as laid down on your map. One company South Carolina has picketed around Onslow and Richlands, four of which were to-day captured by Twining. Hoke is reported as moving north via Kenansville. The heavy rain of to-night may retard my wagons somewhat.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 748.

---------------

