
CITY POINT, VA., March 10, 1865-8. 20 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Schofield has been apparently slow in getting started, on account of unprecedented storms and bad wather. There has been but little time when vessels could run in over the bar, and, consequently, he was without trasnportation and could go no farther than men could carry rations to supply them. When he wrote, however, his wagons were arriving and he was going to start without waiting for full supplies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 10, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following is taken from the Richmond Exminer of to-day:

VICTORY IN NORTH CAROLINA.

One thousand five hundred prisoners captured. The following official dispatch was received yesterday, announcing a victory to our arms in North Carolina:

"Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRDIGE,

"Secretary of War:

"General Bragg reports that he attacked the enemy yesterday, four miles in front of Kinston, N. C., and drove him from his position. he disputed the ground obstinately, and took a new line three miles from his first. We captured three pieces of artillery and 1,500 prisoners. The number of the enemy's dead and wounded left on the field is large; ours comparatively small. The troops behved most handsomely, and Major-Generals Hill and Hoke exhibited their accustomed zeal and gallantry.

"R. E. LEE. "

Kinston, near which place the fight occurred, is situated on the direct route from Goldsborough to New Berne, and is about twenty miles east of Goldsborough and about thirty from New Berne. It is supposed that this force of the enemy was advancing from New Berne against Goldsborough for the purpose of cutting the railroad at that point. It is not probable after this repulse that the enemy will attempt to advance, and it is likely we shall next hear of them falling back upon New Berne or changing their course to some other point of the compass. This movement of the enemy was evidently designed to be co-operative with Sherman, and in this light and at this juncture it may be of great value to us in embarrassing the movements of Sherman.

* * * *

FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.

We saw last evening an officer from South Carolina. He reports that the enemy have completely devastated the country which they have passed. They have not spared a single house along their track, and have wreaked their vengeance upon the State with a most savage and murderious spirit. They have shown no mercy to either sex, and have spared nothing on their march which could be devoured by fire and sword. We are told the people have no conception of the conduct of Sherman's army, and the widespread destruction and the infamous excesses they have committed. In another column will be found an account of Sherman's burning of Colubmia, which we get from a Southern paper kindly furnished us by the same officer. We regret toi learn that Colonel Aiken, of General Butler's (South Carolina) cavalry, was killed in a skirmish near --- last Friday evening. Major Barker, assistant adjutant-general of General Hampton's staff, was wounded at the same time, but no dangerously.

* * * *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

48 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

