HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Davis' Bridge, March 10, 1865-11. 20 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have reached Davis' Bridge. It is partially destroyed, but can soon be repaired. There is some water on the other side, but the bottom seems to be hard. General G. A. Smith could not find a good right-hand road, and will come up to the bridge, where he will take a good road on this side of the creek leading to the plank road. The road General Smith is moving on is pretty bad, but he is repairing it. the bridge train and my headquarters will be at this point to-night. It is thirteen miles from this place to Fayetteville.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Bethel Church, Twenty-six Miles from Fayetteville,

March 10, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Yours of 11. 20 is just received. The heavy rain last night caught Hazen's train in a swamp, and he has had to corduroy five miles, and his train is not yet up. Corse is behind him just on this side of Lumber River. I will come on in the morning as fast as possible, but you may go on in the morning ready to support Sloucm, who reports that he will be ready to go into Fyaetteville to-morrow. I have no doubt Johnson will try and get some troops to oppose, and it is well for us to anticipate his preparations, and, therefore, you may push so as to threaten the town on the southwest. Let Blair take from the plank road to the river; the two divisions of the Fifteenth on the direct road, communicating with Williams on the left, but let Slocum break into town. I will send a staff officer to him at daylight with orders to shove right in and push for the bridge. I think if the enemy fights us with a bridge to his rear he commits a mistake of which we must take immediate advnatage. If any cause delays me, have prepartions made at once to cross over to the east bank of Cape Fear below the town, but we will pause thereabouts till we can get some real news from Wilmington. You may send any number of messengers to convey the intelligence that we are hereabouts, all well, and bound for Goldsborough, unless necessity forces us toward Wilmington. I regret that this column has lost this day, but it seems inevitable.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Davis' Bridge, N. C., March 20, 1865-4. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have just heard from General Blair. He found his bridge destroyed, but hinks he can build another without the aid of the pontoons. The plank road is a very good one. I have crossed General G. A. Smith, who repaired the bridge over the creek at this point, as I found the road on this side too bad. he is not yet entirely

