
my column to Johnson's plantation, where I arrived at 9. 30 p. m. At this time I received a report that the bridge across Juniper Creek had sunk, cutting off my supply and ordnance trains and two brigades infantry which could not possibly reach me befor edaylight. Under these circumstances I thought it expedient not to attempt to march farther, and therefor eplaced the advance brigade, and the trains with it, in bivouac at the last-named plantation, and the remainder of my command in camp near Juniper Creek. The labors and exposure of the men on this march were sevee in the extreme, and they could not have placed less than four miles of corduroy and marched a distance of twelve miles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to move your command at an early hour to-morow morning in rear of the Second Division, well closed up on that command. You will please move as far in the direction of Fayetteville as you can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, McNeil's Plantation, N. C., Numbers 39. March 10, 1865.

I. The movement of this division for to-morrow, the 11th instant, will be as follows: The First Brigade in advance, the Second dbrigade in center, and the Third Brigade in the rear. trains to ove from Bethel Church in the same order as heretofore. In commencing the march to-morrow, the following directions will be observed in order that the command may be closed up upon arriving at Bethel Church, and at the same time no delay occasioned, viz: All trains and the battery at this point will move at 5 a. m. sharp on direct Fayetteville road through Bethel Church. At 5. 30 a. m. Colonel Adams will move with his command or directly in rear of the trains to same point, and at 6 a. m. Colonel Hurlbut will move his command by same route, closing up the entire column. At 7. 30 a. m., or as soon as the trains from this point shall arrive, General Rice will move from Bethel Church on Fayetteville road. At Bethel Church, the traisn and battery will take the position assigned them in the column, and in such a manner as not to delay the movement. With exception of two regiments in advance, and two in rear, the troops will march by the side and to the right of battery and train, i. e., from Bethel Church.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

