HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,McNeill's Plantation, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General E. W. RICE,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The ordnance and supply trains of the division have been ordered to cross to Bethel Church. As soon as they shall be well drawn out, you will follow with your brigade and its train, moving to that point and taking command of all troops and trains of the division which you may find there. You will see that the trains are closely parked and securely pciekted. Besides your command there will be the Twlefth and Fiftieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers. you will probably not be able to move before 9 p. m. Please ascertain when the trains shall have passed, in order that no time may be lost. The Sixty-sixth Indiana has been ordred on from the place where they were at work, and are in camp at the church.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Davis' Bridge, March 10, 1865-1. 45 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Have just arrived at the bridge and the find General Giles A. Smith across the stream with his troops, and his train will commence crossing in an hour. Just after I left General Howard to go to you, General Smith came up, and after reconnoitering the swamp half a mile from this point on cross-road, decieed that it was impracticable to cross train without making a bridge several hundred feet in length, and that it would be impossible to reach the plank road to-night, and as General Hazen was a long distance in the rear, and he had the road all to himself, concluded to cross his division here. About two miles from Davis' Bridge, on the other side of the creek, their eis a right-hand road that intersects palnk road some three and a half or four miles from your crossing. General Smith will take this road at an early hour in the morning, and will probably swing in ahead of your orther divisions. I trust this will prove satisfactory to you. It would be impossible for General Smith to get on the plank road by the cross-road on west side of creek to-night, and by crossing at this bridge he will be able to take advance of your command to-morrow. An order has been sent to Michigan Engineers to report to you at once, as you desired.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. STRONG,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Captain A. M. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and ARmy of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: My First Divisions are in camp here. The bridge over Rockfish Creek is burned, but I shall have it rebuilt to-night.

