
the batteries and train the rest will be turned over to Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Joel, chief quartermaster Seventeenth Army Corps, to be disposed of as the major-general commanding may direct. All led horses must be kept in their placed in the column. Provost-marshals of divisions will patrol their line of march with a detachment of mounted men, and they will arrest and dimsounted all mounted men found way from the line of march, unless they are regularly detailed foragers with their officers and complying with this order. Where division commanders deem it necessary they may send a detachment of infantry under charge of a good officer to forage on the flank. They will not be permitted to go in advance of the colun or to a greater distance thena five miles to the flank. These men will not be allowed, under any circumstances, to seaprate or to enter houses, and the officer in charge will be held to strict accountability for their acts. Provost-marshals will arest all men other [than] these, found away from their commands. All officers are charged with the execution of this order and will arrest any men found violating it. The inspector-general's department will see that none but persons authorized are mounted. Division commanders may retain such number of unserviceable animals as they may wish to mount their foot-sore men on.

* * * *

IV. The movement to-morrow will be to Fayeteville. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move forward as directed by General Howard on the road he is now on the Fayetteville, communicating with the major-general commanding when he reaches Little Rockfish Creek. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward at 7 a. m. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division. The First Regiment Michigan Engineers, Colonel J. B. Yates commanding, will follow the Fourth Division. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move from Rockfish Fatory at 7 o'clock.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Captain CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps:

I have just heard from my supply train and I find that it will not be able to reach this point before 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, as the most of it, together with one brigade of troops, is still on the other side of creek, about seven miles back. Shall I take the advance to-morrow?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. In the Field, N. C., March 10, 1865.

This command will move forward at 8. 30 a. m. to-morrow, following the First Division. The Second Brigade, Colonel G. F. Wiles, commanding,

