
will have the advance, moving troops on the right of the road. The First Brigade, Colonel C. Fairchild commanding, will follow the Second Brigade, detailing one regiment for rear guard. Artillery and trains in usual order.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rockfish Creek, March 10, 1865.

Major General O. O. HOWARD:

SIR: Bummers report that they have been within two or three miles of Fayetteville. All citizens report no force there. A factory operative, who voluntarily came in, says he left here at 11 o'clock yesterday. There were only a few hundred soldiers there then. They were moving away marchinery on the Coalfield or Western Railroad. The citizens told him that Hardee's army would be there to-day, but he thinks they have left for Raleigh. The Fourteenth Corps are reported on another plank road five miles to our left. I should like to go in to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

DAVIS' BRIDDGE, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Major General GILES A. SMITH:

GENERAL: Your disatch received. General Blair has been directed to push you straight on, at least as far as Little Rockfish Creek, where the roads are very near each other. General Sherman has particuarly requested that I will not push my wing into Fayetteville. You will therefore halt in the suburbs of the city. The arsenal is south of the town. General Slocum is expected to march in to-morrow. If you do not get other orders from General Blair you may push on the 6. 30 a. m. and repair the bridge over the next creek (Little Rockfish). I will join you there in person.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Rockfish Creek, March 10, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report my command all snugly in camp on the norhteast side of Rockfish Creek. If I am not order into Faytteville in the morning I shall strike your road about two miles from your bridge. I can start at any hours you may direct, so as to ge tahead of the column. Prisoners brought in report no enemy in fayetteville. A factory operative who left there at 11 o'clock yesterday says there were not over 200 or 300 men there. They were expecting Hardee's troops there this morning, but he thinks they have all gone to Raleigh. There were no new works there but they were moving machinery away on the Coalfield or Western Railroad. Bummers report the Fourteenth

