
Corps encamped on another plank road about five miles to our left. I should like to take Fayetteville in the morning, porovided Generals Blair and Hardee were willing. I do not believe there is much force there. The Fifteenth Corps are not up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General G. A. SMITH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I have referred your communication of this evening to the major-general commanding, and he directs me to say that General Shrman wishes the Left Wing to enter Fayetteville first, but if we meet any resistance we can drive them and take possession. Therefore, should the enemy oppose your movement, you may tak efyaetteville if you can. I think the right wing of this corps will be before you. That, however, will not prevent your inscribing "Fayetteville" on your banners. Should you find no opposition you will halt before reaching the city and await ordes. You will move on the road you are now on, communicating with us at Little Rockfish and at any other place you may think proper. The information you have coincides with what prisoners that we have taken say. I send you a duplicate of the order for to-morrow. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raft Swamp, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The heavy rain of last night caught the column with which I am in the swamp, which is bottomless and has to be clared and corduroyed for miles to let the trains and artillery pass. The Seventeenth Corps is now at Rockfish Creek and will have time to repair the bridges and push into Fayetteville to-morrow, Saturday. I want you to go in first. This you can do in your own way, but General Howard will have the Seventeenth Corps and two divisions of the Fifteenth near enough to support. Do all that is possible to secure the bridge across Cape Fear, but if, as I suppose will be the case, the enemy burn it, effect a lodgment at once across and make a pontoon bridge with a brigade across intrenched. We will await there some days. Destroy nothing till I meet you, unless there be specail reason that you know I will approve. I will tray and be near you bu sunset. Should it be that Johnston has resolved to defend Fayetteville with a alrge force, it is to our interest, and you can engage his attention on the north and northwest, whilts General Howard closes in to the southwest. Avoid intrenchments, but make haste to prevent the making of them. I

---------------

*See paragraph IV, p 761.

---------------

