
send you this message which may seem superfluous, but I am with troops delayed by the swamp and cannot afford to leave anything to chance. I have sent messengers and orders to wilmington. I set much store on a lodgment east of Cape Fear River, and would advise your having the pontoons convenient. The weather is now clearing away, and will give us, I hope, some days of sunshine. Our roads here are swampy in the extreme, but yours, I hope, have proven better.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commading.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Sixteenth Miles from Fayetteville, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command to-day to this side of Little Rockfish Creek (at the Ten Mile Post), get your divisions and trains together, and await the arrival of the Twentieth Corps. He thinks you will not get farther than that point to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ODERS, Thirteenth Miles from Fayetteville, N. C., Numbers 20. March 10, 1865.

The advance will be resumed to-morrow as follows: General Baird (directing his quartermaster to report his trains to General Carlin) will move forward unencumbered upon the Fayetteville road at 6 a. m. General Carlin, taking charge of the transportation of the advance division, will move at 7 a. m. General Morgan, with the reserve artillery, &amp;c., will follow General Carlin.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Fourteen-Mile Post, N. C., March 10, 1865-7 p. m.

Captain WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my command in camp. I reached General Kilpatrick's headquarters, in accordance with instructioins from corps headquartes transmitted through you, at 10 this a. m. At his urgent request I remained with him until 2 this p. m. The engagement this morning was one of considrable magnitute, resulting in the discomfiture of the rebel forces after they had occupied Kilpatrick's camp. Prisoners wee taken from six diffeent brigades, w hose testimony is concurrent to the effect that the whole rebela rmy is straining every nerve to reach Fayetteville before our forces can do so. Prisoners captured in the charge this morning also say that two divisions

