
of their army were still in their rear. To-night I caputred a prisoner who claims to belong to Rhett's division, and that it was marching on a road to our left, and he (the prisoner) through it was less than a mile off. If this is true Kilpatrick will strike it to-night, as he is on the Chicken road, immediately on our left.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S. -I tried to find the general's headquarters this evening, but failed to do so.

M.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt., General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I left Buffalo Creek a mile east of Lumber Creek this morning, and after corduroying every foot of the ten miles to this poitn reached here at 3. 30 p. m. I find this creek and overflow at least 300 feet broad, with a depth of from three to eight feet. I have the pontoon train up, and shall have a bridge ready by daylight. I have never seen so spongy and treacherous a road as to-day. If made of jelly it could not have been less firm. A dispatch from General Slocum this morning says the Fourteenth Corps expected to encmap to-night on Little Rockfish Creek. My messenger says its train was strentched out for ten miles behind the camp of last night. My train is well up. I send some newspapers. Firing was heard this morning on our left front, probably from our cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 10, 1865.

This command will march toward Fayetteville to-morrow, as follows: Third Division, Second Division, First Division. General Ward will start at 6 a. m., and will march the troops of his division in the advance, and will repair the roads. He will send three regiments ahead to Nicholson's Creek to prepare the crossing there. General Geary will follow the Third Division, and will cover his own train and that of the Third Division. General Jackson will detail three regiments as rear guard. The tool wagons of ech brigade of the Third Division will accompany their respective brigades. The artillery will have the same positions in the column as in the march of to-day. that portion of the pontoon train which is not used in the construction of the bridge at this point will march at the head of the trains of the Third Division, starting at 6 a. m. The balance of that rain will follow as soon as the corps shall have passed the bridge.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

