
NEW BERNE, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Colonel N. W. DAY,

Third Brigadier, Third Div., Nineteenth Army Corps, Morehead:

Make arrangmeents with General Easton or the harbor master to get your command on shore in the most feasible way. You will then come with it to this place unless otherwise ordred.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadie-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Berne, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer U. S. Military Railroads:

COLONEL: I have just received a telegram from Major-General Schofield directing me to bring up all troops from Morehead, and to use all railroad transportation for that purpose and for the purpsoe of carrying stores tot he front. He also says all other work may be stopped for a day or two. I send this for your information, not knowing whether he has given you any orders on the subject.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

NEW BERNE, March 10, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General COX:

I have received your dispatch of 9. 12 p. m.,* also General Palmer's of 12. 50 a. m., giving the source of his information about the pontoon bridge and of the enemy's movement down the Neuse road yesterday. It does seem to me that our cavalry ought to know certainly of any actual movement of the enemy on the neuse road, and also whether they have a pontoon bridge below the mouth of Southwest Creek. It might be well to send the main portion to progect your left against any movement in force, though I have heard nothing from him. You night also put a reliable regiment or two of infantry on that road to give you certain information of the enemy's movements, and detain him until you could make dispositions to meet him or fall back, as might seem necessary.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

New Berne:

Nothing new this morning. The skirmishing is continuous and very like that before New Hope Church. Night alarms are frequent. The enemy shows no seirous disposition to commit himself to an extended movement, and my impression is strong that he will continue substantially on the defensive. There is no pontoon bridge below Kinston. I doubt if there is one there. Deserters say that one division (Johnsons')

---------------

*Reference is probably to dispatch of 12 p. m., March 9. See p. 748.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

