
Dawson's Landing. -Good landing; open, hard ground; no woods or marsh; two bridges of about fifteen feet each not far from landing. You can go round the bridges. The bottom is hand. Battery with two guns, one a 32-pounder, near the house.

From Coosawhatchie to Grahamville. -No batteries on railroad.

From Boyd's Neck to Coosawhatchie and Grahamville. -From landing to cross-roads, two and a quarter miles; on Coosawhatchie road, from cross-road to Newhall Church, about one mile and a half; two small earth-works across the road, one on either side of the Newhall Church; from Newhall Church to the swamp, Bee Creek, a mile and a half. Two hundred yards from swamp, Bee Creek, toward the cross-roads, is a battery covering also the Grahamville and Coosawhatchie road. On the 5th of December there were in this battery two 6-pounders and one 12-pounder. There is a cross road from the Boyd's Neck to the Grahamville road before reaching this battery. The road leading from the cross-roads to Grahamville is disused and partly overgrown. From battery at fork of the roads to Grahamville is five miles from Grahamville, is a stout Little battery. From cross-roads to the church where the road turns to Grahamville is one mile (rather more). From church to Honey Hill is three miles. At Honey Hill is battery with no guns permanently in it; infantry intrenchments in woods on either side of battery; battery 500 yards from sharp turn of the road in densely wooded country (Captain Gourand, aide-de-camp); 200 yards (Colonel Gurney, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York); battery on thirty feet rise of ground (Brigadier General E. E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, Colonel Gurney); from battery at Honey Hill to Grahamville two miles; no battery between Honey Hill and Grahamville.

Grahamville. -In September no work at Grahamville; in July eight companies of cavalry and battery of Artillery; in September Captains Peeples' and Howard's companies of cavalry and Lieutenant Johnson's section of rifled brass guns, the same which were used at Chimney Point.

From Grahamville to Savannah River. -No batteries between Grahamville and Ferebeeville. On the road leading from Ferebeeville to the Coosawhatchie and Bluffton road are two works, one on each side of the road, about three miles from Ferebeeville. At New River is a good railroad bridge 150 yards long. At Hardeeville in August, 1864, was a battery of Artillery. At Bluffton in September, 1864, was Captain Kirkland's cavalry company and some Artillery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 5. Hilton Head, S. C., January 17, 1865.

A military tax of one per sent will be levied on all goods brought into this department, except the District of North Carolina, for the purpose of trade, on and after this date. The value of such goods will be determined by the invoices passed though the custom-house at Hilton Head. The fund accruing from this tax shall be used for the purpose of providing steam and other fire engines, repairing wharves, roads, public buildings, and other necessary civil expenses for the several cities and towns within the limits of this department. Lieutenant Colonel James H. Strong, First North Carolina Union Volunteers, is hereby detailed to attend to the collection and disbursement of this fund, under the direction of the Major-general commanding. Lieutenant Colonel S.

