
of Hood's old command is with Hoke, and some vaguely talk of more. The wagons sent up will be very acceptable. Will Major Wherry please see the ordnance officer at New Berne and direct him to keep a non-commissioned officer at the upper railroad station, with at least 100,000 rounds of cartridges ahead all the time. He should have a tarpaulin and keep the boxes right side up. Part of that sent yesterday got wet. The led horses are still at the end of the railroad. Shall I keep them there?

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

New Berne:

My cavalry went down the Trenth road yesterday to the forks, about on emile and a half this side of Trenton. Heard nothing of General Couch. No rebels on the lower Trent road, but rebel cavalry in small parties were on the upper (northern) Trent road. I have ordred them to go into Trenton to-day.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

U. S. STEAMER AGAWAM,

New Berne, March 10, 1865-2 p. m. (Sent 4 p. m.)

Major-General COX:

An expeition under Lieutenant-Commander Thornton has started up the Neuse-the Ella May, Shrapnel, and eight armed launches and cutters. Please open communication with Captain Thornton if possible, that he may be able to operate intelligently.

A. C. RHIND,

Commander and Senior Officer.

(Same to General I. N. Palmer.)

WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865.

Captain KIMBALL,

Assistant Quartermaster, New Berne:

The gang of laborers to unload trains at end of railroad should have a through overseer to make them unload the cars whenever they arrive. The railroad men complain of great delays, trains being delayed all night.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865.

Captain AUSTIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Morehead City:

It is very important the wagon train of General Ruger's division be unloaded at once. We are suffering for need of it, and cannot possibly spare fighting men from the front now. Please have it done without delay.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding District.

