
WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865-5. 20 p. m.

Brigadier-General PALMER:

See that are well prepared as to ammunition, both for cannon and small-arms. IF you have one day's rations send for more ammunition. It will be up by train to-night. The rebels may, and probably will, try us again to-morrow. I wish you had another hundred thousand rounds. Pay the closest attention to your picketing and push scouts forward on the railroad so that yous hall know certainly if any force passes to your right during the night or in the morning; so also as to the Neuse road. Run no risk of having that regiment cut off. The force under Couch we hope to see to-morrow and the word now is to hang on with the utmost tenacity, no matter what odds is against us. We whipped them handosmely to-day, ad if they attack to-morrow they must be served the same way. Let your staff see for themselves that the picket and outpost duty is well done.

Yours,

J. D. COX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,March 10, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX,

Commanding, Wise's Cross-Roads:

GENERAL: A man in Kinston, in whom I trust implicitly, has just sent a negro man to me, to inform me that a re-enforcement of about 6,000 men under General Lee (S. D., I presume) is to arrive at Kinston this afternoon or to-night, and that we must be on the lookout for them.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

GUM SWAMP, March 10, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Colonel SAVAGE:

You must get scouts through to General Couch at speed, saying that I have been attacked to-day by Lee's corps and other troops, but have repulsed them. Still his presence at the earliest moment, and by forced marches, is very important. General Schofield is here and directs that he take the shortest and quickest route to this point without regard to his dispatch, dated last evening. This word must go through to-night if horse flesh will carry it.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 10, 1865.

General COUCH:

Move right for this place by the shortest route and by a forced march. Cox has been fighting heavily to-day and has repulsed the enemy so far.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

