SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 54. Wilmington, N. C., March 10, 1865.

* * * *

V. Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, having reported at this point with a portion of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will immediately proceed to Morehead City, and report to the commanding officer of that place. If that officer has no orders for him from the department commander Colonel Richardson will communicate with General Schofield by telegraph or specail messenger without delay.

* * * *

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

CHAS. H. GRAVES,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON, Numbers 9. Wilmington, N. C., March 10, 1865.

I. The detachment of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, now serving at this post, will proceed at once to Fort Fisher and report to Major F. W. Prince, commanding post, for assignment to duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

II. Captain O. W. Beach, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Fort Caswell. Captain Beach will also perfor the duties of provost-marshal of the post.

III. Captain Morris F. Sheppard, Sixteenth New York Heavy ARtillery, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Smithville. Captain Sheppard will also perform the duties of provost-marshal of the post.

IV. In accordance with instructions from Major-General Schofield, commanding Department of North Carolina, the present garrisons of Fort Caswell and Smithville are hereby relieved and will report to their proper commanders immediately.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. R. Hawley:

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 10, 1865.

Captain O. W. BEACH,

Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Commanding Fort Caswell:

SIR: You have been appointed to the command of Fort Caswell and vicinity, with the powers also of an assistant provost-marshal. The brigadier-general commanding the district wishes you to have at least 150 rifles in your command. You will keep the fort in as good condition as possible and defend it to the last. Keep the public property in good order. Permit no civilian or out sider to enter except under the strictest supervision. Agree with Captain Sheppard at Smitheville and Major Prince upon a serie of plain signal sthat shall signify the approach of the enemy, need of assistance, &amp;c. You might use guns, rockets, &c. A telegraph line runs from Fort Fisher to Wilmington.

