
Captain Sheppard will not be expected to hazard the loss of his command by too prolonged a resistance against greatly superior forces, though he will hold the place, if possible. Should he plainly see that he must leave it he will take to the boats and report to you at Fort Caswell. Make your reports to headquarters; the field return daily and the tri-monthly on the 8th, 18th, and 28th of each month. Keep headquarters advised of anything new; a provost-marshal's report regualrly also. You are authorized to administer the oath of allegiance, keeping a full record of each and reporting. Receive such instructions as the officer you relieve may turn over. Report as soon as you can the condition [in] which you find affairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 1o, 1865.

Catp. M. F. SHEPPARD,

Sixteenth New York Heavy Arty., Commanding Post at Smithville:

SIR: You have been assigned to the command of Smithville, charged also with the duty of assistant provost-marshal. Take good care of all public property. Put the place in condition for defense. Do not permit your men to occupy houses, but make them comfortable in tents. Permit no straggling, and keep your picket watchful. If troubled at all it would be a sudden dash and an attempt to surprise patrol. If you put your defenses in good order and post your artillery advantageously, you ought to be able to repulse a much larger force. I wish you to have at least 150 effective men. Agree with Captain Beach at Caswell and Major Prince at Fort Fisher, upon a series of plain signals that shall signify of the approach of the enemy, needed assistance, &amp;c. You might use guns, rockets, &c. Telegraph line runs from Fort Fisher to Wilmington. I do not expect you to lose your command by a resistance to the last extremity. Keep all the boats in good order, and if not too heavily pressed take to them and go to Caswell, which is to be defended at all hazards. Have a talk with the naval commander near you. Secure captured, abandoned, and confiscated property. You are authorized to administer the oath, keeping full records, and reporting. Make daily field returns, sending them up as you have oppportunity. Send your tri-montholy on the 8th, 18th, and 28th of each month. Keep but a moderate supply of stores of any kind on hand.

By order of Brigadier-General Hawley:

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 10, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant has been submitted to the Secretary of War, and he directs me to say, in reply, that matters of trade in the Department of the South will be regulated by General Sherman's Field Orders, Numbers 13, January 15, 1865, and such other instructions as he may give. Treasury Department permits to individuals are to be regarded only so far as the instructions of the War

