
Department 4 and of Generals Grant and Sherman allow or direct trade under them to be carried on. And the President has directed that any permit signed by himself shall be considered in the same light. In other words, trade permits of all kinds must be held suboridnately to military exigencies, and in no case must be used as a means of furnishing the enemy with either funds or supplies. In regard to the kind or character of the permits required by the Treasury Department for the shipment of produce, &amp;c., from blockaded ports, I am directed to say that that is a matter which concerns the shippers and the Treasury agents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Savannah, Ga., March 10, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: A questio having ariesen as to proper construction of Special Field Orders, Numbers 13, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, in the field, dated Savannah, Ga., January 15, 1865, (paragraph VI), it is hereby directed that until further orders said paragraph will be taken to prohibt any purchase, direct or indirect, by any other person than a U. S. Treasury agent of any cotton or any claims thereto. This construction will be enforced by the military authorities having jurisdiction.

I am, very respectfully,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

By J. D. WEBSTER.

(In the absence of the major-general.)

[Indorsement.]

Furnish without delay an official copy of this order to psot and district commanders for their information and guidance.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 60. Hilton Head, S. C., March 10, 1865.

I. The Thirty-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops is hereby assigned to duty in the District of Florida, and will report at once to Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, Jacksonville, Fla. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. In accordance with paragraph VII, of Special Field Orders, Numbers 13, dated headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, in the field, Savannah, Ga., January 15, 1865, Colonel B. C. Tilghman, Third U. S. Colored Troops, is hereby appointed post commander at Jacksonville, Fla., and Major Henry Allen as post commander at Saint Augustine, Fla. These officers will proceed at once to enter upon the discharge of their duties.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

