HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 10, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to request instructions as to what disposition, if any, shall be made of property in this city which has been brought in by blockade-runners. It is generally in second hands, although there may be some cases where it is held for the bneefit of the importers. I am endeavoring, as far as possible, to carry out the same policy with regard to cotton as was adopted in Savannah. There is, however, some rosin, turpentine, and tobacco undboutedly brought here for shipment. No instructions having been received on the subject, I have directed it to be seized when found, stored and held, subject to further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Defenses of Charleston:

GENERAL: The Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers will not be longer required for the defense of the Neck. The brigadier-general commanding suggests that it be so placed as to enable its commander to visit without much trouble all the different comapnies. The general also directs me to inform you that Colonel C. H. Van Wyck's brigade will be ordered to Mount Pleasant, which will enable you to withdraw from that place the force you may hve there.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 10, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel COOPER,

107th New York [Ohio] Volunteers:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you embark your regiment on the gun-boat Sonoma, which will come up to the dock for them. You will on arriving at Georgetoiwn report to the commanding officer of that place for assignment to duty. No hroses can be taken on board the gun-boat, and it is not thoguht advisable to ship any horses to that place, as there are plenty of captured animals there. If, however, you should desire to send your horses up by a transport, a written application to do so must be sent in to the these headquarters certifying that all re private property.

Yours, very respectfully,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

