HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the brigade commanded by Colonel C. H. Van Wyck be stationed at Mount Pleasant for the present.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 11, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have just received a letter from General Gillmore stating that he had ordered two brigades of Grover's command to Cape Fear River, but that he had transports for only one. * In the meantime General Webster protests, as chief of Sherman's staff, against sending any more troops north until you were again consulted. I do not know by what authority General Webster pretends to act in this matter for General Sherman during his absence. General Gillmore thinks that the troops can be spared, but says your decision will probably reach him by the time he can get transports for the scond brigade. What shall I say?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., March 11, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

If General Webster gives no better reason than his simple protest against the removal of troiops north from the Department of the South, I would have the order renewed. There is no necessity for detaining one brigade until transports are ready for the whole command sent. Instruct Gillmore that if Sherman strikes the seacoast at any other point than Wilmington before the execution of this transfer of troops there they will join wherever he may be.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., March 11, 1865.

(Received 10 a. m. 14th.)

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Dispatch received from General Sherman. He will be at Fayetteville on the 11th; all well. Have sent boat up Cape Fear River to communicate with him, if possible. If detained at

Fayetteville on account of recent rains I shall send him supplis by boat. You will hear satisfactory news from him soon.

G. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See March 6, p. 709.

---------------

