
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL, DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., Numbers 28. March 11, 1865.

I. The Righit Wing. Major General O. O. Howard commanding, will cross Cape Fear River as soon as possible and take roads leading toward Faison's Station, on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, but will not depart from the river until further notice.

II. The Left Wing, Major General H. W. Slocum commanding, will hold the town of Fayetteville, and he will lay his pontoons ready to cross the river, but in the meantime will destroy all railroad property, all shops, of actories, tanneries, &amp;c., and all mills save one water-mill of sufficient capacity to grind meal for the people of Fayetteville.

III. The cavalry is charged with destroying the railroad trestles, depots, mills, and factories as far up as lower Little River, including its bridge, and will be prepared to cross to the east of Cape Fear River during Monday night.

IV. Bvt. Colonel O. M. Poe is charged with the utter demolition of the arsenal building and everything pertainign to it, and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel T. G. Baylor, chief ordnance officer, is charged with the destruction of all powder, and ordnance stores, including guns and small-arms, keeping the usual record. The time allowed will be Sunday and Monday.

V. All commanding officers having refugee families or negroes in charge will prepare a trainw ith a small guard to proceed to Wilmington; after crossing South River an officer will be detailed from these headquarters to conduct them to Wilmington. A guard of 100 men of each wing composed of men entitled to discharge or escaped soldiers and officers will be deemed a sufficient guard.

VI. The army will preapre to lean toward the northeast by Tuesday next.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Little Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army and Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Corse has just come to my headquarters from Rockfish Creek, and represents that it will be impossible for him to cross his trains without endangering his ammunition and hard bread, unless the stream is bridged, and as it is of considerable width and deth and would delay the column until late in the morning to attempt to construct a bridge, I have ordered General Corse to put in the three pontoon boats now with this column, connecting them with the shore, in order that the three divisions with their trains still on the other side of the stream may cross over as speedily as possible. I have the honor to invite your attention to the inclosed copy of my order to the commanding officer of the section of the pontoon train. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

