HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Little Rockfish Creek, N. C., March 11, 1865.

[Captain A. M. VAN DYKE:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date relative to the position the several divisions of my corps occupied last night, and in reply thereto would respectfully inform you that the First Division encamped two miles beyond Randalsville, on the Fayetteville road, with the Third Division in rear, near Randalsville. Two brigades of the Second Division, with Major-General Hazen's headquarters, moved across the creek near Bethel Church, the regiments being distributed along the road corduroying it prpearatory to to-day's movement, encmapign wherever night overtook them. General Hazen's supply train only succeeded in getting through the swamp beyond his old headquarters at about 8 p. m., going into park at Bethel Church. General Hazen's headquarters were moved about one mile. The Fourth Division was I camp the other side of Raft Swamp, with strong working parties out all night repairing the road through the swamp, and although General Hazen's train had pulled through, after nearly a day's work in corduroying, General Corse had to build three bridges-one sixty feet in length-besides much other work. General Woods broke camp at an early hour this morning and moved to Rockfish Creek, and is now going into camp near my headquarters, about six miles from town, having made a march of nineteen miles. General Corse and General Smith are in camp near General Woods, on the other side of Rockfish Creek. My headquarters last night were near the advance regiments of General Hazen's command, and are to-night with that division.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

By MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Signed in temporary absence of the major-general commading.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nelson's Post-Office, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that in obedience to orders received from the major-general commanding, I left camp at daylight this morning, moving across Raft Swamp on the direct road to Fayetteville, and marched as far as Nelson's Post-Office, passing over an almost continuous swamp that required corduroying for the greater part of the route. I am all in camp now, 8 p. m. ; have made but eight miles since morning. My headquarters are at the forks of the road near Nelson's Post-Office.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

