
First Brigade in rear. Troops marching by the side and to the right of trains as heretofore ordered, two regiments in advance of trains and one in rear. Trains in their usual order. The advance guard will be instructed to relieve all guards stationed at occupied houses by its own guards, to e relieved in turn by the division in rear of this.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Captain A. M. VAN DYKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Field Orders, Numbers 59, from your headquarters, of this date. I inclose a copy of my order issued last night on the subject of foraging. * This order will be strictly carried into effect. My division and brigade commanders are alive to the importance of checking the excesses heretofore committed. I think that the small number of mounted men authorized by that order is barely sufficient to forage for the command. They can be easily restrained. The desire to be mounted will cause a strict compliance with the order, as any disobedience will cause the offender to be sent to his place in the line. I am as much in earnest as any one to the necessity of puttig a stop to the irregularities and excesses of foragers, and feel satisfied that I can do it. It was impracticable to issue the inclosed order until last night, and it was not fully published to the command to-day. From this time forward it will be complied with. I respectfully ask that I may have an opportunity to test the efficacy of this order before enforcing your Special Field Orders, Numbers 59. +

Respectfully,

FRANK. P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The pontoon will be put down about a mile below this city. It will be commenced about 7 a. m. to-morrow. The general wiehses you to have one brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery to cover the crossing. The road to the point of crossing leaves this road a short distance in rear of our headquarters. A small party of rebels was seen between you and the Fifteenth Corps. The general wishes you to picket your rear well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See paragraph II, p. 760.

+Reference is probably to Special Orders, Numbers 56., paragraph II, March 8, p. 728.

---------------

