
The enemy, eager for plunder, failed to promptly follow us up. We rallied, and at once advnaced upon the enemy. We retook the cavalry camp, and, encouraged by our success, charged the enemy, who was endeavoring to harness up my battery horses and plundering my headquartes. We retook the artillery, turned it upon the enemy about my headquarters, not twenty steps distant, and fianally forced him out of my camp. We re-established our lines, and for an hour and a ahlf foiled every attempt of the enemy to retake it. At about 8 o'clock General Mitchell, with a brigade of infantry, came within supporting distance, having rapidly mrched to my assistance across the country from the plankr oad. He at once moved up into position, and remained with me until 1. 30 o'clock, rendering me every assistance possible. The enemy did not, however, make it necessary for the infantry to fire a signle shot. General Mitchell has my thanks and deserves great credit for the rapid march over a broken country, the soldierly feeling displayed, and anxiety to assist me. We lost 4 officers killed, 15 men, and 61 severely wounded, and several others slightly wounded, and 7 officers wounded, and we have lost in officers and men about 100. I do not think it will exceed that number, and may fall short of it. The enemy lkeft in my camp upward of 70 killed, including many officers, and a large number of wounded. The enemy made nothing by the attack, save some 25 or 30 valuable horses about headquarters. We captured about 30 prisoners during the day and about 150 horses and equipments, which the enemy were forced to abandon in a swamp into which he was driven by a charge made by the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. We held the only road upon which the enemy could move to Fayetteville without moving across the country to a road about five miles distant. I find, however, a portion of Hampton's cavalry passed during the night upon a road running between my present position and Little River. The main portion of his force, however, has not yet passed. I am now within two miles of the road mentioned, and as soon as my command has fed will move to intercept that portion which has not yet passed. I have written you in detail, that you may fully know all that has taken place. Prisoners taken from Allen's, Humes', and Butler's divisions differ as to the movements of Cheatham's command. Some say that it is moving upon the railroad, others that it is dee, and will probably take a road north of Little River. The information is not, however, reliable. We have marched over the worst roads I ever saw, and have had scarcely forage for the past two days, Hardee having taken nearly everything in the country. My command very much needs rest.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. KOLPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S. -Colonel Spencer informs me that it was a charge made by Captain Hinds' First Alabama Cavalry, and not Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, which drove the enemy into the swamp, resulting in the capture of their horses and animals.

J. K.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, 1865.

General KILPATRICK, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have just received your report and read it with great satisfaction. I feared it was worse, as the enemy claims from 200 to

