
400 prisoners, which were conducted through Fayetteville. You may rest a couple of days, and then be ready to cross the river. I think there are some of the enemy that failed to escape across the bridge. You might send a strong foraging party up to the Little River bridge and burn the railroad bridge. The enemyhave sent a good dela of ordnance up toward the coal mines on the railroad. I would like to have it and the cars and locomitove destoryed, but can hardly spare time. We will lay the pontoons to-morrow and cross Monday. I am at the arsenal. I did not get a dispatch from you at Solemn Grove.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WISE'S FORKS, March 11, 1865.

Brigadier General G. W. SCHOFIELD:

The rebels seem satisfied with their pounding yesterday, and have disappeared, leaving their intrenching tools as well as their dead upon the field. It will take till afternoon to get up. I shall not move to-day. Let the Morehead garrison return, and ask Colonel Wright to push forward the railroad. Try to ascertain what has become of the pontoons and order them up.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DLEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Berne, N. C., March 11, 1865.

J. B. VAN DYEN,

Superintendent Military Railroads, New Berne, N. C.:

SIR: The troops brought up from Morehead City will be returned to that place as soon as you can conveniently furnish the trains. Please inform me at what hour, this p. m. or to-morrow a. m., you can furnish the first train, and what number of men can be taken on the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

NEW BERNE, March 11, 1865.

Colonel MCCHESNEY,

Morehead City:

The troops sent by you last night and this morning will be returned to-day or to-morrow. No more need come.

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major-General COX,

Wise's Forks:

The pontoons have arrived at Morheead, and will be sent up on the cars to-morrow. I have arranged to send supplies up by boat to Kinston,

