
if it prove practicable to reach that point. Give me the first information of the naval expedition; also of the reconnaissance sent toward Kinston to-day. Have good bridges built over Southwest Creek, and the troops supplied as far as practicable to-morrow.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Wise's Forks, March 11, 1865.

Captain A. C. RHIND,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces:

Your dispatch came yesterday as we were in the midst of a battle. I ordred a party of cavalry to patrol the river and endeavor to open communication with the vessels coming up, but was unalbe to send any considerable force away. The enemy, consisting of S. D. Lee's and Stewart's corps of Hood's old army and Hoke's division, attacked my left flank yesterday at 11. 30 a. m. I repulsed them after a sharp fight, in which Hoke's division was routed and he is reported killed. A second attack was made about 1. 30 p. m. on my left center, and Lee's and Stewart's men were there also repulsed. The enemy was severely punished, and has during the night evacuated his lines in my front and fallen back toward Kinston. We hae between 200 and 300 prisoners. General Schofield was here in person during the latter half of the engagement.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,In the Field, March 11, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General COX:

The enemy has evacuated his lines on Southwest Creek, in front of the right, on the line of the railroad, as I presume he has on the whole line. An officer sent from here has been inside of the works.

Respectfully, yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF BEUAFORT,British Road, March 11, 1865.

General J. D. COX,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A sergeant of the Ninth New Jersey has just reported to me that he has been as far across the creek as John Jackson's house, about thee-quarters of a mile. Jackson says the enemy have gone toward Goldsborough as fast as possible. The fire in front is the burning of the ram Neuse and the bridges, I presume.

Very respectfully, yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

