
MARCH 11, 1865.

Mrs. I. N. PALMER,

New Berne:

All right up here. The rebels are off for Goldsborough. The ram is burning.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

NEWPORT, N. C., March 11, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General TO MAJOR-GENERAL SCHOFIELD:

I have the honor to report having just arrived here (without having communicated with General Couch), bringing two rebel soldiers. Bridge across White Oak without a post or stringer left, ad no fording. Will report in person on first train unless otherwise directed.

EMORY CUMMINGS,

Captain Company A, Twenty-third New York Cavalry.

WILMINGTON, March 11, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch of 8th received. The rebels have obstructed the river near Elizabethtown. I shall send up a steamer this afternoon to try and get the obstructions out. I shall also send all my cavalry, total 100, up the right bank of the river to open the road as far as possible. General Schofield is between New Berne and Goldsborough. He has with him the whole of the Twenty-third Corps and Palmer's and meagher's commands. I have here about 9,000 infantry and two batteries, besides necessary garrisons.

TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Wilmington:

I have just received your dispatch of the 7th. We entered Fayetteville to-day, Hardee retreating eastward with 20,000 men and burning the bridge across Cape Fear River. We will cross the river to-morrow and start for Goldsborough on Tuesday. You can calucate the time of my arrival by the weatehr. I will strike the Wilmington railroad about Faison's. We are all well and have destroyed a vast amoung of stores and done the enemy irreparable damage. I will destroy the arsenal utterly. I want everything concentrated at aor as near Goldsborough as possible, with the railroad finished as near as possible. We have a large number of negroes and refugees that I may send to Wilmington.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

