HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, 1865.

General TERRY,

Wilmington:

I may send a train of wagons down Cape Fear River to convey refugees and negroes that have followed my army from South Carolina. Please ask Admiral Porter to have some gun-boats feel up Cape Fear Rive as high as Elizabeth City, or, at all events, as high up as the wreck of the Chickamauga, at Indian Wells. The reels burned their steam-boats here.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, N. C., March 11, 1865-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 18th.)

Major-General TERRY,

Wilmington, N. C.:

To-day we have added Fayetteville to the list of cities that have fallen into our hands. Hardee, said to have 20,000 men, withdrew across the river yesterday and last night; he is reported en route for Raleigh. The rebels skirmished in the town, and fired artillery upon the houses occupied by women and children. They burned the bridge at this place, and removed all the public stores up the railroad that they could. General Sherman is here, well. Many men are wanting shoes and clothing, yet the army never was in better spirits. Expect us at Goldsborough by the 20th instant.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Wilmington, N. C., March 11, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed dispatch four General Sherman. * The scout who brought it gives me the verbal message that the general has a large number of refugees, whit eand black, with him, and that he desires to have boats sent up to bring them here. I will make every effort to comply with General Sherman's wishes in this respect, but I think it doubtful whether I can succeed in doign so. The Eolus was able to penetrate only twenty-five miles above the town, and ascertained that a short distance beyond the mouth of the Black River there are obstructions, consisting of the wreck of the chikamauga, piles, and a chain. I hve also learned this mornign that the enemy have a large number of negroes felling trees into the stream near Elizabethtown. I shall send a tug up the river this morning with a strong party on board to examine, and, if possible, to remove, the obstructions, and I intend to send 400 of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry up the right bank this afternoon, with instructions to penetrate as far as Elizabethtown, if possible, and drive off the parties engaged in obstructing the river. All is quiet in this vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Sherman to Commanding Officer at Wilmington, 8th, p. 735.

---------------

