
and negroes that encumber me. Some I will send down the river in boats, and the balance will send to Wilmington by land under small escort as soon as we are across Cape Fear River. I hope you have not been uneasy about us, and that the fruits of this march will be apopreciated. It had to be made, not only to secure the valuzble depots by the way, but its incidents in the necessary fall of Charleston, Georgetown, and Wilmington. If I can now add Goldsborough without too much cost, I will be in position to aid you materially in the spring campaign. Joe Johnston may try to interpose between me here and Schofield about New Berne, but I think he will not try that, but concentrate his scattered armies at Raleigh, and I will go straight at him as soon as I get my men reclothed and our wagons reloaded. Keep everybody busy and let Stoneman push toward Greensborough or Charlotte from Knoxville. Even a feint in that quarter will be most imporatnt. The railroad from Charlotte to Danville is all that is left to the enemy, and it won't do for me to go there on account of the "red clay" hills, that are impassable to wheels in wet weather. I expect to make a junction with General Schofield in ten days.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., Sunday, March 12, 1865.

Generals EASTON and BECKWITH, or either,

At Wilmington:

GENTLEMEN: We need very much shoes, stockings, drawers, and pants; also flour, bread, sugar, and coffee; all else we have in abundance. I cannot afford to stay here longer that Wednesday. The river is now high, and if you, or either of you, are in Wilmington, send from there what you can of such articles as I have mentioned, to the capacity of the boats you have at disposal.

Do not draw from New Berne, but collect there the great depot, especially of forage and clothing. My command will need an entire equipment of clothing. We have been I water half the time since leaving Savannah, and conseuqently the clothing is worn out. We hve not lost a wagon, and our animals are in good condition; but I take it for granted we shall find little or no forage about Goldsborough. The moment you hear I am approaching Goldsborough forward to meet me clothing and bread, sugar and coffee, and empty wagons will meet them. We have made a hard and extraordinary march and achieved all I could expect. We are in good health and fighting condition.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., Numbers 29. March 12, 1865.

I. The general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the army that he is now in communication with Wilmingto, a steam-tug having arrived. He will dispatch her with mail at 6 p. m. to-day, and have some essential supplies brought up, but we have another march to make before reaching our true destination.

