SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 58. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 12, 1865.

This command will cross the Cape Fear River to-morrow, following Fourth Division, at 12 m. The First Brigade, Colonel C. Fairchild commanding, will have the advance. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant L. Bailey commanding, will follow the First Brigade. The Second Brigade, Colonel G. F. Wiles commanding, will follow the battery, except one regiment as rear guard. The trains will follow the troops in their usual order. Every man is expected to be in his place to-morrow without either a bummer or a stragler to disgrace the command. In marching through the city the ranks will be kept well dressed, and the bands will play.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 12, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your report of subistence on hand is received. The general-in-chief directs me to say that in all probability we will remain here to include Wednesday, and if possible will get such esential stores as are required. He is anxious that you should secure the steamers on the river above us, and will give you the exclusive use of them as you may wish.

I am, with respect, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 26. Fayetteville, N. C., March 12, 1865.

I. General Baird, commanding city of Fayetteville, will proceed to destroy all railroad property, all shops, factories, and tanneries. All mills will be used by our army, but just before evacuating the city General Baird wills ee al grinding mills destroyed, except one run by water power, of sufficient capacity to grind meal for the citrizens of the town.

II. Corps commanders will see that all refugees and negreos not useful in the army are sent to Wilmington. Each corps commander will detail fifty men, as guard, favoring escpaed soldiers, or those entitled to discharge. An officer from army headquarters will conduct them to Wilmington.

III. The pontoon bridge will at once be thrown across the river under charge of General Davis, commanding Fourteenth Corps, who, as soon as it is attained, will cross all is command except Baird's division.

IV. The Twentieth Corps will follow General Baird's division, camping on the opposite side.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

