
tion of Hallowell's brigade. The Coit will take on this trip all she can carry. The Loyalist will sail to-morrow if I can get coal for her. Will you please call the attention of the department commander to the necessity for more steamers here. The Anna Maria is the only steamer I will have after the Loyalist leaves that can go to sea, except the Hooker, and one of these I am required by the general's order to keep running between this point and Georgetown. The Anna Maria is now at Georgetown. As soon as she returns I will send the Hooker with half a regiment to the Head or Savannah. I have not yet been able to commence removing obstructions in the inner channel, not having a steamer for the purpose. The Colonel Bennett has been repairing and will answer for the purpose. She will be put on the duty in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 13, 1865-1 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I am in receipt of a letter of the 7th from General Schofield. At that time Cox was within three miles of Kinston, and repairs on the railroad were going on rapidly. Hoke's division was confronting him. Schofield was going out himself and expected to push out and take Kinston at once. Palmer was ordered and should have taken Kinston while Hoke was at Wilmington. I have not yet learned his excuse for his failure.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 13, 1865.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following items are taken from to-day's Richmond papers:

We have some good news this morning. News of a victory in South Carolina. It is announced in the following official dispatch from General Lee. Though the dispatch is rather scant in its particulars, enough is given to show that Kilpatrick was badly routed.

"HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,

March 10, 1865.

"Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

"Secretary of War:

"General Hampton attacked General Kilpatrick at daylight this morning and drove him from his camp, taking his guns, wagons, many horses, several hundred prisoners, and releasing a great number of our own men who gan ben captured. The guns and wagons could not be brought off for want of horses. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded. Our loss not heavy. Lieutenant Colonel J. S. King was killed, Brigadier-General Humes, Colonels Hagan and Harrison, and Majors Lewis, Ferguson, and others were wounded.

"R. E. LEE,

"General. "

It will be observed that the locality of the fight is not named in the dispatch. This is for prudential reasons. Sherman has no communication with the North, and it would be imprudent to publish where he was, as it would only be giving news to

