
Grant of his progress. Matters are beginning to look decidedly better for us in the south. In the last three days we have had news of two victories, one in North Carolina and one in South Carolina. *

CHARLOTTE, March 8, 1865.

The Southern Express Company's messenger from Augusta brings advices to 3rd instant. No news of interest had transpired west of the Savannah River. The Georgia Senate passed a resolution declaring that it does not concur in the recommendation of Governor Brown for a convention. Yeas 20, nays8. Several extensive fires had occurred in Augusta, supposed to be the work of an incendiary. About 400 Yankee prisoners will leave Richmond this morning on their return home by flag-of-truce boat. Among the number are thirty-three officers, including Generals Kelley and Crook, recently captured.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 32. In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 13, 1865.

I. Major John S. Windsor, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois Infantry, is hereby detailed to conduct to Wilmington all the all the refugees, white and black, that now encumber the army. The commanding general of each wing and of the cavalry will turn over to him all such refugees, with such wagons, horses, and mules, &amp;c., whether captured or public, as may be necessary to facilitate their journey, with a small supply of flour, bacon, and beef-cttle. Major Windsor will conduct them to Wilmington and turn them over to the quartermaster's department or Treasury agent, who will dispose of them according to laws or existing orders. A guard of 100 men will be sent from each wing, composed of men entitled to discharge or furlough, provided with their papers, to take effect on arrival at Wilmington.

II. Major Windsor will, on the completion of this duty, return to his command via Beaufort, N. C.

III. Then quartermaster's department will supply Major Windsor with all the facilities in its power to carry out this order.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Wilmington, March 13, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I send the steamer Howard with commissary stores and forage. I will send other boats with supplies as soon as possible, and will come myself and see what you require. General Easton is at Beaufort. I am not able to state the amount of supplies he has. I ordered from Washington 20,000 pairs of shoes, which have arrived at here to Jayeteville with the greatest possible dispatch, and will explain the state of affairs as soon as I can reach you. I send a box of cigars, and will select some other articles to send you by the next boat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

---------------

*For portion of dispatch here omitted, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 946.

---------------

