
HEADQUARTERES FIRST DIVISION,

March 13, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: One forage detail sent out this a. m. of sixty wagons has a regiment as escort, and another has just been ordered down to the Rockfish bridge for the purpose directed in your communication.

I am, major, very respectfully,

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that no change has occurred in my command to-day. I am still encamped near Fayetteville, N. C., my headquarters being located in the same place as indicated in my letter of March 12.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 13, 1865.

I. In pursuance with instructions received from Department and Army of the Tennessee, all orders herefofore issued from these headquarters regulating the organization of mounted foraging parties in this command are hereby revoked. There will be formed forthwith in each brigade of the division a mounted detail for foraging purposes, consisting of twenty enlised men, to be placed under charge of a good and rreliable commissioned officer. The senior officer of the three will take command of the entire detail. When the parties have been thus formed the fact will be notified to these headquarters. In no instance will these parties be permitted to go beyond the advance guard of the leading division on our line of march, nor more than five miles distant from either flank of the column. All stores obtained by detail will be apportioned outeach evening by the officer commanding to the severeal brigades in the division. Should any considerable bulk be captured it will be turned in to the commissary of the division for issue to the entire command. All surplus animals captured will be turned in at once to the division quartersmaster. The officer commanding the detail will receive instructions each night from these headquarters as to our probable destination for the following day, so that he may give the necessary directions to the different brigade parties under his charge. The officer only commanding the regimental parties will be mounted, and no mounted foragers will be recognized except those belonging to these brigade parties. The men will all be furnished by their regimental commanders with proper written details, these to be countersigned by the officer commanding the entire party.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

