
NEW BERNE, March 13, 1865.

Major-General COX:

I have been exerting myself to-day to get another expedition up the river in the Ella May and Shrapnel, but obstacles are put in my way in regard to my getting those boats. I am informed this evening by Major Wherry, aide-de-camp, that the boats cannot be furrnished me without orders from the commanding general of the depatment. If you require me to co-operate again with you, a positive order must be sent to transfer the two steamers to me entirely. I intended to fit a torpedo on the Ella May, and I think the people in those boats don't fancy the trip. I have men who do.

A. C. RHIND,

Commander.

[Indorsement.]

Will General Schofield please answer this dispatch?

J. D. COX,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 4. Wise's Forks, N. C., March 13, 1865.

This command will move upon Kinston to-morrow morning in the following order, viz:

The cavalry, under command of Colonel Savage, will move pomptly at 6 a. m. by the British road to the Wilmington and Kinston road, crossing the Southwest Creek, near Mrs. Williams', and covering the left flank of the command as it approaches the Neuse River. General Palmer's division, and the cavalry detachment operating upon the right flank, will move at 7 a. m. by the railroad and the Neuse road to the river crossing. General Carter's division will move upon the Dover road at 7 a. m., followed by the division of General Ruger.

By command of Major-General Cox:

THEO. COX,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Numbers 8. In the Field, N. C., March 13, 1865.

* * *

II. The Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, now with the brigade of Colonel Boughton, will at once join its proper brigade, the commanding officer reporting to Brigadier-General Harland for orders.

* * *

VI. In accordance with orders from district headquarters, this command will move toward Kinston to-morrow at 7 a. m. by the railroad and the Neuse road to the river crossing, and in the following order, viz: The cavalry under command of Major Floyd Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry (including the command of Captain Graham), will move first, throwing out a small advance guard. This will be followed by the brigade of General Harland, his batterey of Napoleons following immediately after his infantry. The Third Brigade, Colonel H. Boughton commanding, will follow next in column. Immediately in his rear will march the Third Batterey* of the Second Brigade. The Second Brigade,

---------------

*Probably Battery C, Third New York Light Artillery.

---------------

