
Colonel P. J. Claassen commanding, will follow next. All the wagons of the division will move in rear of the last brigade, the commanding officer of which will detail a strong rear guard to brig up the rear after all the wagons, This officer will be charged to see that all the stragglers are arrested and sent to their regiments when the command halts for the day. He will well deploy his men and sweep the country on both sides of the road. There must be no straggling and no pillaging in the track of the First Division.

* * *

By command of Brigadier-General Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Wise's Forks, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Brigade commanders will have their respective commands in radiness to move promptly at 7 a. m. to-morrow in the following order, viz: First, Colonel Orr's brigade; second, Colonel Thomas' brigade; third, Colonel McQuiston's brigade; fourth, Captain Paddock's battery; fifth, Captain Wood's battery; sixth, ammunition and baggegge train. Colonel McQuiston, commanding Second Brigade, will detach one regiment as rear guart to march in rear of the train.

By order of Brigadier General T. H. Ruger:

HENRY A. HALE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Wise's Forks, March 13, 1865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Second and Third Divisions, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Cox will endeavor to effect a crossing of the Neuse at Kinston to-morrow morning. You will please move up on the Dove road and keep within supporting distance of General Cox's left. If the enemy be found in force on the opposite bank, General Cox will simply make a demonstration at and above Kinston, while I reconnoiter for a crossing below and get up the pontoons. If it prove necessary to use the pontoon bridge you will make the crossing. I will inform you as soon as the point of crossing is selected. I have directed Colonel Twining to call on Captain Lyon for teams to haul the pontoons from the railroad terminus to the river.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Wilmington:

GENERAL: Captain Young tells me he will send down to-night a courier. I avail myself of the opportuniy to say that the bulk of my

