
army is across Cape Fear Rivere, and I will cross over to-morrow and await the return of the Davidson, in hopes you may be able to send us up some clothing and small stores. But on Wednesday I hope to make ten miles out, but will hold empty wagons for any supplies you may send up. Expect a train of refugees and negroes at Wilmington via Clinton. They are a dead weight to me, and consume our supplies. Provide for them the best you can or send them to New York in the return vesssels. The gun-boat Eolus is here and will remain till I take my departure, and I will send word to you when to dispatch all vessels in Cape Fear River with supplies for me up to New Berne. Prosecute and notify Colonel Wright to get from Savannah or Norfolk a supply of locomotives and cars suited to that gauge. We are all very well and weather is most favorable.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayettefille, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding Wilmington, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Stimson of your staff has just arrived, and I send him down to General Howard's camp, two miles below town, with orders to fill the boat with refugees at our lower pontoon and dispatch her back at once. I wrote you fully by the Davidson last night, and to day by Captain Young, and now repeat that the bulk of my army is across Cape Fear River and will be all across to-morrow, Tuesday, and will on Wednesday draw out ten miles toward Goldsborough. On Thursday will cast off and march compactly for a point on the railroad from Faison's to Neuse River. If I don't encounter Schofield's people I will communicate with him in the direction of Goldsborough before attempting to stockings, but fear you can't spare any, or that you have no boats suitable for the navigation of the river, but I will await Wednesday to receive anything you may send, when I will evacuate here and move in force toward Goldsborough and New Berne. The gun-boat Eolus will be here till I am off. All well and in splendid spirits. Fayetteville arsenal is in ruins and to-morrow fire will consume all that can be burned of it. The town is poor and scattered and will not be materially demaged. Hardee moved off toward Raleigh but will have time to get to Goldsborough, if that be the point fixed for concentration. I expect to be at or near Faison's Depot next Sunday.

Yours, truly, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Fayetteville, N. C., Monday, March 13, 1865.

General TERRY,

Commanding, Wilmington:

GENERAL: Colonel Kerwin reports from Elizabeth, where he has halted his regiment, having dispatched two officers and fifty men through with your cipher dispatch, which is now being unravelled. I

52 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

