
wish you would send a boat up to Elizabeth with forage and rations for Colonel Kerwin's command and order him to ferry his command across and to push to the railroad and up it till he encounters me about Faison's. Your own command should also move at once up toward Goldsborough, leaving the railroad construction party to follow, as the whole country south of Goldsborough between the Cape Fear River and the sea will be covered by our armies. You may be short of wagons. If you can manage to reach me I will supply you with, say, 200. I will have enough wagons for General Schofield also. I wart to concentrate all my availeble fores about Goldsborough as soon as possible. The single road from New Berne to Goldsborough may not have a capacity sufficient for mine, yours, and General Schofield's armies, and I wish yhou to advise General Schofield that I expect him to get boats as quick as high up as possible, when our wagons can haul forage and stores. I have with me, say, 3,000 wagons and near 40,000 animals, about 65,000 fighting men.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -If General Schofield wants you at New Berne, I do not object to your re-enforcing him, but I want all the troops not absolutely necessary for garrisons to be at or near Goldsborough in seven days, viz, by Monday or Tuesday of next week.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL CORPS, DEPT. OF NRTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I forwarded to you day before yesterday the inclosed dispatch form Genereal Schofield. * I send it to you again for fear that it may not have reached you. At the time this dispatch was written General Couch had not joined him. I thing that Couch's and McLean's divisions must have crossed the Trent near Trenton yesterday, and that to-day they have effected a junction with Cox and Palmer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL CORPS, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Div. of the Mississippi, Fayetteville, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of yesterday. I regret to say that all the supplies of shoes and clothing destined for your main arrmyu are at Beaufort. Everything which we had here has been expended for the paroled prisoners which we had here has been expended for the parroled prisoners which we have reeceived. Two days ago I sent to Beaufort for 3,500 pairs of shoes for my own troops. Should they arrive in time to reach you at

---------------

*See Schofield to Sherman, 9th, p. 744.

---------------

