
Fayetteville, I will forward them at once. Hoping that the tug would find the river open, I commenced loading a steamer last night with such stores as I supposed that you would need most. She starts immediately, and will be followed by others. I sent all my serviceable cavalry up the right band of the Cape Fear day before yesterday afternoon, to open the road and communicate with you. I have a report from them that the bridges are down, and some of the road under water. I send to-day a bridge equipage, and two regements of infantry, to make a crossing at Levison Creek, seventeen miles from here, which is, I believe, the most difficult point on the route. I respectfully suggest, that if the cavalry should report to you that the upper part of the road is in good order, the refugees, of whom you wish tto disembarrass yourself, might come down under their convoy. Our supplies of commissary stores are quite limited, but everything which we have will be sent up as fast as possible. When General Schofield left here a week since he told me that a railroad construction party would be here within a day or two, but none has yet arrived, and consequently nothing has yhet been done to repair the road from here to Goldsborough. Two bridges within ten miles of the town were burned by the enemy. I think that I can rebuild one of them with details from my own troops, and will make a begining, without waiting for the railroad men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. PROVISIONAL CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 57. Wilmington, N. C., March 13, 1865.

I Brevet Major-General Ames, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, will detail from his command two regiments of not less than 600 men for duty, to report in heavy marching order at the market place in Wilmington at 11 a. m. this dday, with three days' rations in their haverscks. The senior officer will report at these headquarters for instructions at 10 a. m.

* * *

III. Major H. V. Slosson, commanding detachment Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers, will proceed with the pontoon train under his charge to Levison Creek on the west bank of the Cape Fear River and throw a bridge over the creek at the point where the road to Elizabethtown crosses it, remaining at that point until furthers orders.

* * *

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEWPORT, March 13, 1865.

General EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster Military Division of the Mississippi:

I am ordered to report to you with two additional regiments of my brigade. Unless otherwise ordered will go into camp outside the works near my other regiments.

NICHOLAS W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

