
there, with seven pieces of Artillery in sight from the road, and strengthening their works. I have directed General Blair to keep up his reconnaissances toward Salkehatchie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, Ga., January 18, 1865.

General HOWARD:

DEAR GENERAL: Your note of January 17, with inclosures, is received. It is best that all the Fifteenth Corps not yet off should march, and that you get your whole command in the neighborhood of Pocotaligo and Coosawhatchie and make as many wharves as possible, that you may accumulate stores in your wagons. Slocum has two divisions at Hardeeville and Purysburg, and to-day a gun-boat and two transports move up to that point, and it will be five days before Slocum can have Sister's Ferry and Robertsville. The division of Cuvier Grover is now arriving and will occupy Savannah. This will relieve Geary's division. Davis will start to-morrow for Sister's Ferry on the west bank of Savannah, with Kilpatrick's cavalry. I now have official notice that General Terry carried Fort Fisher by assault, capturing 72 guns and 1,780 prisoners. This closes up Cape Fear River and helps us. I want them also to strengthen New Berne, and work out the railroad toward Goldsborough. Get your command so as to move north as soon as possible, and get all the bread and forage accumulated you can. As soon as possible we will cast off, and then for another cruise that will, in my judgment, do more to bring matters to a crisis than the last. Choose the best points you can find to land stores for Pocotaligo. Don't cross the Salkehatchie, but hold all the ground up to it, as though we intended to break across. The next movement I want the enemy to fell is from the left flank. Purysburg is reported as a fine point, with deep river and a good bluff.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,January 18, 1865. (Via Hilton Head.)

General SHERMAN:

Lieutenant McQueen, of my escort, has just returned from a reconnaissance. He communicated with a regiment of General Logan's mounted infantry at New River bridge yesterday a.m. The small bridges are destroyed; the road otherwise good. He brings from General Blair fifteen prisoners, including two commissioned officers. Do you wish the railroad destroyed?

HOWARD,

General.

