
guidance I desire to impress upon your attention the importance of keeping a close watch upon trade and the character of the parties allowed to engage in it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., March 13, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

SIR: I have the honor to report the shipment of the following named troops on transport Yazoo on the morning of the 12th instant.

Organization. 	 Officers.	 Men. 	 Servants.	 Horses.

Headquarters Second	 8	 31	 4	 8

Division.

Headquarters Second	 4	 18	 2	 . . . .

Brigade. 	 	 	 	 . . .

28th Iowa	 7	 136	 5	 . . . .

Volunteers. 	 	 	 	 . . .

131st New York	 12	 239	 7	 23

Volunteers.

22nd Iowa	 17	 338	 10	 . . . .

Volunteers. 	 	 	 	 . . .

13th Connecticut	 11	 262	 6	 . . . .

Volunteers. 	 	 	 	 . . .

Total. 	 59	 1,024	 34	 31

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, opposite Fayetteville, Tuesday, March 14, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

DEAR GENERAL: I am now across Cape Fear River with nearly all my army, save a division, with orders to cross at daylight to-morrow. I shall then draw out ten miles and begin my maneuvers for the possession of Golddsborough, which is all important to our future purposes. I was in hopes that I could get some shoes and stockings at Wilmington, but the tug Davidson has returned with Brigadier-General Dodge, chief quartermaster, with word that there is no clothing there, but he brings us some forage, sugar, and coffee. I can get along for ten days, having forced the army to clooect plenty of beef, and a good deal of corn meal. I shall to-night move my cavalry, 5,000, straight toward Raleigh, and follow it with four didvisions without trains, and keep the trains off toward the right rear. I will hold another four divisions in close support and move toward Smithland [Smithfield] or to strike the railroad half way between Goldsborough and Raleigh; then when my trains are well across toward the Neuse will move rapidly to Bennettsvile [Bentonville], and afterward, at leisure, move opposite Goldsborough, open direct communication with Schofield, who is ordered to push against Kinston and Goldsborough. I may cross Neuse, about Cox's Bridge, and move into Goldsborough, but will not attempt it till within close communication with Schofield. I have

full orders to Schofield. It will not do to build any determinate plan from there till I am in full possession of Goldsborough. I have ordered

