HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cade's Plantation, N. C., March 14, 1865-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: If I have good luck I expect to have everything over the river to-night, and in order to organize the light column fefugee trains, &amp;c., will stretch out on the roads, but will not move my headquarters. I had already issued my orders and moved out one corps before getting General Slocum's suggestion. I therefore proposed to him to send Logan's surplus trains on lower route through Clinton, and have his surplus trains follow the four light divisions along the road via Beaman's Cross-Roads. This will open the direct road to Bentonville to General Slocum for his light column, and I will have a good force always within supporting distance. He did not send me word whether this was satisfactory. We have, however, interchanged our respective orders of march.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 60. Cade's Plantation, N. C., March 14, 1865.

I. As soon as everything is well across Cape Fear River the command will move forward in the following order: The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move on the road leading to Faison's Depot via Beaman's Cross-Roads. The divisions will move with only the different headdquarters and regimental trains and ten ammunition wagons for each division. The remaining supply, ordnance, and other trains will be consolidated and move in rear of the column with sufficient guard. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move on the road leading to Faison's Depot via Clinton. On the first day's march each head of column will reach and prepare the crossing over South River. A portion of the train from these headquarters will move with the Fifteenth Army Corps. The remainder will move with headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps. The pontoon train will also move with the Seventeenth Army Corps.

* * *

V. In accordance with instructions form headquarters Military Division of the Missessippi, all refugees, white and black, now encumbering the army, will be assembled near the headquarters of the Fifteenth Army Corps, with such animals and wagons as can be spared, and organized under the supervision of Colonel James Welson, provost-marshal-general Department and Army of the Tennessee, into a train to proceed to Wilmington, N. C. A guard of fifty men, to be composed of men entitled to desccharges or furloughs, properly armed, provided witth their papers to take effect at Wilmington, will be sent from each corps. A small supply of flour, bacon, and beef-cattle will be furnished to the train huard.

* * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

