SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 68. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

I. In anticipation of the movement on Goldsborugh, N. C., all transportation of the several divisions of the corps other than the respective headquarters and regimental teams, twelve ordnance wagons from each division, and the ambulance corps, will be organized in one train, under supervision of the chief quartermaster of the corps, and with a sufficient guard will move in rear of the Seventeenth Armu Corps to Faison's Depot, on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. Corps headquarters supply train will move with this column. Each division commander will detail one regiment for train guard, to report to Brevet Briagadier-General Woods, whose brigade is assigned to the duty of guarding the whole train of the corps. The trains will be organized and the regiments will report to-morrow morning.

II. The troops will move in light order, with five days' rations, two of which will be carried in the regimental wagons.

III. All refugees, white and black, will be organized in detachments by divisions, and will report in such oranization to Major Frank C. Gillete, provost of the corps. They will be supplied with means of transportation and subsistence, and will move to the point of rendezvous as soon as theirr camp may be established. All unauthorized camp followers will be included in the term "refugee," and will be swept from the corps and sent to Wilmington in the train organized.

* * *

By ordere of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

East side Cape Fear River, near Pontoon Crossing, March 14, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that, in compliance with your instructions, I moved out about 2 o'clock this p. m., following the Third Division. I did not succeed in getting the pontoon brodge until 10 o'clock this p. m., and my command is stll crossing (12 m.), going into camp about one mile from the river. I will nt be over before 2 o'clock in the morning.

I am, major, verey respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 46. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

* * *

III. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 68, headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, of to-day's date, all the transportation of the division, except the respective headdquarters and regimental teams, twelve ordnance wagons, and the ambulance train, will organize into one train to-morrow and unite with the trains of the army corps that, under the supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel Fort, march in rear of Seventeenth Corps.

