
IV. All refugees, both white and black, in the command will be organized into detachments under the direction of Captain George A. Henry, provost-marshal at these headquarters. He will cause them, when so organized, to report to Major Frank C. Geillette, provost-marshal of the corps. Captain Genry will also furnish transportation for the refugees connected with this division (in all 133), and to that end all wagons, bugies, and vehicles of every description that have been captured during the campaign that are now with the division, together with their animals, will be turned over to him by brigade and detachment commanders at an early hour to-morrow morning. During the coming move regiments will be allowed but one regimental wagon.

V. The division commissary will issue to the troops of the command early to-morrow morning three days' rations of bread, to last five [days], and the usual rations of sugar, coffee, &amp;c. He will issue to the refungees of the division three days' rations of meat on the hoof. His cattle will be driven with the infantry column.

VI. Lieutenant J. W. Phillips, commanding division pioneer corps, will direct Lieutenant Shafer to report with one-half the corps to-morrow morning to Brevet Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Brigade, apportioning to him such teams and tools as he may need in assesting our train through toward Faison's Depot.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 14, 1865.

Major-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: At the suggestion of Major-General Howard the general commanding requests that you will perfect the organization of your refugees into detachments, in order that the first opportunity offering may be seized to send them to Wilmington. We may be able to ship them, but fear that they will have to march.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that this division broke camp in front of Fayetteville to-day at 3. 30 p. m. ; moved to the lower pontoon bridge, where it commenced crossing at 5 p. m. It is now encamped one mile and a half east of that bridge. My headquarters are in the midst of the camp. The daily reports due, referred to in a note of this date will be furnished as soon as they can be made up.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

