
SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS,In the Field, on Cape Fear River, N. C., Numbers 43. March 14, 1865.

* * *

II. The troops of this division will march at 9 a. m. to-morrow, the 15th instant, in the direction of Beaman's Cross-Roads, the First Brigade in advance, followed by the Second Brigade, the Third Brigade in rear and closing the column. Trains as follows: Twelve wagons of ordnance, followed by ambulances and hospital train, with brigade trains in rear of hospital train, in same order as brigades. Headquarters teams of the division will enter the column of trains wherever they may strike it; pioneer wagons in rear of all trains. The supply train and surplus ordnance will remain in park in charge of Captain Benjamin, acting assistant quartermaster, under guard of the Thirtyninth Iowa Infantry, already detailed for that purpose, ready to join the column to move in rear of the Seventeenth Corps. The officer in command of guard will report to Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster of the corps, the position of the park early in the morning. Troops will march by the side of the trains, as heretofore, with two regiments as an advance and two as a rear guard.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS,In the Field, N. C., March 14, 1865.

Major WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would respectfully state that that Seventh Illinois is encamped one mile from the Cape Fear River, on right-hand side of road from pontoon bridge. At 1 p. m. moved out on the Goldsborough road with Twenty-ninth Missouri. Ten miles out came upon a squad of rebel cavalrymen, who fired upon our advance and retreated. Followed them for two miles, but found nothing to stop our advancing; 6 p. m. returned and went into camp, in above mentioned localities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECTOR PERRIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Mounted Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Fayeteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERRIN,

Commanding Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to move your command to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock out on the road leading to Beaman's Cross-Roads, in advance of General Corse, encamping at night with General Corse's division. You will take all your camp equipage, &amp;c., with you.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

