SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 59. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

I. This command will move to South River on Clinton road to-morrow, following First and Fourth Divisions. The First Brigade, Colonel C. Fairchild commanding, will have the advance, being prepared to move at 9 a. m. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant L. Bailey commanding, will follow the First Brigade. The Second Brigade, Colonel G. F. Wiles commanding, will follow the battery, detailing one regiment for rear guard. If practicable the troops will move on right of train.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, opposite Fayetteville, March 14, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I have notified General Howard that to-morrow night your head of column would be near the cross-road above Kyle's Landing, the nextt day across Black River near Mingo, and third day near Bentonville, and have instructed him to have four divisions in easy support, and a little in advance of you, say five or six miles, so that on receiving orders or hearing battle he may come promptly up on your right. I thind Colonel Garber can promise you another boat, in which case it would be well to send to Wilmington your prisoners of war. You might leave them to-morrow where the gun-boat lies, two miles below General Howard's bridge, and the guard, if unable to overtake you the day after to-morrow, could follow direct to Bentonville. I want the three first marches to be made with prudence and deliberation. I am willeng to accept battle with Johnston'[s concentrated force, but would not attack him in position until I make junction with General Schofield.

I am, truly, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 27. Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

I. Two divisions of the Twentieth Army Corps, unencumbered by wagons (except headquarters wagons and a sufficient number of infantry ammunition wagons to transport forty rounds per man), will move with three batteries of artillery to-morrow, March 15, to the cross-roads north of Taylor's Hole Creek.

II. Two divisions of the Fourteenth Army Corps, with artillery and wagons as above mentioned, will move to and encampt to-morrow night at Taylor's Hole Creek.

III. The trains of the Twentieth Army Corps, with all the pontoon trian not now in use, will be moved in charge of one division by a road, south of the road leading from Kingsbury to Bentonville, to South River, and, if possible, they will encamp on the east side of the river.

