
All empty wagons of the corps will be left near Fayetteville, for the purpose of bringeng forward such supplies as may come to this place priorr to the 16th instant.

IV. On the 16th, the unencumbered divisions of both corps will move to a point near Bentonville, the trains of the Troublefield's Store, and the trains of the Fourteenth Army Corps, in charge of Baird's division, being moved to South River on the road taken by the trains of the Twentieth Army Corps.

V. Strong pioneer parties will accompany the wagon trains, but each unencumbered division will take with it one wagon of intrenching tools.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows: The First and Second Divisions, accompanied by their artillery, headquarters and regimental wagons, ambulance trains, and a sufficient number of ammunition wagons to transport forty rounds of ammunition, in addition to the forty in the cartridge-boxes (the remainder of the trains being reported by the division quartermasters to Brevet Major-General Baird, commanding Third Division), will march, General Morgan at 9 a. m. and General Carlin at 10 a. m., upon tthe direct road to Averasborough, in rear of the Twentieth Corps, and will encamp to-morrow night beyond Taylor's Hole Creek, upon ground which will be designated. One wagon, loaded with pioneer tools, will eccompany each division. Major Houghtaling, chief of artillery (directing his ammunition train to be reported to Brevet Major-General Baird), will move his reserve battery under the direction of General Morgan. Corps headquarters will move with General Carlin's division. General Baird, remaining in Fayetteville, to-morow will take charge of the trains of the corps, and the following day will move them with his division, as directed in the order from wing headquarters, a copy of which is sent him with this. *

By order of Brevet Major-General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

In compliance with orders form headquarters Army of Geargia, all refugees, white and black, thatt encumber the army are to be sent from this point to Wilmington. Division commanders will therefore at once have their provost-marshals collect all negroes within the limits of their respective commands that are not needed with the column, and turn them over to-day, if possible, to Major Parks, provost-marshal of this corps. Captain Whittelsey will select such wagons, captured or public, as may be necessary for the movement of these people, and turn them over to Major Parks, provost-marshal, to-night. Captain Balloch, chief commissary, will furnish the train with a small supply of flour,

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

