
bacon, and beef-cattle. Each division commander will detail from his command fifteen men, under proper non-commissioned officers, to report to-day to Major Parks, provost-marshal at these headquarters, for duty as guard for these refugees to Wilmington. In making this detail escaped prisoners and men whose term of service has nearly expired will be selected. They will all report with arms and equipments.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Willims:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Fayetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

The Third and First Divisions, with their headquarters trains, will march to-morrow (the Third preceding) across Taylor's Hole Creek. General Ward will start his column at 6. 30 a. m., General Jackson starting in season to close up to the Third Division. Each of these divisions will take with them ammunition wagons enough to carry, with what the men carry on their persons, 100 rounds to each man. Each division will take care of its own trains. Three batteries will accompanu these divisions, one marching in rear of General Ward's advanced brigade, the other two in rear of the troops of the Third Division. General Geary, with the Second Division, will take charge of the trains of the corps and march them across South Rive on a road parallel to and south of the Kingsbury and Bentonville road, thence on the day following to the vicinity of Troublefield's Store. One battery of artillery will report to General Geary to march with the train. That portion of the pontoon train not needed for the bridge across Cape Fear River will report to General Geary to march with the train. That portion of the pontoon train not needed for the bridge across Cape Fear River will report to General Geary, at his headquarters, at 8 a. m., to-morrow, to march with this train. In case the Michigan Engineers accompany this corps, one battalion with half of their train will accompany the troops and will march between the Third and First Divisions, immediately in rear of the artillery, starting at 6. 30 a. m. The other battalion with the balance of the engineer train will report to General Geary, to march with the train.

General Ward and General Jackson will each take with them one of their brigade pioneer corps and one wagonload of intrenching tools, leaving the balance of their pioneers and tools with their trains. All of the ambulances of the Third and First Divisions that can be emptied will accompany the divisions.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Near Feyetteville, N. C., March 14, 1865.

The forward movement of the army will be resumed to-morrow. For several days the division will be deached, and will march as escort to the entire corps train.

* * *

By command of Bvt. Major General John W. Geary:

W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

