
KINSTON BRIDGE, March 14, 1865.

Captain A. C. RHIND,

Commanding Naval Forces, New Berne:

I sent your dispatch of last evening to General Schofield, and supposed till an hour ago that he had answered it. We are at the Kinston bridge. The ram is burnt; her wreck is in sight. The torpedo will not, therefore, be needed, but wo are equally obliged to you for your offer to rig it. A convoy for the steamers and flats, loaded with rations, is the only thing which can be of service to us now. There is no force of the enemy now in our immediate front except some cavalry, the remainder of the force which Bragg had the other day having gone toward Goldsborough. Their rear guard of infantry is reported to be at Falling Creek, seven miles from Kinston, injuring the railroad as they retire.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding District.

U. S. STEAMER AGAWAM,

New Berne, March 14, 1865.

Major-General COX:

Your dispatch is justt received. A small gun-boat, drawing seven feet,

and with a heavy battery, arrived here this morning. I am getting her ready for a trip to Kinston. Will send up some boats with her. The only difficulty I have now is the want of a good pilot. I have asked forr the man who went up before. Hope to get the gun-boat off this evening. She has a 100-pounder rifle and three 24-pounders. If the quartermaster's department or harbor master here furnish me the pilot you will find the boats up the river to-morrow.

Respectfully, yours,

A. C. RHIND,

Commander.

KINSTON, March 14, 1865.

Captain A. C. RHIND,

Commanding Naval Forces:

I will telegraph the harbor master to get you a good pilot immediately, if possible. Reports, apparently reliable, show that the enemy have left Goldsborough also and that Bragg has joined

Johnston at Smithville [Smithfield], half way between Goldsborough and Raleigh. Sherman is approaching Goldsborough and we hope to have communication open with him in a few days.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

KINSTON, March 14, 1865.

Captain LOWMAN,

Harbor Master, New Berne:

Try to find a river pilot for Captain Rhind, of the Navy, and have him report to bring up a gun-boat. Make every effort to do this to-night.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding District.

