
and fatigue duty, relieving the Thirty-first Iowa and Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry therefrom, which regiments, on being relieved, will report to their respective brigade commanders. The commanding officers Seventieth Ohio will at once ascertain from Captain Bogert, provost-marshal of the district, the detail required for provost duty and furnish the same, holding the balance of his command subject to detail from these headquarters, or Captain Woodward, acting assistant quartermaster, for fatigue duty.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Thunderbolt, Ga., January 18, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In obedience to instructions embarkation of my division has been stopped, excepting my headquarters. The supply train and De Gress' battery, with the division pioneer corps and two regiments for guard, is all of the division left to go by land. This, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Black, One hundred and eleventh Illinois, is already on its way. I have directed Colonel Black to report at your headquarters, and also if possible to pass the causeway to-night.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Savannah, Ga., January 18, 1865.

* * * * * * *

X. This command will move out from its present camp at 8. 30 a.m. to-morrow (the 19th instant) in the following order on the road leading into the city, viz:

1. First Brigade Infantry, Brigadier-General Rice, commanding, with Battery H. First Missouri Light Artillery, in the center of his command or following the first two regiments.

2. Second Brigade Infantry, Colonel Adams commanding.

3. All trains of the division as follows: First, ordnance train followed by ambulance train; second, brigade trains in order of their respective brigades; third, division supply trains, well closed up.

4. Third Brigade Infantry, Colonel Hurlbut commanding. Colonel Hurlbut will keep out a sufficient rear guard, and will see that no straggling is permitted, arresting all men straying from their commands without proper authority.

* * * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

