
to come into the river. I expect to transship and get them up here to-morrow. I cannot start from here until day after to-morrow morning. I think that I can reach Faison's Depot Sunday night. My transportation will be very short and I shall need supplies very soon after reaching Faison's, but I think General Schofield will have wagons to spare and I shall write to him to send them across to me from Kinston with subsistence. I inclose a copy of a dispatch which I received from him this morning. *

I am, very rrespectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

I have taken the liberty of opening and reading as you were so far away. I will write a note to General Terry. You could get one to the boat before it will leave.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL COSPS, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 58. Wilmington, N. C., March 14, 1865.

* * *

II. The detachment of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentyfourth Army Corps, Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Coan, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, commanding, and the pontoon detachment, Major H. V. Slosson, Fifteenth New York Volunteers, commanding, now at Levison Creek, N. C., will, upon the receipt of this order, return to Wilmington with all possible speed, marching day and night until their arrival at the city.

* * *

IV. The Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General A. Ames commanding, will move from its encampment at 1 p. m. to-morrow and proceed to Northeast Station, where it will bivouac for the night. The troops will carry upon their persons rations for three days after to-morrow morning, and---rounds of ammunition.

V. Until further orders, the Sixteenth New York Independent Battery will report to Bvt. Major General A. Ames, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery, will report to Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. Northeast Station, N. C., March 14, 1865.

We shall move speedily. But one wagon will be allowed to a regiment for baggage. Brigade headquarters wagons will be cut down also.

---------------

*See 12th, p. 803.

---------------

