HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near South River, N. C., March 15, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received, having left all supply trains to follow with the corps train, this command moved from camp near Fayetteville at 2 o'clock this p. m., supplied with five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, on main Goldsborough road, and marched, following the Second Division, twelve miles, encamping one mile and a half west of South River between 7 and 8 p. m., on both sides of the road in rear of the Second Division, the infantry in column by regiments, the artillery and trains in the rear. One-half of the pioneer corps was left with the trains. Twenty-three officers and 284 enlisted men, whose term of service had expired, were ordered to guard refugee train to Wilmington, N. C., and upon arrival there to be mustered out of the service. The roads were rendered almost impassable by the heavy rains which fell during all of the afternoon o=and evening. These headquarters are on the south side of the road, in rear of the right of the Second Brigade.

I am, major, very respectfully,, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,]

In the Field, South River, N. C., March 15, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant my command remained in camp at Powe's plantation, near Cheraw, S. C., with the exception of one brigade, which, pursuant to orders form corps headquarters, was sent into the city of Cheraw to relieve a brigade of the Seventeenth Corps doing provost duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, South River, N. C., Numbers 44. March 15, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will be in readiness to march att 6. 30 a. m. to-morrow, the 16th instant, crossing South River. The Second Brigade will hold the advance, followed by the Third Brigade, the First Brigade moving in rear and clossing the column. The infantry, with tthe exception of two regiments in advance and one in rear of trains, will move by the side of trains (to the right); trains the same as to-day, and, under any circumstances, be well closed up. The advance guard will pace guards at all occupied houses, remaining until relieved by those of the division following, as directed by existing orderes, &amp;c.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

