HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cade's Plantation, N. C., March 15, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding has ordered that the surplus trains of the Fifteenth Corps will follow that corps instead of your column, as directed in paragraph IV of yesterday's order. The pontoon train will close up on and follow your corps, and you are directed to furnish a guard of one regiment to accompany it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cade's Plantation, March 15, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that the refugee train, containing 6,000 to 8,000 refugees, with a sufficient guard, will follow in the rear of your column, leaving here to-morrow morning and taking the same roads as far as Clinton, and requests me to derect you not to destroy any bridges you may build, and when it becomes necessary to use any pontoon-boats for bridges they will be left until after the refugee train has passed and then be ordered to resume their position in the line of march. The general also requests you to pick up such wagons and teams and accumulate such supplies for the use of the refugees as you may be able to, which will be left at Clinton in charge of your rear guard until the refugee train arrives there. From Clinton the refugee train willmarch directly south to Wilmington.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES WILSON,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Tennessee.

SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 66. On South River, N. C., March 15, 1865.

The movemetn to-morrow will be via Owensborough toward Clinton. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will commence crossing his train to the other side of South River at 6 a. m., and will park it on the other side. The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will have the advance and will move forward at 8 a. m. The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the Fourth Division. The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Third Division. The detachment of the pontoon train will follow the train of the Fourth Division. The detachment of department headquarters train will follow the Third Division train. The troops will move on the right of the train. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will cross the river at 7. 30 a. m., provided the train of the First Division is across by that time. If not, they will follow it.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

