HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near South River, N. C., March 15, 1865.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps:

Captain Searle, commanding my pioneer corps, reports that it will be impossible to cross the river with the train of my division without building a bridge about sixty yards long on the other side of the river, as the old road under water has entirely given out and cannot be repaired, the water being too deep and bottom verey soft. My pioneer corps has been at work ever since the head of the column moved across. I would respectfully request that a pioneer corps from one of the other divisions be detailed to assist in constructin a bridge to-night. There is no lumber on this side of the river. Everything will have to be carrie from the other side. The most of my brigade and regimental wagons are still on the other side of the river. I have given the commanding officer of my pioneer corps directions to let his men get supper.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 60. Near Faytteville, N. C., March 15, 1865.

I. The movements to-morrow will be in the direction of Owensborough on the Clinton road. The Second Brigade, Colonel G. F. Wiles commanding, will have the addvance, being prepared to move at 9 a. m. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant L. Bailey commanding, will follow the Second Brigade. The First Brigade, Colonel C. Fairchild commanding, will follow the battery, detailing one regiment for rear guard. Troops will move on the right of train. Trains as heretofore.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,

Fayetteville, N. C., March 15, 1865.

I. All the transportation of the division will be sent immediately to the pontoon bridge to be crossed over the river the moment the bridge is vacant.

II. The troops will begin crossing probably at 10 o'clock, and in anticipation of the movement each brigade commander will arrange his pickets so as to form a strong skirmish line to occupy his present front and remain in charge of a competent officer until withdrawn. The Second Brigade will move first and take position on this side the river covering the bridge. The Third Brigade will then pass over, followed by the First, and both will take position covering the bridge from the opposite shore. The pickets will then be withdrawn, bringing in all guards and stragglers, and all crossed over. The battery will precede the Third Brigade in crossing. No further property of any kind in the city will be destroyed.

By command of Brevet Major-General Baird:

JOHN W. ACHESON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

54 R R--VOL XLVII, PT II

