
subject residing in this town. He produces bills of sale of the same showing that the cotton came into his possession either before the war or during the early part of it. The consul requests that the owner may be allowed to retain it. I have said to him that I will delay the action in this case until I write for orders in the case. If any exceptions are to be made to the general rule, which I could not advise, I would suggest that this be one. From what I can learn I believe the Spanish residents of the town have been more honest in their neutrality than other foreigners residing here, and attribute it in a great measure to the consul himself, who has, I have no doubt, honestly carried out the instructions received from his Government. Instructions on the subject of the cotton have been requested. The amount is much greater than was supposed when we first occupied the city.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 15, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The steamer New York is ordered to touch at Charleston to take on board one or more of the regiments that are to be detached from your command for duty in North Carolina. You will therefore load this steamer with troops taken from the regiments already designated (the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-sixth New York and the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers), and direct her to proceed to the mouth of the Cape Fear River, and report to the commanding officer of the troops there for orders. The New York has some troops on board already.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, POST OF CHARLESTON,Charleston, S. C., March 15, 1865.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter from the major-general commanding the department, dated the 13th instant, and containing instructions for my guidance in the matter of trade. These instructions will be carefully obeyed. I have thus far forwarded to the honorable Secretary of the Treasury, through your headquarters, thirteen sets of applications for as many applicants, asking for shipments to the value of $900,000. I propose to approve about $600,000 more and then to await future developments. I believe the parties recommended are safe men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel 103rd U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Post.

