
Wood's division will encamp near South River. The roads are so terrible that we cannot more than close up the wagon train to that point. General Geary, with his train, is near by, and will encamp on my left. There is a cross-road here leading north into the Raleigh road. General Blair will, without doubt, be at the cross-roads just east of Owensville. In the morning I will move forward toward Bentonville, till I reach the road leading northward from Beaman's Cross-Roads. General Blair has been directed to move to Beaman's Cross-Roads, throwing his mounted men down to Clinton, to cover the refugee train. General Geary was going farther, but I took the liberty of stopping him here in consequence of your letter. The rebel cavalry have been very stubborn to-day in our front. Corse's men drove them across the Cohera, covering the movement northward. The rebels were intrenched at South River, at Logan's crossing. His men were crossed above in pontoons and turned them out. They have with that force a section of artillery. I am anxious to hear the moment General Slocum's left column gets across the Black.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., No. 62. Near Jackson's Farm, N. C., March 16, 1865.

The unencumbered divisions of the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move to-morrow to the crossing of the road on which the head of column is now encamped with the Clinton and Raleigh road. The surplus trains of the corps, with their guard, will move to Beaman's Cross-Roads. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move to Beaman's Cross-Roads. These headquarters will follow the second division in order of march of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In consequence of the bad roads and rapid rise of the river I have been unable to get my ordnance and ambulance trains across, and have gone into camp three miles this side. River is still rising rapidly and roads very bad in my front. Shall I cut loose from my ordnance and ambulance trains and push forward with the troops, or wait here and build a bridge across the river to-morrow morning?

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

I have sent to General W. B. Woods to prepare the material and put in the bridge during the night, or as soon as possible. If the creek does

