
not rise more than eighteen inches I think the whole supply train can be crossed in the morning. I will put my whole infantry force to work in the morning repairing the roads in my front.

N. B. -Since the above was written I have succeeded in crossing the ordnance and ambulance trains but the supply train cannot cross without a bridge.

C. R. W.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jones' Swamp, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that in compliance with orders received from the major-general commanding the corps, I left my camp near Cape Fear River at 6 o'clock this morning, and taking the road as pursued by the Third Division and balance of the corps, reached South River about 3 p. m. Overtaking the trains of the Third Division, I massed my command, waiting until 6 o'clock before I obtained the bridge, when I began moving my command over. The crossing soon became so bad that each team had to be assisted by the troops, and this while the men were in water two feet deep. At 10 o'clock to-night my last wagon was brought over, and I am now in camp three miles this side the river with my troops covering the road both to the front and rear. My headquarters are on the roadside, just between my two lines. Without further orders I shall move at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mrs. Lockery's, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that this command moved at 9 a. m. this morning in rear of the Fourth Division, crossing the Black River at Maxwell's Bridge and camping eight miles in advance of that point.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Little Cohera Creek, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of my command the 15th instant: Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters I broke camp at 9 a. m. sharp and moved upon the Goldsborough road to the vicinity of South River, where the enemy was developed upon the opposite bank, and immediately opened with artillery and small-arms, the latter being from a pretty strong skirmish line holding a position in front of a wooded swamp covered with water from two to four feet in depth.

