
The enemy had rendered the bridge over the main channel (which was about ten feet deep) impassable by removing the covering of the bridge. Upon the arrival of the pontoon train, at 6 p. m., I placed two boats across the main channel of the stream, and at 8 a. m. commenced crossing my infantry, who were compelled to wade a distance of 200 yards through the swamp with water to the waist after leaving the boats. At 9. 30 the Seventh Iowa Infantry Volunteers succeeded in making a lodgment on high ground on the opposite bank, and found the enemy had left his position, which this regiment immediately occupied. Upon receiving intelligence of the flight of the enemy, I at once placed a detail at work on the bridge, in order to have it in readiness for crossing my trains in the morning. My command has made a march of ten miles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Little Cohera Creek, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, I broke camp at 7 a. m., crossed South River, and from thence moved on the Goldsborough road, a distance of six miles, where I moved to the left on a neighborhood road to its intersection with the Fayetteville and Bentonville road, where my command is now in bivouac, having made a march of nine miles. I would state that before leaving the Goldsborough, or Maxwell road, as citizens term it, one regiment and a section of artillery was detached from my column to expel the enemy from a position he had taken across Little Cohera Creek, about half a mile distant from the point of my departure from this road, in which they were successful, and one brigade (the Second) left in position at that point as a protection to the flanks of the column while passing. This brigade has rejoined the division.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 45. In the Field, N. C., March 16, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will march at 7 a. m. sharp to-morrow, the 17th instant, on Fayetteville and Bentonville road in the following order, viz: The Third Brigade in advance, the First Brigade in center, and Second Brigade in rear, the troops marching to the right of and by the side of trains. Trains in same order as heretofore. The column must keep well closed up.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

