HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Jackson's Farm, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman says that Hardee is in front of Slocum on the river road, and he thinks he intends to make a stand at the cross-roads above Kyle's Landing. Please move to Beaman's Cross-Roads to-morrow, effecting a crossing, however, of the creek in your front with your mounted men, in order to let the refugees pass through Clinton. If Slocum needs us we can march up the Raleigh road, but if he does not you will be directed to Troublefield's Store, and Logan's disencumbered divisions will move straight on Bentonville, while his trains will follow you from Beaman's Cross-Roads. Our main objective has been changed to Everettsville instead of Faison's Depot, as ordered before. Schofield reports that he whipped Bragg, and is near Kinston. Terry says he will be at Faison's by Sunday or Monday. Expect further orders at Beaman's Cross-Roads. We have skirmished with the rebel cavalry to-day, supporting artillery. Your movement will turn them out.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 67. Near Owensville, N. C., March 16, 1865.

The command will move to Beaman's Cross-Roads to-morrow. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will have the advance and will move forward at 7 a. m. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will move forward at 7 a. m. and close up on the Fourth Division. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward at as early an hour as practicable and close up on the Third Division. The section of the pontoon train will follow the Fourth Division. The detachment of department headquarters train will follow the Third Divisions. Major General J. A. Mower will leave one regiment with the main pontoon trains as guard. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will proceed to Clinton and remain there until the arrival of the refugee train. They will then move over to Faison's Depot and communicate with General Terry, and if practicable obtain ammunition. From thence they will move northward and join the command.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Owensville, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move forward at 7 a. m. to-morrow, sending forward your white pioneer corps at 6 o'clock to the bridge on Little Cohera. General Smith is working

55 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

