
on the bridge; if he finishes it by 7 o'clock he will cross and take the advance. If however, the bridge is not completed before you get here, you will take the advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, March 16, 1865.

Major General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of the order of march of this command for to-morrow. * I am directed by the general commanding this wing of the army to say that in the absence of orders from your immediate commanding generals you will follow the disencubered divisions of Major-General Logan's (Fifteenth) army corps, but it is suggested that you remain in your present position to-morrow, as you will see from the order of march that this column moves forward but five miles.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Kinston, March 16, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Understanding that the late Congress passed a law to increase the efficiency of the Commissary Department, creating new grades, &amp;c., I desire, respectfully, to recommend Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Treat, chief commissary of subsistence of the Twenty-third Army Corps, for appointment as inspector in the Commissary Department, under that law. Lieutenant-Colonel Treat has been with me since I took command of the Army of the Ohio; was for the greater part of the time acting chief commissary of subsistence of the army in the field, and performed the duties of his office with a fidelity, zeal, and efficiency that eminently entitle him to promotion.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, March 16, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The boats with commissary stores, on account of the storm and an accident, did not proceed far yesterday. They went on to-day and I think will get through without further difficulty.

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p. 862.

---------------

