HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,In the Field, March 16, 1865.

Major THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: A strong picket of the enemy is maintained on the other side of Falling Creek. Information tolerably reliable shows that there is a small force of infatry, say 100 men, and some cavalry a short distance beyond. I crossed skirmishers this afternoon, but was unable to get horses across. Efforts will be made in the morning to cross either on the Goldsborough road or at some point north.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, 13 Miles on Raleigh Road out of Fayetteville,

March 16, 1865-2 a. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Thank you kindly for the shoes and pants, and still more for the certain knowledge that General Schofield is in possession of Kinston. That is of great importance, for thence to Goldsborough there are no bridges. I will, in consequence, move straight on Goldsborough. It is now raining hard and the bottom has fallen out, and we will have to corduroy every foot of the way. Hardee is ahead of me and shows fight. I will go at him in the morning with four divisions and push him as far as Averasborough before turning toward Bentonville and Cox's Bridge. My extreme right will aim for Everettsviole and Faison's. I am dlighted that General Sheridan is slashing away with his column of cavalry. He will be a disturbing element in the grand and beautiful game of war, and if he reaches me I'll make all North Carolina howl. I will make him a deed of gift of every horse in the State, to be settled for at the day of judgment. I cannot, of course, reach General Sheridan with any suggestions, but he should march for Danville, Greensborough, and Raleigh, or rather near those points, making some detours to mislead. Tell General Dodge to keep boats running up Cape Fear until he knows I am at my new base. This rain, so damaging to my land transportation, is a good thing for the river, which had fallen very much. He can use the rebel captured boats, which, if lost, are of no account. Each of those boats should be supplied a good barge that can hold all the crew in case the boat is caught by a fall in the river. Captain Young agreed to keep his gun-boats running busy and as high up as possible. I want to keep up the impression that I am using the Cape Fear River for supplies, for our foolish Northern journals have published the fact that I am aiming for New Berne, a fact that I had concealed from everybody not necessarily in my confidence. These fellows discovered it by the course taken by the supply boats from Port Royal.

Hoping to meet you soon, I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -We took some prisoners to-day, among them Colonel Alfred Rhett, of Fort Sumter, who command a brigade in Hardee's army.

SHERMAN.

