HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,March 16, 1865-6. 10 p. m.

Brevet Major-General AMES:

GENERAL: Major-General Terry directs me to say that Paine's division will not cross to-night. Lee's battery will, if it can. The wagon train is very much behind hand on account of the difficulty of crossing the bridge. Probably it will not be up in time to start in the morning. He thinks it would be best for you to push on the morning (starting at 6 o'clock) to South Washington, so as to protect the stores which he expects there by noon to-morrow, leaving Paine to come up with the wagons. Unless you hear something to the contrary from him during the night, please carry out this programme. You can take half the cavalry with you, leaving the other half with Paine. Please direct the officer commanding the cavalry to go into camp, and send one of the guides to Paine. You, of course, will have the whole picket duty on your side of the creek. Headquarters will be at the church, about half a mile this side the creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,In the Field, N. C., March 16, 1865.

Brigadier General C. J. PAINE,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding, deeming it of the utmost importance to have possession of South Washington before the arrival of our steamers at that place, so as to place their safety beyond a doubt, has directed General Ames to move at 6 a. m. to-morrow so as to arrive at that point by noon, the hour appointed for the arrival of the steamers. The scattered condition of our train requires that your command should be delayed until it can be closed up. You will please cross Burgaw Creek at 7 a. m. and move forward until there is sufficient space beyond the creek for the whole train to pass it, halting your command until it shall have done so. Your pioneers will be employed during the day to-morrow in repairing the road, as ordered to-day.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 16, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the quantity of cotton in this town and vicinity is probably between 5,000 and 10,000 bales. It is mostly held in small quantities by people who, mistrusting the value of the currency of the South, invested their savings in cotton as a means of securing something should the city fall into the hands of the Government troops. I would respectfully request instruction from

