
BEAMAN'S CROSS-ROADS,

March 17, 1865-1. 35 p. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: I have been here about half an hour. A brigade of rebel cavalry was here at the cross-roads this morning. Their rear guard of about forty men left as I came up; have halted one mile out on Bentonville road. I learn that the brigade was ordered to B. this morning. No signs of General Blair. Have sent scouting party toward Clinton with instructions to keep on till they meet the advance of Seventeenth Corps. Will go on myself in a few minutes. The road is excellent, and I see plenty of forage.

Respectfully,

WM. E. STRONG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

P. S. -There were two brigades here instead of one. General Butler was at the cross-roads last night. The command left at 10. 30 a. m.

Respectfully,

W. E. S.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 63. Jackson's Cross-Roads, N. C., March 17, 1865.

The disencumbered divisions of the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General J. A. Logan commanding, will move to-morrow on the Bentonville road, and leaving Troublefield's Store on the right, take the most direct road toward Everettsville, making a march of from twelve to fifteen miles. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move to-morrow to Troublefield's Store, at which point the column will be divided. One division, followed by the bridge train and surplus trains of the Fifteenth Army Corps, will move directly toward Everettsville. The other two divisions will move by a lower route toward Mount Olive. The corps will march a distance of twelve or fifteen miles, and in case anything should interrupt communication the march will be continued the next day to Everettsville and Mount Olive. These headquarters will follow the leading division of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, March 17, 1865-10 a. m.

Bvt. Major General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: At the direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to inform you that we have arrived at the cross-roads four miles and a half from your camp. All force of the enemy has withdrawn from this point, which is thirteen miles from Averasborough and seven miles from Beaman's Cross-Roads. The Fifteenth Corps will gointo camp near here, one division some distance down the road toward

