
March 15. Lieutenant General R. E. Lee had left Richmond and was supposed to be at Raleigh. Pickett's division had marched for that place on the 10th. Machinery and refugees were being sent to Greensborough, N. C. Clingman's brigade had been in Goldsborough-had marched for Raleigh on the 13th. On the 15th only one company of artillery was in the city; left to burn the cotton. Roads are good between this point and Goldsborough. Prisoner intelligent and communicate.

I have the honor to be, with greatest respect, your obedient servant,

J. R. SCUPHAM,

Assistant Topographical Engineer, Second Div., 15th Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH CORPS,March 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for information of higher commanders. This soldier says Goldsborough was evacauted on Monday last.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Head of Jones' Swamp, N. C., March 17, 1865-2 a. m.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at 9 a. m. yesterday, the 16th instant, and following the Second Division, moved on main Goldsborough road to head of Jones' Swamp, encamping near the forks of the main Goldsborough and Graham roads between 7 p. m. and 1 o'clock this a. m. The column was delayed a great deal by the almost impassable condition of the roads. The First Brigade is encamped on Goldsborough road, four regiments in line fronting east, and one regiment three-quarters of a mile in front, as an advance post, covering a small creek, upon the opposite side of which a brigade of Wheeler's and Butler's cavalry is reported to be stationed. Two regiments of the Second Brigade are in line on the Graham road, their right connecting with the left of the First Brigade; one regiment is on the Goldsborough road covering approaches from the rear. The artillery and trains are near, and these headquarters at the forks of road. Distance marched, eight miles. Upon my arrival at South River, one mile and a half from camp, I was obliged to halt my command and wait until 3. 40 for the Second Division trains to pass over. A portion of the time I had my pioneer corps at work hauling brick, having had some of my teams unloaded for that purpose, and filling the holes in the road to enable them to get out of my way.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jackson's Cross-Roads, N. C., March 17, 1865.

Major W. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command broke camp at head of Jones' Swamp at 8 this a. m. marched, following the

