
Second Division, eight miles on the Graham road, the last of the command encamping at about 3 p. m., as follows: The Second Brigade on north side of, and parallel with, the road, fronting north and connecting with the left of the Fourth Division; the First Brigade on the south side of and the right resting on the road fronting west, and covering approaches from the rear; artillery and trains in rear of the Second Brigade; headquarters on the south side of the road and about 300 yards in rear of the right of the First Brigade.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Little Cohera Creek, N. C., March 17, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command this instant: Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters I broke camp at 7 a. m. and moved upon the Goldsborough road to Jackson's Cross-Roads, six miles distant where I placed my command in an intrenched position for the night. In accordance with the orders from the major-general commanding corps, I dispatched one regiment of infantry to hold a bridge across Little Cohera about five miles distant from my position, which, however, was withdrawn in accordance with instructions upon the arrival of our cavalry to occupy the same.

I am, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDEERS, In the Field, near Little Cohera Creek, No. 46. March 17, 1865.

I. This division will be in readiness to march at 9 a. m., awaiting orders after that hour. Brigades in the order of First, Second, Third. The rear and advance guard will consist of two regiments each, which will be independent of the provost guards in advance and rear; the remainder of the troops moving by the side of trains, which must be well closed up. The movement will be in the direction of Everettsville.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 68. Beaman's Cross-Roads, N. C., March 17, 1865.

The following are the orders for to-morrow: Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding Third Division, will have the advance, and will move forward at 7 a. m., via Troublefield's Store, on the road to Mount Olive. The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will move forward at 6 o'clock, and will follow the Third Division to Troublefield's Store. It will then take the Everettsville road, via Dead Fields, and move

