
here and can go forward at once. The three regiments on the way to the front did not have time to fit out. Brigadier-General Birge, commanding division, is now here. Shall he come forward or remain with the brigade at Morehead? The two regiments repairing road do not belong to the brigade with the one on boats and those here.

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

KINSTON, March 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

New Berne:

Let General Birge remain until the main portion of his division comes forward. How many brigades in his division, and when may the last be expected at Morehead? Ask him if he knows what other troops are coming from the south. I want plenty of men at Morehead and New Berne to handle stores rapidly, and the balance to come forward.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KINSTON, March 17, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Berne:

I want all troops coming from the south with belong to organized brigades or divisions to come forward and join the army as rapidly as they can be spared, leaving General Easton such as he may require for fatigue and general duty. General Palmer will remain in command of the district. He will have for garrisons his old troops and such of those coming from the south as may be necessary, those without brigade organization being preferred.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, March 17, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

Mr. Van Dyne has just sent me a dispatch, received by him from Major Wherry, directing him to send all stores to the terminus of the railroad. I have instructed Mr. Van Dyne to obey the order, but it may seriously interfere with transportation during the next few days if supply trains are pushed forward now over the half finished track and in the way of the construction trains.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer and General Superintendent.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 5. In the Field, Kinston, March 17, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. A brigade not less than 1,000 strong, will one light battery, will be detailed from General Palmer's division for garrison and fatigue duty at Kinston and the railroad and wagon trains bridges near that place.

56 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II

