
The brigade will at once proceed to construct the proper defenses for the protection of the bridges and railroad depot under the direction of the chief engineer, and will furnish all details that may be required by the quartermaster at Kinston for fatigue duty. The brigade command will continue to report to Brigadier-General Palmer as heretofore.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 30. New Berne, N. C., March 17, 1865.

I. The detachment of the signal corps serving in the department will be organized as follos:

First. At department headquarters: One lieutenants as chief signal officer; one lieutenant, adjutant, officer in charge of records; one lieutenant, quartermaster, ordnance officer, and property officer commanding depot camp. The number of enlisted men will be determined as occasion may require.

Second. Two officers, two sergeants, with as many privates (not exceeding twelve) as the force of the department will allow, will be assigned to each division headquarters (provided such division is an independent command) for permanent duty.

Third. The officers and enlisted men not thus detached will constitute a reserve for service upon special expeditions, supplying temporary stations, completing lines of communication when the force at division headquarters may be inadequate, and for similar emergencies. This reserve to be at the depot camp.

Fourth. The entire detachment to be mounted and supplied with one light spring wagon for every two officers; heavier transportation to be allowed the property officers at department headquarters. Lieutenant E. H. Russell, chief signal officer, is charged with the execution of this order.

II. Lieutenant R. Williams, having been, assigned to duty as depot ordnance officer at this place, is charged with the following duties, viz: The care of the ordnance and ordnance stores in and about Wilmington in the manner prescribed by the chief ordnance officer, Department of North Carolina, and orders and circulars governing the ordnance department. The superintendence of the ordnance in Forts Fisher, Caswell, the defenses of Cape Fear River, and at Smithville, N. C., to see that all is properly accounted for, repaired, and kept in order. To keep in Wilmington a supply of ammunition, not exceeding 200 rounds per gun for the troops in the district for small-arms, and 200 rounds per gun for artillery. Lieutenant Williams will be governed by his experience in ordnance duties and the instructions of the commanding general and chief ordnance officer, Department of North Carolina. Commanding officers and the quartermaster's department are requested to furnish Lieutenant Williams all assistance in their power to the performance of the duties of his office.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

