HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Kinston, N. C., March 17, 1865.

Major WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the cavalry of this command under Colonel James W. Savage, Twelfth New York Cavalry, made a reconnsaissance to-day, crossing Falling Creek about four miles above the Goldsborough road. A short distance beyond the creek they met a rebel cavalry picket and drove them in upon their main force, about 100 strong, who speedily retreated. Our force pursued them for four miles and the gallop and succeeded in capturing seventeen prisoners, among them the surgeon of the Sixth North Carolina Cavalry. Colonel Savage reports that the railroad bridge over Falling Creek is wholly destroyed. The span is from sixty to seventy feet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Kinston, March 17, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer, &amp;c., New Berne:

Cannot the trains be now unloaded at the burnt saw-mill one mile and a half below Wise's Forks? The steam-boats are not getting up and our trains are not large enough to haul stores from Dover here. It will beside save some bad road. Please have it done unless some very strong reason exists to the contrary.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW BERNE, March 17, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX:

The trains of supplies cannot be run beyond Dover without interfering more or less with construction of the road, until we get the track to the river. It takes some little time, even after the rails are down, to surface up the track and make it so that trains can pass over it safely. However, if you wish, we will try running trains to the end crossing you name in your dispatch, but unless the quartermaster has them unloaded promptly it will cause serious delay to construction.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Kinston, March 17, 1865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Second and Third Divisions, 23rd Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to ask you to see that all the ties necessary to complete the railroad to the river shall be gotten out, and also that you open two or three good wagon roads from your headquarters to the railroad near the bridge. Your communication of this p. m. containing information of Colonel Strickland's progress is just received, and meets with the major-general commanding's approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

