
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 16. Charleston, S. C., March 17, 1865.

George A. Gardner is hereby announced as aide-de-camp on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, with the rank of captain, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Lieutenant George L. Burger, Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting aide-de-camp on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respect accordingly.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-fifth Mass. Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CITY POINT, VA., March 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General DYER,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

There must be a large amount of ordnance and ordnance stores in the Departments of North Carolina and the South, which can not be at use in either of these departments and much of which might answer to fill requisitions from other parts of the country. It probably will be advisable to send siege stores from Charleston to Mobile Bay without waiting requisitions.

U. S. GRAN,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Twenty-seven Miles from Goldsborough,

March 18, 1865-2 p. m.

General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The Fourteenth Corps is here, but the Twentieth is well back. It started from Averasborough and North River with Kilpatrick to the north of the road. We heard some musketry and artillery in that direction, but Colone Poe left Mingo Creek, which he bridged, at 11, at which time the Twentieth Corps was half a mile behind. We cannot get any farther to-day. Davis may go a couple miles farther to the forks of the road. I think this road, the Averasborough and Goldsborough road, will lead to Cox's Bridge, though it is represented as passing three miles south of Bentonville. Get on to the right hand road so that Geary and his trains may take that to Goldsborough via Cox's Bridge. I think the enemy is concentrated about Smithland [Smithfield] and I cannot make out whether Goldsborough is held in force or not. I think it probable that Joe Johnston will try to prevent our getting Goldsborough. We find a good deal of forage to-day, but the roads still cut deep. I hope the sun of to-day will dry them up good.

Our map is evidently faulty. Can't you send me, to-night, a sketch of the country toward Dead Fields, Everettsville, and Faison's? I fear Slocum will be jammed with all his trains in a narrow space; but at the same time I don't want to push you off too far still this flank is better covered by the Neuse.

