
o'clock yesterday afternoon. If General Blair's pontoons are sent to the Little Cohera so as not to detain me, I can cross that stream to-day. The roads for several miles ahead are said to be very bad. I cannot promise to make Beaman's Cross-Roads before day after to-morrow some time in the day-that is to say, on the 20th.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. TRAIN GUARD, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On the Road, March 18, 1865-8 a. m.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I think I made a mistake in my note of this morning as to the time I expect to reach Beaman's Cross-Roads. I think I named day after to-morrow, the 20th. I meant to say to-morrow, the 19th. I have just heard from the river and learn that the pontoons will be ready for use by the time we reach there. We are making very good progress this morning, but the roads are awful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Train Guard.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Benton's Cross-Roads, N. C., March 18, 1865.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at 7 o'clock this a. m., and following the Second Division marched eleven miles on Bentonville road to Monk's plantation, thence one mile on Clinton road to Benton's Cross-Roads, encamping on the Bentonveille road at 3 p. m. The position of the troops is as follows: The First Brigade is in line, its right connecting with the left of the Second Division, and its left resting on the Bentonville road, fronting east. The Second Brigade is on the left of the First Brigade, in column by regiments, fronting east, its right resting on the road and its left on a swamp. Artillery and trains are in rear of First and Second Brigades. Headquarters are on south side of the road and 250 yards in rear of the left of First Brigade. In compliance with instructions from the major-general commanding corps, a regiment, (Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry) was sent to reconnoiter the Bentonville road. It moved out four miles without meeting any force, but three-fourths of a mile farther on a small mounted force accompanying the regiment met and drove in a strong cavalry picket post. At this point, from the best information obtained, two regiments of cavalry and one battery were stationed until 2 o'clock this p. m. They hda thrown up intrenchments of rails and earth. At the above-mentioned hour they fell back to the forks of the Smithfield and Goldsborough roads.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

