HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Lee's House, Seven Miles east of Mingo Creek, March 18, 1865-7 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I have reached this point with the First Division, and the trains are coming in. General Ward, with the bulk of the train, is still back, but will make this point to-night; but he will probably be late, as the roads have been bad, requiring much work. I shall start at daylight in the morning and push on as rapidly as possible. I understand that a brigade of General Kilpatrick's cavalry are encamped at the cross-roads six miles back from here; they came up from our rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Lee's House, March 18, 1865.

This command will move to-morrow in the same order as to-day, the First Division starting promptly at 6 a. m., the Third Division starting in time to keep closed up to the trains of the preceding command. General Jackson will march two brigades in advance, and will make all necessary repairs to the road. He will cover with his other brigade his own train, and the ambulance train. General Ward will cover his own trains with one brigade, the other two will march in rear of all trains. One battery of artillery will report to General Ward, to march with the rear guard; the balance of the artillery will march in rear of the troops of General Jackson's division. The Michigan Engineers with their tool wagons will follow the advanced artillery, starting at 6. 30 a. m. The balance of their wagons will follow the wagons of the First Division. The ambulance train will follow the tool wagons of the Michigan Engineers.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Benton's Cross-Roads, March 18, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the head of our column reached this point and commenced going into camp at 11. 30 a. m. Our headquarters are near the house of Mr. Benton, on the new Goldsborough road, about a mile and a half from Blackman's Lee's Store. The general thinks that you may be able to reach this point (Lee's Store) with your trains to night, as the roads are very good. We heard skirmishing on our left this morning, probably between the forages of the Fourteenth Corps and the enemy; also some artillery firing in the same direction, which likely you heard also.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Lee's Store is twenty-six miles from Goldsborough.

