HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Benton's Cross-Roads, March 18, 1865.

Major General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It is reported to me, but I think it a mistake, that you have taken a right-band road leading to Troublefield's Store. If you have done so, I think you had better take a left-hand road and come to this road; for if your move on the lower one you will get in rear of all my trains, which will put you back at least two days. The road I am now in is called the Goldsborough new road. It leads to the right from the direct road I have been traveling on, a short distance south of Falling Creek, and strikes the other road near the point Dead Fields.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Black River, N. C., March 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The cavalry are having some fighting near Mingo Creek. The troops of the First Division are ordered forward. The general directs that you take charge of the whole train and bring it forward as rapidly as possible. The troops of the First Division that were sent to the rear to held forward some wagons are also ordered up, so that if the men are needed there you will have to replace them. The general wishes ou to send one brigade across to this side as soon as possible, to cover the wagons as they come over. It can be halted on this side if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Kinston, March 18, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have received your several dispatches from Fayetteville, including that of the 14th. I regret extremely that I am not able to accomplish all that you have wished. There has been no enemy in my front since the defeat of Bragg on the 10th. The question of going to Goldsborough has been simply one of supplies. Lieutenant-Colonel Twining will explain to you the situation here, and bring me your orders. I shall be most happy to join you again and take the place you have assigned me in the grand army.

Most truly, yours,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 18, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General Easton has ordered all transportation for you to be stopped at Morehead and this place. Is it in accordance with instructions from you? Will the regiment on boats return with them, or remain at the

