
regard to the troops from the south: The four regiments of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, now at Morehead City, I have thought best to leave there for General Easton, and in addition have offered to send him a fraction of the Twenty-eighth Iowa, now here, if he needs them. This regiment belongs to the Second Brigade of same division, but is less than half here; balance not yet arrived at Morehead. The two regiments now en route to the front, repairing wagon roads (viz, One hundred and twenty-eight and One hundred and seventy-fifth New York), belong to the Third Brigade, but I presume it will not be thought expedient to return them for the purpose of again getting the brigade together. In addition to these two regiments of the Third Brigade I propose to send two regiments of the Second Brigade, viz, Twenty-second Iowa and One hundred and thirty-first New York, forward at once. The four regiments will then be under command of Colonel Graham, Twenty-second Iowa, now commanding Second Brigade, who, I am told, is a good officer. The four regiments will amount to about 1,170 officers and men. The regiment now on transports going forward to Kinston belongs to the Second Brigade. I think that with the few troops doing post duty, the quartermaster's employes, and the negroes that could be commanded in case of necessity, all the necessary work can be done here with sufficient rapidity. As soon as the other regiments of the Second Brigade arrive (if they arrive at all), I will send them forward unless otherwise ordered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

KINSTON, March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Headquarters Department of North Carolina:

The commanding general directs that your order all officers belonging to General Sherman's army now in New Berne to report to him at these headquarters in the field.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

KINSTON, March 18, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer Military Railroads, New Berne:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to ask you to have all stores for the front unloaded at Burnt Mill. This, he thinks, ought not to interfere with the construction, and the quartermaster will be directed to have everything unloaded promptly.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 17. New Berne, N. C., March 18, 1865.

All able-bodied men withing the lines of the army who have no legitimate employment are required to report without delay to the nearest provost-marshal for enrollment, in order that they may be employed in the quartermaster's department. Provost-marshals will take measures

