
to secure full compliance with this order within their respective jurisdictions. The names of all persons enrolled with be reported to Brigadier General L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster Military Division of the Mississippi and upon his requisition, such number as he may require will be ordered to report to him for labor in the quartermaster's department. They will, while so employed receive the usual compensation and subsistence. Hereafter the commissary department will not issue rations to any person not in the Government service, except such as are unable from age or infirmity to work, and are actually dependent upon charity for their support. There is work enough for all, and none will be allowed to live in idleness while supported by the Government. The general commanding the District of Beaufort will cause this order to be strictly complied with.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, No. 6. In the Field, Kinston, March 18, 1865.

I. The troops will be prepared to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, with three days' rations in haversacks, and seventy rounds of ammunition (thirty in knapsacks). All available wagons will be filled with subsistence stores and forage, and will follow the troops as soon as practicable.

II. Lieutenant Jasper Myers, chief of ordnance, Department of North Carolina, will cause to be established a temporary ordnance depot for the supply of the army in the field. This depot will be transferred to the front as rapidly as the facilities for transportation by railroad will pemit.

III. Major General J. D. Cox is relieved from command of the District of Beaufort, but will retain his present command of troops in the field. Brigadier General I. N. Palmer will resume command of his district, and will hereafter report directly to these headquarters. Brigadier General S. P. Carter is assigned to command the division of the District of Beaufort, serving with the army in the field, and Brigadier General G. S. Greene to the command of the Provisonal Division, composed of troops belonging to the Armies of the Tennessee and Cumberland.

IV. Surg. S. C. Whittier, Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, is hereby detailed as surgeon in charge of depot hospital, Kinston, N. C.

V. Lieutenant E. F. Everett, Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, is hereby detailed for special duty in the ordnance department, and will report to Lieutenant Jasper Myers, chief of ordnance, Department of North Carolina, for instructions.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

WM. M. WHERRY,Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, No. 10. Kinston, N. C., March 18, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. All the troops of the provisional brigades of this command, and those especially assigned to regiments of regular organizations, will report without delay to Brigadier-General Greene for organization into a provisional division.

