
IV. All the troops of the First Division of the District of Beaufort serving in the field, except the brigade and battery detached under the command of Brigadier-General Harland, will report without delay to Brigadier General S. P. Carter, to be consolidated with the remaining troops of the Second Division, District of Beaufort, which will hereafter be known as the division of the District of Beaufort.

V. The battery of 3-inch ordnance guns at present serving with the First Division, District of Beaufort, will report until further orders to Brigadier-General Greene, commanding Provisional Division.

VI. The staff of the First Division, District of Beaufort, in the field, excepting the personal staff of Brigadier-General Palmer, will report for temporary duty to Brigadier-General Greene, commanding Provisional Division.

By command of Major-General.

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, No. 13. In the Field, N. C., March 18, 1865.

I. In accordance with orders from headquarters Department of North Carolina, this division, with the exception of the brigade of General Harland, will be prepared to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow with three days' rations in their haversacks and seventy rounds of ammunition (thirty in knapsacks). All available wagons will be filled with subsistence stores and forage, and will follow the troops as soon as possible. The division commissary train will undoubtedly be here to-night, when the haversacks can be filled. If there be lack of ammunition in the command, plenty of . 574 can be procured at these headquarters. The following will be the order of march should the troops be ordered to move: First, the brigade of Colonel Claassen, followed by his 3-inch battery, and, second, the brigade of Colonel Boughton, immediately in rear of which all the wagons ready to move will march. Those subsequently loaded will follow. Brigade commanders will leave a small guard to bring up any wagons that remain behind to load. Colonel Boughton will detail from his command a strong rear guard under a commissioned officer to march in rear of the first wagons, with orders to suppress all pillaging and straggling.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

IV. The Fifteenth Connecticut Volunteers and Battery A, Third New York Artillery (dismounted), having been transferred from Second Division, District of Beaufort, to this division, they are assigned to duty with the First Brigade, and will report to Brigadier-General Harland, commanding.

By command of Brigadier-General Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS, No. 61. Near Island Creek, N. C., March 18, 1865.

I. General Paine's division will again lead the march to-morrow and will move at 7 a. m. General Ames' division will follow, one brigade being detailed as rear guard to follow the train and render it such

