
crossing of Falling Creek, and my advance was considerably delayed in consequence. Passing beyond General John E. Smith's cam this evening I continued as directed on the road leading to Cox's Bridge, halting when some three miles and a half from the bridge, and half a mile from the point of intersection as made by the Bentonville road, encamping my two brigades in position in the line designated by Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, assistant inspector-general, Department of the Tennessee. I have put my battery on the line between my brigades. Good substantial works are being rapidly thrown up along my entire front, and I am also building a barbetter work for my guns. My line faces westward, connecting on the right with Colonel Wever, of Second Brigade, Third Division, my headquarters being located at the cemetery near the road in rear. Inclosed find list of casualties since last report, as received by me this evening.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

BIG COHERA RIVER, March 19, 1865-7 a. m.

Major WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The rear of the train reached Beaman's Cross-Roads at 4 o'clock this morning. The head of the column is now at this place. The crossing here is bad, although the bridge is standing. I shall push on as far as possible to-day. I made thirteen miles and bridges and crossed the Little Cohera yesterday.

Respectfully,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Falling Creek Post-Office, March 19, 1865.

Major General W. B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Slocum needs aid quick. You will please move your command back via Blackman Lee's Store, and from there, under direction of General Slocum's senior aide-de-camp, across to the Left Wing, reporting to Major-General Slocum.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blackman Lee's Store, N. C., March 19, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that this command remained in camp at this point all day till 5 p. m., waiting for other troops to pass. It then moved in rear of the Fourth Division to King's house, seven miles, when orders were received to retrace the march and report to Major General Slocum.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

