
CONFIDENTIAL.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Savannah, Ga., Numbers 19. January 19, 1865.

I. Major General J. G. Foster, commanding Department of the South, will occupy in force the city of Savannah and river defenses and maintain a good, strong picket in connection with the gun-boats at or near Purysburg. He will also establish an intrenched camp at or near Pocotaligo, covering Port Royal Ferry and the road back to Broad River.

II. Major-General Howard, commanding Right Wing, Army in the Field, will group his army in front of Coosawhatchie and Pocotaligo, prepared to move inland with his wagons containing five days' forage and provisions and ammunition to the full capacity of his wagons in about the same proportion as when the army left Atlanta. He will continue to draw supplies from the head of Broad River up to the last moment before departure.

III. Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, Army in the Field, will in like manner conduct his wing to convenient camps in the neighborhood of Robertsville, extending toward Coosawhatchie, loading his wagons in the manner prescribed for the Right Wing and drawing his supplies up to the last moment from Purysburg and Sister's Ferry on the Savannah River.

IV. Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick will move his cavalry in concert with the Left Wing, cross the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry and picket the roads in front of the Left Wing and open communication with Coosawhatchie, drawing his supplies also from the depot at Sister's Ferry.

V. Headquarters of the army will be established first at Coosawhatchie, to which point army commanders will report all matters of interest and the earliest moment possible that they will be ready to move inland.

The Right Wing will establish a depot for sick and property at Hilton Head; the Left Wing and cavalry corps the same at Savannah, and each corps will leave behind all unnecessary servants and noncombatants, all tents save one for headquarters of brigade and upwards, flies to shelter from the weather, and tents necessary for hospital purposes; also all chests for office papers and other baggage not necessary for use in battle, with orders for their office papers and necessary baggage to follow them by water.

VI. The Chief quartermaster and commissary of the Army in the Field will use all possible exertion to push forward supplies to the points named in this order, and will be prepared to follow the movements of the army by water, with the provisions, forage, and stores necessary for a resupply.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Savannah, January 19, 1865. (Via Hilton Head.)

Major-General HOWARD:

Dispatch received. Break up railroad at leisure and either send away the iron or disable it absolutely. General Grover arrived yesterday and to-day I install him in command. Accumulate food and forage

