
In view of the probable importance of the dispatches, the major-general commanding orders that you send at as early an hour as practicable to-morrow a detachment of your command to Kinston and communicate with General Schofield at that point or wherever he may be, delivering these dispatches. We have received orders to move to Falling Creek at 3 a. m. to-morrow to the support of General Slocum, who reports that he has met a large force, and thinks the whole of Johnston's army is confronting him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 70. Smith's Chapel, N. C., March 19, 1865.

The orders for to-morrow are as follows: Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will leave with his train his smallest brigade and will move forward with the rest of his command on the most direct route to Falling Creek, at 3 a. m., reporting to Major-General Howard at that point. The commanding generals of the Third and Fourth Divisions will leave with their trains one regiment each as guard, to be under command of the senior officer, and the trains will remain in their present position until further orders. Major-General Mower's train will remain in its present position until further orders. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move forward on the road to Falling Creek at 3 a. m. The Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force comanding, will follow the Fourth Division. Headquarters and regiment train and ambulances, with ten ordnance wagons, will move with each division. The trains of the Third and Fourth Divisions will be parked close together, and the commanding officers of the regiments left as guard will take all necessary measures for its protection. Foragers will be kept with the command to-morrow, and will, under no circumstances, be permitted to leave the line of march.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 63. Chapel's Church, N. C., March 19, 1865.

This command will move forward at 3. 30 a. m. to-morrow in rear of Fourth Division. The Second Brigade, Colonel G. F. Wiles commanding, will have the advance. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery, Lieutenant Bailey commanding, will follow the Second Brigade. The First Brigade, Colonel C. Fairchild commanding, will follow the battery. Troops will move on the right of the road. Trains in usual order. No foragers will be permitted to leave the command to-morrow.

By order of Brigadier General M. F. Force:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field [March 19, 1865]-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I am convinced that the enemy are in strong force in my front. Prisoners report Johnston, Hardee, Hoke, and others present.

