
at Pocotaligo and establish a depot at Hilton Head for your suite and the baggage and officers to be left behind. It will be some days before Jeff. Davis gets up to Robertsville or Logan gets to Pocotaligo, but I will push matters as fast as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 17. Beaufort, S. C., January 19, 1865.

* * * * * * *

VII. To facilitate the supplying of this command with quartermaster's and commissary stores, the following deports will be established under the direction of the Chief quartermaster and the Chief commissary of subsistence.

1. For the Seventeenth Corps at Mackay's Point and the landing at Tullifinny.

2. For the First and Second Divisions, Fifteenth Army Corps, at Beaufort, S. C. ; for the Third and Fourth Divisions, Fifteenth Army Corps, at General Hatch's wharf.

3. Colonel Conklin, Chief quartermaster, will accumulate supplies at the points above named, making Beaufort, however, the principal depot. Lieutenant-Colonel Remick, Chief commissary of subsistence, will supply the command with at least thirty days' rations of small stores and all the hard bread and other stores which the transportation of the army will admit of. He will also accumulate at the points above mentioned, especially at Beaufort all the stores possible.

4. Whenever supplies can be accumulated more rapidly by any change in the points herein indicated the Chief quartermaster will act accordingly, and notify the command to be affected by the change, the object being to secure to the army the largest possible amount of supplies.

VIII. So much of Special Field Orders, Numbers 107, extract 5, series 1864, and Numbers 3, extract 1, current series, as relieves Captain Fred. F. Whitehead, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, form further duty in this Army, is hereby revoked. Captain Whitehead will report to Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

IX. Lieutenant Colonel R. R. Townes, assistant adjutant-general, Fifteenth Army Corps, having returned to duty, Major Maxwell Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from further duty in the Fifteenth Army Corps and will forthwith report in person to the Major-general commanding for assignment.

X. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will break up the railroad from Pocotaligo to the Salkehatchie, destroying it absolutely, sending away the iron or rendering it worthless to the road.

XI. 1. The sick and wounded of this army will, under the direction of the medical director, be taken to Beaufort, S. C., and there provided for.

2. All unnecessary baggage and articles not absolutely required in the present campaign will be taken to the depot at Beaufort, S. C., and there stored in charge of proper officers.

* * * * * * *

