HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ten Miles southwest of Goldsborough,

Sunday, March 19, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Kinston:

To-night my Left Wing will be at Cox's Bridge, and Right Wing within ten miles of Goldsborough. To-morrow we will cross the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge and near Goldsborough, to prevent the enemy reoccupying Goldsborough in force. The scout (Pike) has arrived with your dispatch of 17th. Continue to extend the railroadas fast as possible, and I expect you to move toward Goldsborough even if it be unnecessary, as I don't want to lose men in a direct attack when it can be avoided. Don't depend altogether on your depot, but collec forage and provisions of the people. Tell Generals Easton and Beckwith to estimate for 100,000 men. I must give my men and animals some rest. We whipped Hardee easily about Averasborough. All retreated on Smithfield and Raleigh.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 19, 1865-5 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Since making my dispatch of to-day, General Slocum reports the enemy in force between him and Cox's Bridge; thinks it is the main army of the enemy. I can hardly suppose the enemy will attempt to fight us this side the Neuse, but will direct all my columns on Cox's Bridge to-morrow. You must secure Goldsborough and fortify.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Kinston, N. C., Numbers 7. March 19, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The army will march of Goldsborough at 6 a. m. to-morrow, taking the river road on the north side of the river. General Cox will take the advance. The men will carry four days' rations and seventy rounds of ammunition. All wagons, except those absolutely necessary for baggage, and twenty-five teams for the pontoon train, will be loaded with subsistance stores and follow the troops. General Couch will cross his artillery and wagons on the pontoon bridge early in the morning (using the trestle bridge for the infantry), and as soon as the wagons are across, the pontoon bridge will be taken up and move with the rear of the column. The chief quartermaster will provide twenty-five teams to haul the pontoon train.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

