
that the army, or a part of it, is at Mount Olive, I propose to march toward that place to-morrow, unless I should in the meantime receive contrary instructions. I have found on the railroad two engines in tolerable repair, and one which can be repaired; also four freight cars which can be used at once, and some ten or twelve others which could be made serviceable in five or six days, provided workmen could be provided. The machine-shop at Magnolia is in good condition. The superintendent of the road, Colonel S. L. Fremout, informs me that as far as he is aware, the road remains uninjured between the Northeast Branch and the Neuse. I propose to send all the available cars down to Northeast, and to request General Hawley, who now commands at Wilmington, to send up stores (bread, coffee, sugar, and oats) by steamers to that point. My troops have rations for six days from to morrow morning. I have forage for four days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,Magnolia Station, N. C., March 19, 1865.

Colonel S. L. FREMONT,

Chief Engineer and Supt. Wilmington and Weldon R. R. Co.:

COLONEL: The Wilminton and Weldon Railroad, with its rollingstock, repair shops and appurtenances, has this day been taken possession by the Government of the United States for military purpose. No property of any kind or description will be removed from the road, its deport, &amp;c., except that which is strictly the private property of its employes. The provisions, medicines, and other supplies belonging to the railroad company, will, until further orders, be used under your direction for the benefit of its employes.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAGNOLLA, N. C., March 19, 1865-12. 35 p. m.

Bvt. Major General A. AMES:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you march the column under your command beyond Kenanasville and as near to Faison's Depot as possible to-night, making a march of about twenty miles to-day. The general will go from here to Faison's, and wishes you to send a staff officer on there with some cavalry to report the place of your half for the night, &c. Artillery firing has been heard in a northwest directions from here last night and this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 66. Near Mill Creek, N. C., March 20, 1865.

The following operations of this command will take place to-morrow. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will

58 R R-VOL XLVII, PT II.

