
extend his lines to the left somewhat, so as to get a good left flank, and by demonstrating against the enemy's lines annoy him as much as possible. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, forming on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps, will work against the left flank or rear of the enemy's lines at any point between his position and the river. Each corps commander will organize a train of wagons now empty from the ordnance and supply trains to proceed to Kinston and bring forward hard bread, sugar, soffee, boots, and shoes. The trains will move via Everettsville or Mount Olive. As the route is well protected by our forces a small guard will be sufficient.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Mill Creek, March 20, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general wishes you to have a vigilant watch kept on the enemy's lines, so that we may be advised the moment the enemy falls back from his lines, should he do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Ajutant-General.

(Same to General Blair.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bentonville Cross-Roads, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Ajutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that my command, being ready to move at 5 a. m., as directed in orders received from corps headquarters last night, moved out not long afterward, taking the first left-hand road as instructed. I had not continued long on this road before my head of column met with he outpost of the enemy. The skirmishing was at times considerable, continuing to increase as I approached my present position. Here the enemy has been developed in my front, well fortified, his line running very nearly paralled to the road on which we marched. My loss is about forty. I will forward a list of casualties as soon as received from brigade commanders, and I will forward a more full report of the part taken by my division at the earliest possible date. * My line, which connects on the right with General Corse, covers the road which leads to Smithfield, my left being refused so as to extend a considerable distance to the left of the road on which I have been marching to-day. My headquarters are at the cross-roads just in rear of my lines.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 246.

---------------

