HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mill Creek, N. C., March 20, 1865.

[General C. R. WOODS:]

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to strengthem your position during the night, keeping a strong skirmish line well advanced. In the morning he desires you to push forward your skirmishers, more fully to develop the position of the enemy. You will please park your train to the left of the main road and at a sufficient distance from our lines to insure their safety in the event of an engagement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Corse.)
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,March 20, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have brought the train forward and camped it on Buck Creek with the train of General Mower's division, Seventeenth Army Corps. Both trains are guarded by a brigade of General Mower's division. I have moved the troops of this brigade two miles farther to the front. I am only waiting for Colonel Carpenter's supply wagons to come up to move forward. I shall go five miles farther to-night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Bennettsville [Bentonville], N. C., March 20, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that at 11 p. m. last night I received orders to march my division, via Blackman Lee's Store, to the place where the Left Wing was confronting the enemy, and report for service to Major-General Slocum. The command arrived at sunrice, having marched fourteen miles, or eighteen after sunset of the previous day, and was assigned a reserve position. At about 11 a. m. I received orders from General Slocum to push a strong line of skirmishers, well supported, to the right of his lines, to find the enemy and engage him. The line, composed of two regiments, was deployed, and moved in the direction indicated, and after about three hours maneuvering in swamps, the lines of the enemy were found, but retired at a very sharp angle from the direction he was looked for, when my lines were at once re-enforced by a brigade, were connected with the First Division, Fifteenth Corps, on the right, the left being much in advance of the Fourteenth Crops, and the enemy's pickets were at once assailed and driven to the main line, with a loss to us of 5 killed and 9 wounded. My pickets were here intrenched in close proximity to the lines of the enemy, and remained in this position till he withrew.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

