
SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, On Goldsborough Road, Numbers 48. Two Miles from Neuse River, March 20, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will be in readiness to move on Bentonville at 5 a. m. the 20th instant, prepared for battle. No wagons to accompany them except those necessary in case of an engagement. All others will be closely parked at the cross-raods, near General Woods' camp, under a guard detailed from corps headquarters. Brigade commanders will see that the men bake up all the corn meal in their possession during the night, to be carried in haversacks. Brigades in the order of Third, First, Second. There are to-night strong indications of an engagement with the enemy during the day, and in order that the troops may be prepared for such an event, should it take place on this ground, as many men as there are tools will be actively engaged in the work of constructing fortifiations under energetic officers. In case the division marches to the support of the Left Wing, or as above directed, the wagons to be taken will move in rear of battery, the center brigade by the side of same.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, on Goldsborough Road, March 20, 1865.

Brigadier General E. W. RICE,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: By direction of the brevet major-general commanding division I have the honor to communicate to you the following instructions in his name: The movements of this instant will doubtless be very important, with a prospect of meeting the enemy, who is said to be commanded by General Lee in person. By the accompanying order* you will see what disposition is to be made of trains, and it is very important that your command is brought forward to this point in time for the movement expressed in said order should such take place, bringing forward all trains, including General Sherman's, which, however, must not interfere with the movements of the troops. You can supply your command with meal and meat from any such you may find in the hands of the division foraging detail, this being your aurthority for so doing. The labor to be performed, though it may be severe, is rendered necessary by the exigencies of the service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 20, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST BRIGADE;

You will strengthen your position as much as possible during the night in anticipation of an attack in the morning. Where it can bed done abatis will be extended well in front of the works, and when the

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

