
works are in open field lines of palisades can be constructed. Troops will at all times be in readiness to take to their arms. You will also, if practicable, intrench your skirmish line.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Ajutant-General.

(Same to commanding officers Second and Third Brigades.)
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 20, 1865.

Brigadier General M. F. FORCE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Blair directs me to say that he wishers you to help forward the ordnance train of the Fourth Division if it gets into trouble, and at the same time push forward yourself, following the Fourth Division.

Respectully,

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 20, 1865-2 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Yours of 8 p. m. 19th is just received, and I acknowledge receipt by direction of the general-in-chief, who instructs me also to say that the whole army is moving to your assistance as rapidly as possible. Upon its approach he wishes you to be prepared to assume the offensive against the enemy. Colonel Asmussen has directions for you. All ambulances will be given you that can.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Ajutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Falling Creek Church, March 20, 1865-4 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I got a dispatch from General Schofield yesterday saying he would start from Kinston for Goldsborough yesterday or to-day. I have just received information that General Terry camped his troops five miles south of Faison's yesterday, and that he in person reached Faison's on a train last night. I have ordered him to feel into Goldsborough for General Schofield and up to Cox's Bridge for me. We all move at 5 a. m. toward you; hold fast to your position, which I take for granted is now well fortifield, but be ready to attack the enemy the moment you see signs of let go; follow him as far as Mill Creek, and take position covering the movement of your trains on the direct Goldsborough road. If it be true that General Terry has reached Faison's on a train, we will be able to send your wounded down to

