HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,March 20, 1865-12 midnight.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Your communication of 8 p. m. has come to hand. I have already found a road around the flank of the enemy, and sent my wagons on it. My hospitals are also established on it. I had the Michigan Enginners at work on a bridge on that road, with instructions of put the road in good order. I can, at any time, moved this wing to the Goldsborough road without a fight. I placed Hazen in position on my right, so that he could join his corps. The enemy has a good road leading from his position to Smithfield, with intrenchments covering it. If you find it necessary to fight him, I shall try to carry that part of his line, as it will cut off his retreat. I will send you a plat of the country to-morrow. I have given Major Audenried the details of yesterday's affair. Johnston was too slow; he allowed me to discover his stength before he made any strong efforts, and then found my men behind a very strong line of works. I have an excellent line, and the men were very industrions yesterday afternoon and last night. I do not believe my losses will exceed 1,500 killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy left many dead in front of my line. I will give you details as soon as possible.

Yours, truly,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,In the Field, N. C., March 20, 1865-7. 50 a. m.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move forward your skirmish line along the whole line and support it, but without bringing on a general engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant-General.

(Same to General Williams.)

HEAQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

In the Field, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Brevet Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send to your train for a couple of days' rations for your troops, and order the balance of the train direct to Goldsborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

