
so that I could not ascertain their contents. I send them forward, although from a verbal message given to me by the operator I suppose them to have been intended for me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,Mount Olive, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Colonel M. KERWIN,

Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will immediately proceed by the Bentonville road and Falling Creek bridge to report with your command to Major-General Sherman, whom you will find at or beyond the bridge mentioned above.

By order of Major-General Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HDQRS. PROVISIONAL CORPS,

Near Falling Creek, N. C., March 20, 1865.

The corps will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, General Paine, with two brigades of his division, leading. One brigade of Paine's division will be left with the train, which will be moved forward in the morning to a point about three miles in advance of the present bivouac, where the trains of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps are now parked. The only wagons to accompany the troops will be the headquarters wagons, those of the batteries, and ten wagons of the ordnance train, not including regimental headquarters wagons. The pontoon train will be parked with the train.

By order of Major-General Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a field return of the forces under my command (A) on the 19th instant. It does not include the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, of Brevet Major-General Ames' division, on Levison Creek, right bank of the Cape Fear, about fifteen miles distant, guarding a pontoon bridge and protecting an expected column of refugees. Probably there are also a few scattered individuals or squads left irrgularly with baggage, &amp;c., though General Abbott, commanding post, has hunted up nearly all such. I suppose that as fast as eny considerable number of the invalids become fit for duty I am to forward them. I forward also a hospital morning report of the 19th, showing 3,689 sick. About 100 have since come in by way of Northeast River from Major-General Terry's column. About

