
and saving captured and abandoned personal property. He is doing good service. It requires great vigilance to keep from being cheated and robbed by lying rebels or thieving Northern speculators. Some cotton and tobacco, about which there was no question, has already been duly invoiced to the Treasury agent and sent to New York. Two or three parties have appeared here will cotton or rosin permits. They have not shown their papers, and I warn all persons not to make sales or transfers of such property without permission from district headquraters, under penalty of being imprisoned or summarily ejected, before I can get at the new legislation of Congress on these subjects or receive orders from Major-General Schofield. One Mr. Gibbons, contractor for the hides of Gevernment beeves slaughtered, disclose to me a desire that I should share in cotton and rosin speculations, he furnishing capital and I official assistance. He declared at New Berne General Palmer had made $10,000 in one trade. Satisfied that he came here to defraud the Government, I put him in the watch-house, where he remains. Mr. Heaton, special supervising Treasury agent, has reported here with his local agents to care for property and trade-to all appearances a gentleman of integrity and certainly one of experience. He certainly relieves us of much embarrassment. I hope that the project of sending the surplus negroes to General Saxton's district will be carried out. It is rapidly getting late for the planting season, and our want of seeds, implements, and mules and carts makes it very difficult to lacate them upon abandoned lands near here. The inclosed newspaper contains, among other orders, one providing for a fund to meet the semi-civil expenditures that I can hereby avoid. The rates are lower than are imposed in neighboring districts and will be reduced if they are likely to raise more than an economical administration will need. The long-expected construction corps does not arrive, save that about 200 men have come, under at Mr. Hawkesworth, who are busily engaged at the railroad machime-shops and putting the station in order. I have received favorably the renewed advances of certain parties who profess a desire to bring in some rolling-stock of the Manchester road and put the track in order, at least as far as the Little Pedee. The talk results in nothing thus far. I shall be very grateful for any instructions, advice, or suggestions the major-general commanding may have leisure to send. Venturing to congratulate him upon his continued success, I remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 20, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Ransom, of the quartermaster's department, now on duty transferring the cotton captured at Savannah to the Treasury agents, be assigned to the same duties in the city of Charleston. The amount of cotton captured at Charleston will probably reach as high as 6,000 bales.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

