
WASHINGTON, March 21, 1865-5 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Dispatch of 9 a. m. received. Rolling-stock is being sent to New Berne. General McCallum, who received his instructions directly from General Sherman at Savannah, is attending to this. It is not going forward as fast as I could wish. Its embarkation is confined to certain docks at New York and Wilmington, Del., where alone the facilities are to be found, and where the wide gauge, engines and cars are collected. General McCallun was here last week, and has gone back to New York to urge it forward. It requires many vessels, and the ice interfered with the earlier shipments. Whatever is possible is being done to get forward a sufficient supply of rolling-stock. Your distatch will be sent to him.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., Numbers 33. March 21, 1865.

I. Major-General Howard, commanding Right Wing, will retain only such wagons as are essential to immediately operations and dispatch the balance, under small escort, to Kinston for a supply of provisions. He will establish a temporary depot for his command south of the Neuse River and east of the Wimington and Goldsborough Railroad, in which to deposit his camp equipage, whilst his wagons are engaged in bringing up stores.

II. Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, will in like manner establish a temporary depot at a point south of the Neuse River and west of the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad, in which to deposit his camp equipage, whilst his wagons are engaged in bringing him supplies from Kinston. He will send his wounded to a temporary hospital camp on the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad convenient to Goldsborough. The wagons needed for immediate operations will be shifted around the left flank of the Right Wing to a point between Cox's Bridge and the rear of the Right Wing.

III. General Kilpatrick, commanding cavalry, will in like manner establish a temporary depot on the Wilmington, and Goldsborough Railroad, near Mount Olive Station, to which point he will send all incumbrances that will impede his march.

IV. General Slocum will send his bridge train to Cox's Bridge to report to Major-General Terry, who will effect a crossing of Neuse River at that point and cover it on the north side by at least one brigade intrenched. General Howard will send his bridge train to some good crossing between his temporary depot and Goldsborough.

V. Major-General Schofield, commanding Army of the Ohio, will occupy Goldsborough and make disposition to cross over Little River in the direction of Smithfield.

VI. Colonel W. W. Wright will use extraordinary exertions to complete the railroad into Goldsborough, and provide rolling-stock for moving a maximum quantity of supplies.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

