
the movements of the army. Those captured were in front of the First Division, and belong to Hoke's command. They state that last night troops were moving to their left, and that their command was ordered to move, but they knew not where. The order, however, was countermanded during the night. They state that nearly the whole of the army was on this side of the river this morning. Their opinion is that the enemy intends crossing the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. GILLETTE,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Fifteenth Army Corps.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, March 21, 1865.

[General J. A. LOGAN:]

GENERAL: Your trains are in park on the left-hand side of the road, where General Woods left them last night. I reported them to the officer in command of the brigade of the Seventeenth Army Corps this morning, or rather, to one of his staff officers at his headquarters. This brigade is now gone, and so has the commanding officer, and the Seventeenth Corps trains are moving. Northing has been said to me about moving our trains, and I am informed that Colonel Moutgomery says he has received no orders to guard our trains. In this state of the case I will take the responsibility of moving up our trains as soon as I can get the road to some point near the troops. General Terry is now passing with a column about two miles to our right. I understand there are two division trains of the Seventeenth Corps about four or five miles in our rear, but I don't know where they are. There are no troops left with us, except the few train guards. I do not apprehend the least danger here, but shall follow up unless I get other orders.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps.

P. S. -We are now about five miles in the rear of where your headquarters were night before last.

FORT.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note and orders. The last division train all came into campo last night at 8 p. m., and to-day we lay in camp with the trains all in park, and are collecting forage, repairing wagons, harness, &amp;c. The roads yesterday were as bad as I ever saw, but the mules are getting rest to-day and will be fresh. I will have every wagon emptied that can be and sent for supplies as soon as a guard or the orders come to move. I suppose it will require but a small train guard. There are a number of empty wagons with the troops sent forward with supplies, and some others were loaned to regiments for foraging purposes. These, I think, should be sent back at once, so that they may be loaded with supplies at Kinston, if there are sufficient for us. I will send a quartermaster specially

