
to secure all the clothing and stores he can for our corps. Colonel Carpenter went to the front this morning with supplies, and he can bring back all the empty wagons.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Mill Creek, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general understood that there were two regiments besides General Woods' brigade with the train, and the order was to bring forward General Woods' brigade only. General Blair had withdrawn the brigade, understanding that but one regiment would remain at the temporary depot, and that the rest be brought forward at once, so that there was but one organized regiment there at best. It was understood also from Major Woodhull that there were two regiments with the train. The general wishers that the regiment intended as a guard for the temporary depot be sent as early as possible in the a. m., and that your prisoners be sent with it if they can be got ready. Captain Gilbreth was sent back this a. m., with orders to take all trains to Everettsville, using the engineer regiment and all detachments as a guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mill Creek, N. C., March 21, 1865.

[General WOODS:]

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to strengthen your position and intrench your skirmish line during the night, and in the morning feel forward with your skirmishers to ascertain whether any change has been made in the rebel line. Please report any change you may at any time discover, and the result of the advance of your skirmish line ordered for the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Hazen and Corse.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that upon advancing my line of skirminshers this morning the enemy were still occupying their skirmish pits, and that my pickets report that the enemy were working during the night building works.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

