HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mill Creek, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that my skirmish line was advanced this morning as directed. The enemy has stubbornly resisted my skirmishers all day, giving up their ground only when well pressed by a very heavy skirmish line. My main line I moved forward during the morning a distance of250 yards, establishing a new line on a ridge of ground affording me a far better position. My skirmishers in advancing drove the rebels from an intrenched line so that they are thrown back on their main works. I have directed each brigade to put one regiment out on the line to-night, with instructions to intrench both advance and reserve lines well before morning. I hold now all the ground that I have taken during the day. Brevet Brigadier-General Woods' First Brigade having reported, gives me my entire division; each brigade is on the line with about one-half its regiments in the advance works. I will forward a list of casualties as soon as they can be obtained from the brigades.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Bennettsville [Bentonville], N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Ajutant-General:

I have the honor to report that this division was brought from the left of the army and reported to its proper corps commander at about 11 a. m. to-day, and two brigades put in line about 250 yards in front of the enemy, connecting with the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the right, and endeavoring to do so with that of General Morgan, Fourteenth Corps, on the left, but that corps being some 500 yards more distant from the enemy than the Fifteenth, it was found impracticable to connect with it, and my reserve brigade was massed just to the right and in rear of the interval between them. The troops were to-day intrenched, and the skirmish line constantly engaged. There were to-day 3 killed and 20 wounded.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mill Creek, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command during the day: For the purpose of obtaining suitable ground the First Brigade was moved to a position on the lower Goldsborough road, and is now encamped upon both sides of the road, about 500 yards from the Bentonville road, in column by regiments, fronting east, the remainder of the division occupying the same position as was stated in last report. These headquarters are on the east side of and

