
about 100 yards from the Bentonville road, immediately in front of the left of the Second Brigade. The division has been held in reserve during the day, and under orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have made some changes in the position of my troops during the day, although there are two brigades confronting the enemy as before, bu more advanced with the right of the line (one brigade) thrown forward at an angle of 35 degrees upon the left brigade. At 3 p. m., with a re-enforced skirmish line, I assaulted the enemy's skirmishers and drove them from their rifle-pits, but failed to hold them in consequence of the left being exposed to a flank fire from the left, the brigade holding General Woods' right not supporting the movement, and the enemy's pits on the right of my line being in such close proximity to the main works as to expose the men to a murderous fire therefrom. I have four prieces of artillery in position in my advanced works, and used them to very good advantage during the afternoon and evening. The casualties during the day, I think, will not exceed forty men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,March 21, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that there is a bridge over Mill Creek, about four miles below here, which is not guarded. He wishes you to send a picket to the point immediately. The bearer of this will guide the picket to the bridge. He also wishes, if they are not already out of sight, that your trains be parked sufficiently far to the rear to be unseen by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Bentonville, March 21, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUARD AT CORPS TRAIN:

SIR: The train under charge of Colonel Joel, chief quartermaster, has been ordered to move to a depot east of the railroad. You will move your command with it, and furnish a regiment to Colonel Joel as guard to a train to be sent to Kinston.

By order of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

