
movement, viz, from your left to the left rear of the Right Wing to-morrow morning. General Terry has arrived at Cox's Bridge and awaits the arrival of your bridge train.

I am, general, with respect, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -The best mode of drawing from your left to the right is to let the cavalry relieve by a thim skirmish line the skirmishers of the left corps till it has gained its new position, when it, too, can withdraw. So instruct General Kilpatrick.

SHERMAN.

MARCH 21, 1865-3. 15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: A deserter from Cheatham's command has just come into our lines. He says Hoke, Cheatham, Lee, Stewart, and Hardee are there, Hoke on their left and Hardee on their right. He says two divisions from Lee's army have just arrived. Came last evening and this morning. He states that they have a strong line of works about half a mile the order side of the creek. He is intelligent and I am disposed to believe him.

Yours, truly,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 28. In the Field, N. C., March 21, 1865.

I. Corps commanders will at once remove all sick and wounded to a camp near the point at which the road from Cox's Bridge to Evereyttsville crosses the road from Goldsborough to Dead Fields. A temporary hospital will be established at that point. Every spare wagon will be at once sent to Kinston for the purpose of bringing up supplies of subsistence and forage.

II. Each corps commander will establish a temporary depot near the temporary hospital above-mentioned, where baggage will be left while the wagons are hauling supplies. All prisoners will be at once sent to that point under a suitable guard.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, commanding pontoniers, will remove the pontoon bridge train to Cox's Bridge and report to Major-General Terry.

* * * * * * *

V. First Lieutenant William Ludlow is relived from duty as chief engineer on the staff of the major-general commanding and will report to Colonel O. M. Poe, chief engineer, Military Division of the Mississippi.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

