
ORDERS.] HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Savannah, Ga., January 19, 1865.

The following movements are ordered and will take place at the earliest moment practicable: The Fourteenth Corps, Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis commanding, will move via Springfield, cross the river at or near Sister's Ferry, and concentrate at that point. The Twentieth Corps, Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams commanding, will cross the river at Savannah and concentrate at Purysburg. The corps will be prepared to move from the above points with five days' forage and provisions, and ammunition to the full capacity of the wagons, in about the same proportion as when the army left Atlanta. To accomplish this, each corps commander will leave at Savannah a competent officer of the quartermaster's and commissary departments to forward the supplies by river to the above points of concentration, and they will see that supplies are promptly forwarded in sufficient quantities to meet the wants of the command while there, and at the same time enable them to start with a full supply of both rations and forage. All surplus baggage, servants, and non-combatants, and all tents, save one for headquarters of brigades and superior commands, will be left behind, with orders for the necessary baggage, office papers, and furniture to follow by water.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Savannah, Ga., January 19, 1865.

I. In pursuance with Special Orders, Numbers 10, extract, paragraph I, dated headquarters First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, January 17, 1865, I hereby assume command of the Second Brigade.

GEO. P. BUELL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Savannah, Ga., January [19], 1865.

This division will move promptly at 7 a.m., January 20, 1865, in the following order of march: First Brigade, battery, division headquarters wagons, Second Brigade, Third Brigade, ambulances, ordnance and general supply, train, rear guard; regimental and brigade headquarters wagons and pack animals in rear of their respective brigades in the order of march. Brigades will alternate daily (when marching) from right to left. The brigade marching in rear will be responsible for the safety of the train. From two to three regiments must march on the flanks of the train and not only protect it, but assist wagons over bad roads. Brigade quartermasters will see that their trains are always well closed up while on the march. By 11 a.m. each day, when marching, a staff officer from each brigade, a sergeant from the battery, and a lieutenant from the general supply train will report at the head of the column to Captain Wiseman, assistant adjutant-general, as a camping party. Brigade commanders will see that the pioneer parties in their commands are properly organized in charge of a subaltern or good, efficient sergeant. The party will be provided with

