
toward Cox's Bridge. The One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Chatfield commanding, is hereby detailed as escort for these trains. Each division commander will have all of his wagons and pack animals report to Colonel Charfield at 5 a. m. at the cross-roads near these headquarters. In marching these trains Colonel Chatfield will have the pack trains precede the wagons, and he will have the ammunition wagons follow the headquarters wagons. The infantry will be in readiness at 5. 30 a. m. to move at a moment's notice.

By command of Brevet Major-General Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Bentonville, N. C., March 21, 1865.

The medical director of this corps will at once establish a temporary hospital near the intersection of the Cox's Bridge and Everettsville road with the road from Goldsborough to Dead Fields, and have all the sick and wounded of the command moved there. Captain Whittelsey will establish a temporary depot near the temporary hospital above mentioned. He will have the wagons unloaded at that point and send every available wagons to Kinston for supplies of subsistence stores and forage. Division commanders will send at once all regimental wagons and empty supply wagons to report to Captain Whittelsey for this duty. The baggage will be unloaded at the temporary depot. Colonel Mindil will send with the train as guard to and from Kinston two regiments. The balance of his command will remain as a guard for the temporary depot. Colonel Mindil will assume the command of the whole camp. General Geary will detail one regiment to escort the hospital and other trains from this point until they join the train now under charge of Colonel Mindil, when it will return and report to its proper command. The commanding officer of this regiment will report at these headquarters at once for instructions. Lieutenant Stevens, ambulance officer of the Second Division, will take charge of the hospital trains until they reach the hospital. Lieutenant H. C. Smith, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, will take charge of the wagon train and report with it to Captain Whittelsey. Major Parks, provost-marshal, will send with the train to the temporary depot all of the prisoners he has in charge. On their arrival at the camp Colonel Mindil will take charge of them and send them under guard with the train to Kinston and turn them over to the commanding officer at that point. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore will move at once with his pontoon train to Cox's Bridge and report to Major-General Terry.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 21, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I am still upon the left, holding the roads to the left and rear. Everything is quiet this a. m. I have not yet heard from the

