
Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. I am very anxious to have it join me, and send a staff officer to see if it can be found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your two communications of this date are received. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry is now with General Terry, and until the railroad is completed will be required for service between the army and Kinston, and so long as we draw supplies from that point there will be greater need than ever for foraging by the infantry.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 21, 1865-3 p. m.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I think General Mower has got around the flank toward Mill Creek, threatening the enemy's line of retreat. Look out, and in case of a general battle hold your cavalry massed and dash at infantry toward the Mill Creek bridge on the road from Bentonville to Smithfield.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, March 21, 1865.

(Received 25th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

I have the honor to report that I occupied Goldsborough this p. m. with but slight opposition. General Terry's column from Wilmington was at Faison's Depot last night and should be near this place to-night. General Sherman's left was engaged with the enemy near Bentonville on Sunday. The artillery firing was quite rapid during the day, and for a short time Monday morning. General Sherman's right (the Seventeenth Corps) was near Mount Olive Sunday night. There has been some artillery firing during to-day, which indicates a gradual approach of General Sherman's army toward this place. All this being strictly in accordance with General Sherman's plans, I have no doubt att is well. I hope to have more definite and later information from General Sherman very soon, and will forward it to you without delay. I find the railroad bridges burned, but otherwise the road is not injured, and the depot facilities here are very fine. I captured here 7 cars, and General Terry has captured 2 locomotives and 2 cars, which he is now using.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

