
if the major-general commanding approve the within, that orders be issued to the commanding general of the District of Wilmington to send out foraging parties and turn over the cattle, &amp;c., obtained to Captain F. G. Henting, commissary of subsistence at Wilmington.

J. W. BARRIGER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Goldsborough, March 21, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer, New Berne, N. C.:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that we have occupied Goldsborough, and the railroad is uninjured except as to the bridges. General Terry captured two locomotives and a number of cars south of the river. He desires you will push forward a section of the construction corps as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Colonel SAVAGE,

Commanding Twelfth New York Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you send a company of cavalry with the accompanying dispatches to Kinston, N. C., with instructions to return up the railroad, clearing it of any rebel scouts, and leaving it open and safe for the telegraph construction party to put up the wires. He desires the company to start about midnight.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 21, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding at Cox's Bridge:

GENERAL: I have just learned of your arrival at Cox's Bridge by Major Graves, of your staff. I have no orders other than those sent you this morning. You can do nothing north of the Neuse River till the pontoon bridg reaches you. I have not heard by what road General Slocum sent it, but fear he sent it by the back road which will come into Cox's by way of Falling Creek Church. This rain will again spoil our roads, and it is vital to us to get supplies up. We have pretty well stripped this region, but I know there is a good country north of the Neuse. Find out as soon you can when General Schofield is in Goldsborough and let me know. I think there is nothing in that quarter but cavalry and not much of that. From the front of infantry displayed by the enemy Johnston must have here his entire army.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

