
can help you a great deal, even with this bit of road. A new locomotive has come, but very few men with it. I've a good mind to try and take it above Northeast. Pray advise Phelps about that. A great pity those bridges cannot be built. If we had axes and shovels we could try one of them and much other work. Four hundred thousand hard-bread rations are at the bar; a portion are on their way up. Six thousand refugees have arrived in one column. This gives us enough land transportation for all local purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -Three thousand eight hundred sick in hospital; deaths, eighteen or twenty a day. Rev. Mr. Eaton, Seventh Connecticut, died yesterday of typhoid fever. Dr. Palmer died of the same this morning, both from overwork. Buzzell is dangerously ill. Sanitary steamer with a blessed cargo arrived yesterday.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 21, 1865.

SENIOR NAVAL OFFICER,

Cape Fear River and Hardor:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration one or two matters in which the navy can assist me materially. Not being familiar with your practices, you can advise as to what can be done. Vessels regularly employed by the quartermasters of the army should never sail without written orders from the chief quartermaster here, or at least the quartermaster in charge of water transportation. Bvt. Brigadier General G. S. Dodge is chief quartermaster of the department, and Captain S. T. Lamb is in charge of water transportation here. Sutlers' and traders' vessels are not required to take papers from quartermasters, but in absence of custom-house officers I require my assistant provost-marshals to search all such vessels, and they should not be allowed to leave the port without a clearange from one of them. Lieutenant Colonel James F. Randlett is my provost-marshal for Wilmington, assisted by Captain Edgerly. Now what I would much like is to have your guard ship hail all vessels going out particularly (you have your own instructions as to those coming in), and see their papers. It will not do to take their word. All trading or sutlers' vessels that have not the provost-marshal's clearance should be seized. If they are so seized and reported to me I will punish the masters severely. You know, of course, that there is a great temptation to steal here and enough of opportunity. I have been anxious to call on you, but I am driven beyond endurance by the press of business. I hope soon to have the honor of calling. Is it possible for you to keep a picket boat a little way up the Cape Fear, northwest, to examine people coming down by boats? Except deserters coming from the rebels, escaped Federal prisoners, and absolutely destitute, starving citizens, I wish nobody to come to town for the present. There are 6,000 refugees on Point Peter. We shall try to keep most of them there until they can be shipped or distributed on plantations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

