
tools sufficient to repair bad roads or bridges and march on the right of their respective brigades. No foraging parties will be sent out till ordered from division or corps headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General James D. Morgan:

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Cheves' House, S. C., January 19, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The rain of to-day has made the roads so bad that I respectfully request that Geary's division and the headquarters supply trains of this corps may be permitted to march with General Davis' column. All of the roads on this side of the river, including the causeway, are almost impassable, and if the rain continues will be entirely so. The most of the trains of the Fifteenth Corps are still behind here in the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Gartsway's Plantation, January 19, 1865.

Captain E. K. BUTTRICK,

First Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I moved the division forward yesterday to a point four miles from Hardeeville and seven miles from Purysburg. On last evening I ordered the brigade commanders to issue to their regiments three days' rations from this morning and directed that all the wagons thus emptied be sent back to Screven's Ferry for additional supplies. Having learned that the road was bad in the vicinity of the ferry. I ordered a detail of 150 men from the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers to repair it. I have sent to this detail the intrenching tools necessary for doing the work and have directed that Captain Livezey, commissary of subsistence of division, furnish the detail with rations. Upon consultation with Major Francis this morning I have concluded to move the division forward to Purysburg in order to be out of the way of the troops coming up in the rear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Savannah, Ga., January 19, 1865.

This command will be in readiness to move by to-morrow morning. The hour will be designated as soon as it is ascertained that the road is clear of other troops.

* * * * * * *

By command of Bvt. Major General John W. Geary:

W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

