
will be finished in an hour. It will be at the railroad bridge. I have sent Major Blake [?], of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to try to reach Cox's Bridge via Millard, and as soon as General Schofield returns will deliver your message. Colonel Wright, I am informed, is at New Berne, and I will telegraph to him your instructions, but will not go there myself unless I am dircted to do so. I think Major Blake [?] will not get through on the orth side of the river, as the enemy's pickets are reported beyond Little River. General Schofield has just returned, and will write you by the same messenger that carries this.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. POE,

Brevet Colonel, &amp;c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,March 22, 1865.

W. W. WRIGHT, Chief Engineer Military Railroads:

General Sherman directs me to say to you that he is very anxious to have the railroad finished to Goldsborough as soon as possible, and to that end he wishes you to work day and night, authorizing you to pay any price that will further the work, and to impress citizens or anybody or anything else. He wished me to see you in person, but I can't go down to where you are at present.

O. M. POE,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Cox's Bridge, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-Genera BECKWITH, New Berne:

GENERAL: We whipped Johnston yesterday at Bentonville. The army will march for Goldsborough. Be prepared to feel this army, 60,000, at Goldsborough; General Schofield's 20,000 at Kinston; General Terry's 10,000 at Faison's Depot, and General Kilpatrick's 5,000 at Mount Olive Station. The two former will draw up by the New Berne road, and the two latter by the Wilmington road. Show this to General Easton. I will be at Goldsborough to-morrow, and will advise you more fully.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 22, 1865.

FREDERICK LEACH,

Military Railroad Agent, Numbers 29 Nassau Street, New York:

Report at once the number of locomotives and cars sent to North Carolina. If practicable, let cars be taken to pieces, and running gear and platforms only shipped for the present. Every minute is of the utmost value. Answer.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General and General Manager.

[MARCH 22, 1865. --For Sherman's congratulatory order, see Special Field Orders, Numbers 35, Part I, p. 44.]

