
and at once began skirmishing, continuing as far as Hannah's Creek, where he destroyed the bridge, and in compliance with instructions, returned to Bentonville. In the meantime, in obedience to directions received from the major-general commanding, I have moved the balance of my division up to this place, and I at once placed Colonel Catterson in position on this bank of Mill Creek, covering both the upper and lower bridges, holding the blance of my division in reserve. In compliance with your communciation received this afternoon, I moved the remainder of the division back to the works occupied last night, leaving Bentonville at 6 p. m. Colonel Catterson remains with his brigade to destroy the bridge, and will not return to the division until 4 a. m. to-morrow. He had already cut away the lower bridge.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Grantham's House, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at 1 p. m. to-day, marching to this point, which was reached at about 6 p. m. Distance, eight miles and a half.

I am, respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mill Creek, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command has remained in camp during the day, in same positions as mentioned in report of yesterday, the 21st instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Mill Creek, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of my command this instant: Near the hour of 3 a. m. the skirmishers of my division front entered the works of the enemy and pushed forward to the bridge across Hannah's Creek, meeting with but little resistance and picking up a number of prisoners, a list of which will be forwarded through the provost-marshal's department. One brigde was moved into the abandoned works of the enemy as a support to the line of skirmishes, which had gone forard, which position it now occupies. In compliance with instructions, one brigade and my pioneer corps wee sent out for repairs upon

