
send forward a strong pioneer party to corduroy the road on each side of the Neuse. The corps will be encamped on the northwest side of Goldsborough, about a mile distant from the town.

II. The Twentieth Corps will follow the Fourteenth Corps, marching by the same road. The corps will for the present be encamped near the town, connecting with the right of the Fourteenth Corps.

III. The pontoon train will remain at this point for the use of Major-General Terry's command, and will, as soon as possible, proceed to Goldsborough by the road on the south side of the river.

IV. The First Michigan Engineers will accompany the Fourteenth Corps.

V. Both corps will encamp in regular order, two brigades of each division in front and one in reserve. As soon as possible after reaching the permanent camp at Goldsborough, the wagon trains will be brought up to the camps, and arrangements made for taking care of the sick and wounded. The reports of the recent campaign, together with requisitions for all necessary supplies for another campaign, will be sent in without delay.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,March 22, 1865.

Brevet Major-General DAVIS:

GENERAL: General Slocum directs me to say that he is informed by General Logan that the enemy have left some of your wounded at the bridge over Mill Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. MOSELEY,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

General Logan has sent some ambulances there and the general wishes that you send surgeons and attendants.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., Numbers 25. March 22, 1865.

General Morgan will move his division, with all his trains, immediately, upon the direct road running through his lines, for Cox's Bridge. General Carlin will follow General Morgan, and General Baird will follow General Carlin. Corps headquarters, and the reserve artillery, will move with General Morgan.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Neuse River, near Cox's Bridge, Numbers 26. March 22, 1865.

General Baird will march to-morrow at daylight, and crossing the pontoon bridge near this point, will take the direct road throutgh Goldsborough

