
and encamp beyond on ground to be designated to him. General Carlin will follow General Baird and will camp as above. General Morgan will follow General Carlin and will camp as above. Major Houghtaling will report to General Carlin and move under his direction. Left Wing headquarters will be admitted into the column at such point as may be selected. Corps headquarters will move with General Carlin. In moving through Goldsborough each division will be closed compactly, and march with colors flying and bands playing.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Falling Creek, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I have reached this point with my entire command. I could have moved a portion of my command farther, but found the road occupied by the Second Division, Fifteenth Corps. They have passed and are out of the way. I shall push on to Cox's Bridge at daylight in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Falling Creek, N. C., March 22, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Cox's Bridge, in the same order as to-day, viz, Second Division, Michigan Engineers, Third Division, First Division. The Second Division will start at 6 a. m. The other commands will start in season to keep well closed up to the rear of those that precede them. The trains of each division will follow its division, excepting the Second Division train, which will follow the Michigan engineers, and will be covered by them. The trains of the Michigan Engineers will follow the regiment. General Jackson will detail one regiment as a rear guard. The artillery will march in rear of the Michigan Engineers.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 22, 1865--10 a. m.

Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Forces:

GENERAL: The enemy having retreated precipitately and in disorder from our front, and we not being in a condition as to supplies to follow up, will move on Goldsborough, from which place I have nothing definite. General Terry reports that he has crossed the Neuse to the north

