
bank, where he has a brigade intrenched. From that position I can take Goldsborough without delay or trouble. I shall go there to-night. General Slocum's wing will also be at or near Cox's, but General Howard will remain till morning. To-morrow morning, unless nothing happens in the interval, move your cavalry slowly and in order by a circuit to the south to Mount Olive Station, on the Wilmington and Goldsborough road, adn report to me from there by letter. General Terry on his way up secured two locomotives and a few old cars, and found the road in good order from Northeast Branch, near Wilmington, to Mount Olive, so that I hope to be able to supply you food and forage from that quarter, which will relieve the New Berne road, which for some reason was more damaged by the enemy. Nevertheless continue, as heretofore, to gather all the food and forage of the country you can. I claim, of course, the absolute right to all property lying south of our route of march, and care not how close you pinch the inhabitants, if it be done without pillage of the mere household goods and apparel of women. General Schofield reports this morning from Goldsborough. So our campaign is an eminent success.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Goldsborough, March 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg leave to renew the request I made some time ago in a letter to the Adjutant-General that some of the new regiments recently organized in the Western States may be assigned to the Twenty-third Army Corps. The terms of service of some of the old regiments have already expired, and they have been mustered out. Others will have to be mustered out soon. Unless other regiments are added the corps will soon be below the minimum organization in number of regiments.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, N. C., March 22, 1865--1. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Near a month ago I wrote you a letter requesting that Major General J. D. Cox be assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps and that the remaining troops in this department be organized into a corps under command of Major General A. H. Terry. Having received no reply, I presume my letter did not reach you, therefore I beg leave to renew the request. But, if it be not deemed advisable to organize a corps for General Terry, I nevertheless respectfully request that Major-General Cox may be assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Corps.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

