
[Indorsement.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., March 23, 1865.

I approve this. I know that General Cox is a good officer, and General Terry has the best possible reputation. General Schofield will want two corps organizations as quick as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Bentonville, March 22, 1865--10 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Goldsborough:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday is just received. We whipped all of Joe Johnston's army yesterday, and he retreated in disorder in the night. We are in possession of the field and our skirmishers are after his rear guard two miles north of Mill Creek. We are not in condition as to supplies to follow up, but will gradually draw back to Goldsborough and refit. Push the repairs of railroad back to New Berne. You need not advance to Millard, but secure all the bridges across Little River and lay your pontons across Neuse near the main road south, unless in the meantime you have used it on Little River.

We have many prisoners and I think we can get along till our wagons get back from Kinston. General Slocum will move to-day to Cox's Bridge, but General Howard will remain till morning, and follow to Goldsborough. I will go to Cox's to-day, and if you have gone to Millard, will communicate with you. If this finds you at Millard draw back to the Little River on the Goldsborough side. I will not move against Raleigh till we are resupplied.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, March 22, 1865--2 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of this morning to General Terry, informing him of Johnston's retreat, &amp;c. * You are, I presume, by this aware of my occupation of this place, as Colonel Poe informs me he met my messenger at General Terry's. I also learn that Terry has secured his lodgment on the north bank of the river. I am now in doubt whether you wish me to move up to Millard, as before ordered, but presume not, since Johnston has retreated. I am fortifying my position here and rebuilding the bridge over Little River. I will be ready to move at any moment, if you so direct.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Sherman to Terry, 6. 30 a. m., p. 964.

---------------

61 R R--VOL XLVII, PT II

