
to Major-General Schofield, and that General Sherman expects him to occupy Goldsborough at once. Johnston may attempt sending a force there from Smithfield, and therefore it is important for General Schofield to occupy Goldsborough. Let your dispatch bearer go at a gallop.

I am, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Cox's Bridge, March 22, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the pontoon train ordered to this point arrived last night at about 7 o'clock. A bridge was laid across the river at 12 o'clock; a brigade was immediately moved across and is now intrenching.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Bentonville, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding at Cox's Bridge:

GENERAL: I have just been to the front; Johnston retreated last night on Smithfield in some confusion, leaving dead and wounded. We have pursued two miles beyond Mill Creek, but are not in a condition as to supplies to follow up our advantage, which amounts to a substantial victory, and accordingly I have ordered the army to move toward Goldsborough. I can't imagine why I don't hear from General Schofield. Until I know he has Goldsborough I must direct my attention on that point. I commend highly your promptness in securing the crossing at Cox's. If you observe any of the enemy's forces on the north side move across a whole division, and intrench it so as to command all the outlet roads, and so that, if I choose, I can cross General Slocum's wing there, and move out against the railroad between Goldsborough and Smithfield. I will probably come down to-day and stay with you.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,

Near Cox's Bridge, N. C., March 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. Ames, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, will cause the camps of that portion of his command which are now on the left of the road to Cox's Bridge to be removed to the right of that road immediately, occupying the same field that is now partially occupied by the First Brigade of his division.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

