
CITY POINT, VA., March 23, 1865--2. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

Have you heard anything from General Cruft's command, which left Nashville on the 14th for New Berne?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 23, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: On reaching Goldsborough this morning I found Lieutenant Dunn waiting for me with your letter of March 16 and dispatch of 17th. I wrote you fully from Bentonville [Cox's Bridge] yesterday, and since reaching Goldsborough have learned that my leter was sent punctually down the New Berne, whence it will be dispatched to you. I am very glad to hear that Sheridan did such good service between Richmond and Lynchburg, and hope he will keep the ball moving. I know these raids and dashes disconcert our enemy and discourage him. Slocum's two corps--Fourteenth and Twentieth--are now coming in, and I will dispose them north of Goldsborough, between the Weldon road and Little River. Howard to-day is marching south of the Neuse, and to-morrow will come in and occupy ground north of Goldsbrough, and extending from the Weldon railroad to that leading to Kinston. I have ordered all the provisional divisions made up of troops belonging to other corps to be broken up and the men to join their proper regiments and organizations, and have ordered Schofield to guard the railroads back to New Berne and Wilmington, and make up a movable column equal to 25,000 men with which to take the field. He will be my center as in the Atlanta campaign. I don't think I want any more troops other than absentees and recruits to fill up the present regiments, but that I can make up an army of 80,000 men by April 10. I will put Kilpatrick out at Mount Olive Station, on the Wilmington road, and then allow the army some rest. We have sent all our empty wagons under escort, with the proper staff officers, to bring up clothing and provisions. As long as we move we can gather food and forage, but the moment we stop trouble begins. I feel sadly disappointed that our railroads are not done. I don't like to say that there has been any neglect until I make inquiries, but it does seem to me the repairs should have eben made and the road properly stocked. I can only hear of one locomotive besides the four old ones on the New Berne road and two damaged locomotives found by Terry on the Wilmington road. I left Easton and Beckwith purposely to make arrangements in anticipation of my arival, and I have heard from neither, though I suppose them both to be at Morehead City. At all events we have now made a junction of all the armies, and if we can maintain them will in a short time be in position to march against Raleigh, or Gaston, or Weldon, or even Richmond, as you may determine. If I get the troops all well placed, and the supplies working well, I might run up to see you for a day or two before diving again into the bowels of the country. I will make in a very short time accurate reports of our operations for the past two months.

Yours, truly,

W. T. -General, Commanding.

