
here to Goldsborough. Colonel Conklin is at New Berne. Any orders you may make I will be happy to receive, as regards stores, &amp;c. Excuse haste.

I have the honor to be, general, very truly, your humble servant,

D. REMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 69. Falling Creek, N. C., March 23, 1865.

I. The command will move to-morrow to Goldsborough. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move upon any route or routes, avoiding the river road, and cross the Neuse River east of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move by the river road and cross the river west of the railroad. The Army of the Tennessee will take up a strong position beyond Goldsborough, covering the town to the east of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, the Fifteenth Army Corps on the right and the Seventeenth Army Corps on the left, and will immediately intrench their positins. In order to afford ample rom, about two-thirds of each corps will be placed in the front line. A staff officer from each corps headquarters, to whom the positions will be appointed, will accompany the general commanding to-morrow.

II. The present foraging system is hereby abolished. Every person not entitled to be mounted will be dismounted and all horses and mules turned over to the corps quartermaster. Foraging on the country from Goldsborough will be done by regiments or brigades, with officers present. These will be regularly detailed by corps or division commanders. The engineer regiment and other detachments may send details, never less than two companies, with their officers, and these will attach themselves, when practicable, to regular detailed foraging regiments or brigades, and the officer in charge will always have written authority. The division commander will always make special provisions for his artillery by attaching its foraging details to a regular party.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Cox's Bridge, March 22 [23?], 1865--9. 20 p. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: I sent, an hour since, two of my staff to find your headquarters and inform you that I have received a report that the enemy were crossing the Neuse about two miles above here. I have since learned that the force consists of two regiments of cavalry. A portion of it has got around onto the road leading from falling Creek Church to Mount Olive and is threatening my pontoon train, which is now coming up. I am just sending off what little cavalry I have to meet it. I have the impression that a portion of the general train, as well as my

