
supplies to Kinston for the army of General Sherman. Colonel Stewart will see that the boat is well armed and equipped and kept fully stocked with coal.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 23, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

SIR: When Major-General Sherman's army reached Fayetteville it had a column of 8,000 or 10,000 refugees clinging to its skirts. General Sherman could carry them no longer and they were all sent down here. His written orders to Brevet Brigadier-General Dodge, chief quartermaster Department of North Carolina, directed that the surplus blacks be sent to the Department of the South, where the arrangements s long and successfully conducted by Genearl Saxton would permit the care and protection that we ae utterly unable to afford here. Our planting season is passing and we have not the implements, nor the seds, nor the superintendents, nor are the lands even yet examined. Could we distribute the colored people, we have not had until now the wagons to carry their rations a mile away from our wharves. Therefore, I send herewith by the Beaufort, which goes to your department after troops, 300 blacks from the column of 6,000 which reached here day before yesterday. They are pressing upon us severely, exhausting our resources and threatening pestilence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

P. S. --We have no very late news here. Joe Johnston attacked General Sherman's Left Wing at Bentonville, between Fayetteville and Goldsborough, four days ago and was repulsed. General Schofield was at Kinston, and General Terry on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, a short distance from the Neuse, at last advices. Latest from the North March 16.

J. R. H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 23, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. TROOPS,

On board Steamer General Sedgwick:

SIR: You will proceed with the troops of Major-General Sherman's army now under your command to Morehead City, N. C., and report in person to the commanding officer at that place for orders or advice before disembarking your troops. The object is to get your troops to General Sherman's army with as little delay as possible.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding officer U. S. troops on board steamer Weyboset.)

