
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 3. Beaufort, S. C., January 20, 1865.

Colonel James Wilson, Thirteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers, is announced as provost-marshal-general of this department and Army. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 20, 1865.

Captain SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: The dikes along the Union Causeway turnpike have been broken during the late storm, and the road is several feet under water and totally impassable for wagons or troops. The movement will therefore be delayed until other arrangements for the transportation of this column can be made. General Logan is now absent from the city, seeking some other route. Unless the road indicated in your order for the movement of the Third and Fourth Divisions of this corps can be made passable for wagons, or some other route to Pocotaligo be discovered, the rest of the corps, with its transportation, will have to be shipped by sea to Beaufort.

General Logan has put himself in communication with General Sherman, and is now acting in pursuance of instructions received from him.

These headquarters will remain in Savannah for several days, until arrangements are completed for the movement of the Third and Fourth Divisions.

Major Houghtaling, who carries this dispatch, will be able to give the general commanding all additional information he may desire.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -I will try and keep the general posted as to our movements.

M. W.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. Beaufort, S. C., January 20, 1865.

Commanding officers are directed to make all necessary for an immediate campaign. The division will remain at or near its present position till the army moves, which will not be for several days. The same allowance of transportation as on the last campaign, viz, 1 wagon per regiment, 2 per brigade, and 3 per division, will probably be given. No negro women or children will be permitted to leave this point with the troops. Commanders will see that on leaving here each of their enlisted men carry one shelter-tent. While lying at this point, the weather permitting, each regiment will be exercised in the drill of battalion from 9. 20 to 11 a.m. each day, and in evolutions of the line from 2. 30 to 4 p.m. each day.

By order of Major General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

