
CHARLESTON, January 4, 1865.

General McLAWS:

General Hardee desires you to remove as soon as possible from Old Pocotaligo, and send to Major Huger the 24-pounder howitzer and the two Blakely guns now there, also the two Wiard rifled guns at Pocotaligo Depot. General Hardee wishes a light-artillery section at Old Pocotaligo instead of the above-mentioned guns.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery Department.

CHARLESTON, January 4, 1865.

Major-General McLAWS:

Major-General Wright, commanding Fourth Sub-District South Carolian, will have charge of the Combahee River from its mouth to the turnpike bridge over the Salkehatchie, not including that bridge.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Frampton Place, January 4, 1865--7 p. m.

[General McLAWS:]

GENERAL: The enemy made a sally on my advanced pickets on the Mackay Point road about 4 p. m. to-day, driving them in on the main picket-line. I went forward with a company about 5 p. m. ; found the enemy had withdrawn to their original line (nobody hurt). Scouts report to have seen one regiment about half a mile beyond the Hudson house. Should the enemy advance by way of Mackay Point road I don't think it prudent to make the fight at the Hudson place, as my force is not sufficient to protect the extent of country between the Pocotaligo River and the main Coosawhatchie road. Should I make a fight at the Hudson house I will not be able to support Major Hartridge or protect Colonel Harrison's left. Can't you send somebody at once to take charge of the Mackay Point road? and I will attend to Colonel H. 's flank and the approaches to the railroad from Tullifinny.

I am, general, your friend and obedient servant,

JOHN C. FISER,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S. --I understand that Colonel Anderson was making inquiry in regard to First Georgia Regulars and Twenty-seventh Battalion, and said they had been ordered to Charleston. Can't you checkmate him?

NEAR HARDEEVILLE, S. C., January 4, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

GENERAL: I wrote you a few days since,* but as the letter may not reach you I take the opportunity to write again. I suppose you must have been mortified to hear the various complaints of horse-stealing

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV, p. 998.

---------------

