HEADQUARTERS,Grahamville, S. C., January 4, 1865--6. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant CHAPMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

Your dispatch of this date was received ordering me to report every six hours, but did not state where to report to. I have established a courier-line across to the Robertsville and Purysburg road, ten miles from this, to connect with the line upon that road. I have relieved General Young's command, and they leave to-nigth. Have been out upon the picket-lines to-day. Everything very quiet. I have 200 men at Honey Hill and in front of that; 200 at Bee Creeek, and 50 at Dawson's Bluff; 15 on road to Hardeeville, four miles below this; 30 of Colonel Colcock's men on the road to New River bridge. I have no instructions whatever, only to relieve General Young, which I have done. If you fall back upon the Robertsville road, and the enemy advance this way, they will come up in my rear, as Honey Hill is four miles from the depot, Bee Creek is seven, and Dawson's Bluff nine, all fronting toward Broad River. I will in that event have to go in direction of Coosawhatchie or Gillisonville. I would be obliged if you would order a small party to retire up the Grahamville road to give my pickets notice in time to get my pickets in, as they are in good places to be cut off. It is also probable that the enemy may rebuild New River bridge and send a column up the old Charleston and Savannah road, which would place us between them.

I have ordered Colonel Colcock to send details to drive out all the stock as directed. I am very anxious to be advised as to whether any one will retire up the Grahamville road or not, and to what point, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IVERSON'S DIVISION,Near Hudson's Ferry, January 4, 1865.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: Day before yesterday the enemy were foraging with wagons, about a regiment strong, in neighborhood of McLeod's. No report to-day.

Respectfully, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[JANUARY 5, 1865. --For Hardee to Cooper, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1067.]

CHARLESTON, January 5, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

In reply to your telegram of 4th I recommend that the boundary line of this department run from Augusta, along the Georgia Railroad, to Warrenton; thence, via Sparta and Milledgeville, following the line of

