
GRAHAMVILLE, January 5, 1865.

Major-General McLAWS:

The telegraph wire is taken down to this point and will be transported to Green Pond to-nigth. The [sic] will remain until further orders. The enemy [moved] up to the crossing of the railroad and the Purysburg road yesterday, but again fell back to the road leading down to Izard's place. A few of the cavalry appeared near Jonesville.

JOS. MANIGAULT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Signal Officer.

CHARLESTON, January 5, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER:

Send no more troops across the Savannah at present, but provide such facilities for crossing as may be practicable, that, if it should be necessary, they can be crossed promptly.

By order of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 5, 1865. --For Wheeler to McLaws (two dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, p. 1116.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Grahamville, S. C., January 5, 1865--10 a. m.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Everything is quiet on our lines this morning. General McLaws has ordered Colonel Colcock to Pocotaligo, General Young to Charleston, leaving only my division to keep up the lines mentioned yesterday. The railroad train is engaged in removing its iron from the road some three or four miles from Hardeeville. I have to send scouts in front of the train to prevent its being captured. A picket could be easily kept in front of the train, from one of the divisions near Hardeeville, to notify it of any movement of the enemy, without causing me to scout fifteen miles from here.

I had to send a picket sixteen miles this morning in direction of New River bridge to relieve the last of Colcock's pickets. I ordered Colonel Colcock to drive out all the stock, &amp;c., and he has left a detail for that purpose.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Grahamville, S. C., January 5, 1865--1. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant HENRY CHAPMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

Brigadier-General Young and his command left last night; Colonel Colcock with his men this morning. I sent a small detail to assist in

