
COOSAWHATCHIE, January 6, 1865.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Brigadier-General Hatch has just sent a communication to this flag-of-truce station that two assistant surgeons of the Confederate Army and one of the Confederate Navy desire to cross into our lines, and stating that if they will be received he will send them over as soon as he receives a reply. I have asked that their names be furnished me, and stated in my communication that as soon as their names are received he will be informed whether or not they will be received.

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

COOSAWHATCHIE, January 6, 1865--4 p. m.

Major-General McLAWS:

I delayed receiving the medical officers four hours to hear from you. Feeling that I could do so no longer with propriety, I received them. A few moments afterward your telegram was received. I regret it very much, but in the absence of instructions did what I conceived to be best. I was very careful to prevent the enemy's learning anything, and think he got no information except the whereabouts of my picket-line, which I have ordered advanced.

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, January 6, 1865.

Major-General WHEELER:

I have asked Governor Magrath to place 1,500 men at Barnwell, to aid you in case the enemy should move, as I believe he will, in that direction. In the event of a cavalry raid withdraw a portion of your force from the right bank of the Savannah River. You must fight the enemy whenever an opportunity offers.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTON, January 6, 1865.

Major General J. WHEELER,

Hardeeville via Grahamville:

Lieutenant-General Hardee revokes his order of to-day for you to withdraw a portion of your forces from the Georgia to the South Carolina side of the Savannah, in case of a raid. He did not at the time remember your effective force.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 6, 1865. --For Wheeler to McLaws (four dispatches), reporting operations, see Part I, pp. 1116, 1117.]

63 R R--VOL XLVII, PT II

