
be made to your credit until after the 28th instant, and that soon after that date all requisitions upon the Treasury will be promptly met as heretofore.

This office will omit no effort to supply you with funds at the earliest possible moment, and as soon as it is ascertained that funds can be supplied you will be promptly informed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 27, 1860

Captain J. G. FOSTER,

Corps of Engineers, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have to acknowledge the receipt of the following letters from you, viz:

1. Letter of December 20, reporting in regard to the receipt of forty muskets, &amp;c., for Fort Sumter and Castle Pinckney, and their return to the arsenal by direction of the Secretary of War.

2. Letter of December 22, reporting that steamers from Charleston had been engaged for the last two nights in reconnoitering and watching Fort Sumter and Castle Pinckney, and also detailing the progress of you operations at Fort Moultrie toward putting that work in a defensible condition.

3. Your letter of the 19th December, not before acknowledged, presenting for the consideration of the Government a proposition for preventing the occupation of Fort Sumter by any force not acting under the authority of the United States.

These several letters have been laid before the Secretary of War, and his instructions in relation to the important matters presented therein earnestly requested. Thus far no such instructions have been received, though the Secretary expressed himself fully satisfied with the efforts you have made and the zeal you have exhibited in the trying position in which you are placed.

This Department is highly gratified with the course you have pursued, and fully approves all the steps you have taken for the security of the public interests at the fortifications in Charleston Harbor. At the same time it cannot fail to express the hope that some definite instructions may be soon given for your guidance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain Engineers, in charge.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., December 27, 1860.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Commanding Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that yesterday evening Major Anderson removed his command from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, leaving a guard with me, orders to spike the guns, cut down the flagstaff, and burn the carriages of those guns that point towards Fort Sumter. This was done. To-day I went to town to negotiate a draft on New York to pay off the men employed on Fort Moultrie. I saw

