
brother in his command, repeating, with what effect remains to be seen, within the last twenty-four hours, an urgent recommendation, long since made, to the President to re-enforce the major.

The War Department has kept secret from the General the instructions sent to the major, but the General, in common with the whole Army, has admired and vindicated as a defensive measure the masterly transfer of the garrison from Fort Moultrie to the position of Fort Sumter.

G. W. LAY.

WASHINGTON, December 30, 1860.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Lieutenant-General Scott begs the President of the United States to pardon the irregularity of this communication.

It is Sunday; the weather is bad, and General Scott is not well enough to go to church. But matters of the highest national importance seem to forbid a moment's delay, and if misled by zeal, he hopes for the President's forgiveness.

Will the President permit General Scott, without reference to the War Department and otherwise, as secretly as possible, to send two hundred and fifty recruits from New York Harbor to re-enforce Fort Sumter, together with some extra muskets or rifles, ammunition, and subsistence stores?

It is hoped that a sloop of war and cutter may be ordered for the same purpose as early as to-morrow.

General Scott will wait upon the President at any moment he may be called for.

The President's most obedient servant,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

Numbers 14.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., December 30, 1860.

(Received A. G. O., January 2, 1861.)

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the South Carolinians have established a post at Fort Johnson. It is said that one company and a half was sent to that place yesterday. I saw that there was a small party yesterday on Morris Island. They probably intend establishing batteries at Fort Johnson and on the island, and throwing shot and shells at us from those places and Fort Moultrie, where they are very busily engaged repairing their battery. The governor was called upon by a friend of mine in reference to his decision, by which all communication between us and the city (except the sending for our mails) was cut off, and he refuses, to modify or recall his order. We are pushing forward our work here very vigorously, and if we have a week longer, shall by the blessing of God, be fully prepared for any attack they may make. I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

