
funds. I heard nothing more of the matter until this morning, when I called at the sub-treasury office. The clerk told me (Mr. Pressley not being there) that he had orders not to pay checks. I then expressed a wish to withdraw my funds, and was refused for the present-however, asked to call again on Monday, when the assistant treasurer would be there himself. My situation here as an officer of the Army is very unpleasant and has been for some weeks past. I do hope a change will soon be made.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. C. HUTTER,

Paymaster, U. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

PAYMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 8, 1861.

The Paymaster-General respectfully submits, for the information of the Commanding General of the Army, the within copy of a letter from Major Hutter, reporting interference on the part of the governor of South Carolina with his official duties.

BENJ. F. LARNED,

Paymaster-General.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 6, 1861

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Through the courtesy of Governor Pickens I am enabled to make this communication, which will be taken to Washington by my brother, Larz Anderson, esq. I have the honor to report my command in excellent health and in fine spirits. We are daily adding to the strength of our position by closing up embrasures which we shall not use, mounting guns, &c. The South Carolinians are also very active in erecting batteries and preparing for a conflict, which I pray God may not occur. Batteries have been constructed bearing upon and, I presume, commanding the entrance to the harbor. They are also to-day busily at work on a battery at Fort Johnson, intended to fire against me. My position will, should there be no treachery among the workmen, whom we are compelled to retain for the present enable me to hold this fort against any force which can be brought against me, and it would enable me in the event of a war, to annoy the South Carolinians by preventing them from throwing supplies into their new posts except by the out-of-the-way passage through Stone River. AT present, it would be dangerous and difficult for a vessel from without to enter the harbor, in consequence of the batteries which are already erected and being erected. I shall not ask for any increase of my command, because I do not know what the ulterior views of the Government are. We are now, or soon will be, cut off from all communication, unless by means of a powerful fleet, which shall have the ability to carry the batteries at the mouth of this harbor.

Trusting in God that nothing will occur to array a greater number of States than have already taken ground against the General Government,

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

