
this work, and to strengthen the defense. I am most efficiently supported, by Lieutenants Snyder and Meade, who are exerting themselves to the utmost, and I hope the Department will give them full credit for their zeal and efficiency.

The temper of the people of this State is becoming every day more bitter, and I do not see how we can avoid a bloody conflict. I wish, therefore, to say to you that nearly all of my papers and vouchers are in my office in town, whence I have not been permitted to remove them. All of my personal effects are in the house that I occupied on Sullivan's Island, with the exception of some few things that I have here. The suddenness of the movement over here did not permit me an opportunity to remove anything, and my active operations in the matter did not incline the authorities in my favor so as to permit me to remove anything afterwards. I shall, however, endeavor to leave everything relating to my responsibilities and accounts in as good order as possible. You must excuse my referring to these matters, which are partly personal, because if we are attacked, it may be by overpowering numbers, and I have made up my mind to defend the work, as far as I am concerned, to the last extremity. The main ship channel was closed yesterday morning by sinking four hulks across, it upon the bar. Last night a good deal of work was done on Fort Moultrie to defile it from the fire of this fort. There is a large steamer outside of the bar, apparently a man-of-war.

The health of the command is good, and their spirits excellent. In haste.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 12, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER, U. S. Army:

Colonel Hayne, of South Carolina, is bearer of dispatches from the governor of his State. I accompany him from Major Anderson. We start on the two o'clock train this afternoon.

NORMAN J. HALL.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 14, 1861

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the facilities for mail communication between this fort and the city of Charleston have been restored by order of Governor Pickens. The arrangement is for one of my boats to receive the mail at Fort Johnson, wither it is to be brought every day at 12 o'clock, and to deliver the mail from the fort at the same time to be taken to the office in the city. The reason assigned for this particular arrangement is that it will avoid all chances for rencounters and bloodshed between our boats' crews and riotous persons on the wharves in the city. All letters from the Department will, in all probability, be received.

Since the hasty letter sent by Lieutenant Hall, nothing of marked importance has transpired. The Carolinians are hard at work on Fort Moultrie raising sand-bag and earth merlous between all the guns that look in this direction, in a similar manner to the merlous that I con-

