
In the peculiar circumstances in which I am now placed in consequence of that message, and of my reply thereto, I will now state that I am willing to evacuate this fort upon the terms and conditions offered by yourself on the 11th instant, at any hour you may name to-morrow, or as soon as we can arrange means of transportation. I will not replace my flag until the return of your messenger.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.

7.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY, C. S. A.,

April 13, 1861-5 min. to 6 o'clock p.m.

SIR: On being informed that you were in distress, caused by a conflagration in Fort Sumter, I immediately dispatched my aides, Colonels Miles and Pryor, and Captain Lee, to offer you any assistance in my power to give.

Learning a few moments afterwards that a white flag was waving on your ramparts, I sent two others of my aides, Colonel Allston and Major Jones, to offer you the following terms of evacuation: All proper facilities for the removal of yourself and command, together with company arms and private property, to any point within the United States you may select.

Apprised that you desire the privilege of saluting your flag on retiring, I cheerfully concede it, in consideration of the gallantry with which you have defended the place under your charge.

The Catawba steamer will be at the landing of Sumter to-morrow morning at any hour you may designate for the purpose of transporting you whither you may desire.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major R. ANDERSON,

First Artillery, Commanding Fort Sumter, S. C.]

8.] HEADQUARTERS, FORT SUMTER, S. C.,

April 13, 1861-7.50 p.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this evening, and to express my gratification at its contents. Should it be convenient, I would like to have the Catawba here at about nine o'clock to-morrow morning.

With sentiments of the highest regard and esteem, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Provisional Army, C. S.

9.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, C. S. A.,

Charleston, April 15, 1861.

The commanding general directs that the commanding officer of the garrison of Fort Sumter will bury the unfortunate soldier who has been accidentally killed by explosion of misplaced powder while saluting

