
No. 21.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 23, 1861. [Received A. G. O., January 27.]

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to send herewith a copy of the reply of the Hon. D. F. Jamison to my letter to him about supplies for this garrison and the removal of our women and children, and also a copy of my acknowledgment of the same. I am highly gratified at the courtesy and proper tone of this reply.

The storm which was raging yesterday has continued with unabated severity up to the present moment, and has put a stop to all outdoor work, both with the South Carolinians and ourselves. It is now raining and blowing so heavily and the bay is so rough that I shall not venture to send our boat to Fort Johnson for the mail. Should the storm abate so that I can send our letters off in time for the evening mail I shall send them over. I see by the Coast Survey map that Maffitt's and the Swash Channel are not the same. I was led into that Mistake by an old pilot, who told me that Maffitt's Channel was formerly called the Swash. I will thank you to be pleased, therefore, to erase the words "Swash or" in my letter to the honorable Secretary of War dated the 21 instant, and also to change the word "enfilade" into "defilade," where in the same letter I am describing the work which has been recently executed at Fort Moultrie.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF WAR, Charleston, January 21, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON:

SIR: In offering to permit you to purchase in this city, through the instrumentality of an officer of the State, such fresh supplies of provisions as you might need, his excellency the governor was influenced solely by considerations of courtesy; and if he had no other motive for refusing to any of your garrison free access to the city to procure such supplies, he would have been moved by prudential reasons for the safety of your people, in preventing a collision between them and our own citizens. As to the manner of procuring your supplies, his excellency is indifferent whether it is done by the officer referred to, or whether your market supplies are delivered to you at Fort Johnson by the butcher whom you say you have before employed. It is only insisted on that the supplies, if sent, shall be carried over in a boat under an officer of the State who takes to Fort Johnson your daily mails. His excellency desires me to say that he willingly accedes to your request as to the women and children in Fort Sumter, and that he will afford every facility in his power to enable you to remove them from the fort at any time and in any manner that will be most agreeable to them.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

D. F. JAMISON.

---------------

*These corrections made in the text.

---------------

