
taking of the fort. He was calm and resigned, and met his end prayerfully, with the Lord's Prayer on his lips. A mother's gentle influence soothed his dying hour, and a soldier's spirit nerved a father's heart to resign his son to his Creator. The sympathy of the whole community is with them in their bereavement.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Mr. Yeadon, from the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two houses on that clause of the appropriation bill which appropriates $30,000 for dredging Maffitt's Channel, submitted a report recommending the adoption of the following: "For deepening or otherwise improving Maffitt's Channel, $30,000, to be drawn by and expended under the direction of a commission, as follows: Messrs. George A. Trenholm, Henry Gourdin, George N. Reynolds, W. G. De Saussure, F. I. Poroher, Hugh E. Vincent, and the mayor of Charleston ex officio: Provided, The work shall not be resumed until Fort Sumter passes into the possession of the authorities of the State, and all the troops of the United States shall be removed from the harbor of Charleston."

The report was agreed to.

Mr. Buist offered the following resolution:

"Resolved, That it is the opinion of the general assembly that no sessions of the courts of law or equity in this State should be holden so long as the Government at Washington has control of the fortress known as Fort Sumter."

Ten members objecting, the resolution was ordered for consideration on Monday.

No. 27. FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 30, 1861. [Received A. G. O.,

February 4.]

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: They are still busily engaged at work on Cummings Point. I am not yet certain what they are going to put there. There was very great activity and stir in the harbor last night. The lookout ship outside the bar displayed a light about half past 11, which was answered by rockets by the guard-boats, of which we noticed four on duty, and soon after two guns were fired from the battery on Morris Island, and at half past 1 o'clock this morning two guns were fired from Fort Moultrie. We could not see any vessels in the offing, but they might have been visible to those on the guard-boats [steamers]. I do hope that no attempt will be made by our friends to throw supplies in; their doing so would do more harm than good. The steamboat company did not send down for our women and children yesterday as they promised; why, I do not know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

No. 28.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 31, 1861. [Received A. G. O.,

February 4.]

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The South Carolinians are still busily engaged at work at two places on Cummings Point. They are using heavy timbers, which they square and frame. Last night they worked at least half the night. The agent of the New York steamers informed us yesterday that he could not get a lighter to come down for the women and children, but that he will send one for them to-morrow, so as to take them in the Saturday steamer. No reply, as yet, from the Charleston butcher, our beef contractor. I presume that he dare not send us any provisions,

