
from Fort Moultrie. In addition, it strikes me that there is no great vigor exhibited in hurrying forward the work at present.

The arrangement that I spoke of above for getting my vouchers and the records of the office is this: General Jamison, Secretary of War of South Carolina, in reply to a request from me either to allow my former clerk to collect and send down my papers, &amp;c., or to permit my present clerk to go town for this purpose, has informed me that he has directed my former clerk [now Lieutenant Jos. J. Legare, South Carolina Engineer Corps] to collect and send to me all the property in my office in town, belonging to me or the Government of the United States, that I might want. I have accordingly written to send all the vouchers, papers, records, and maps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

[Inclosures.]

JANUARY 1, 1861.

Extract from report of operations at Fort Sumter, S. C., for the month of December, 1860.

*			*			*			*			*

The operations of the month were steadily increased from the 1st to the 26th. The casemate arches were completed; the bluestone flagging of the first tier inside of the outer traverse circles was laid on the two faces and a part of the right flank; all of the traverse stones of the first tier were reset; the granite flagging of the second tier on the right face was laid; the construction of the embrasures of the second tier was commenced, and the finishing of the east barrack was also commenced.

On the night of the 26th Major Anderson transferred his command from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, and assumed command of the fort. The Engineer force broke up on the morning of the 28th, and the majority of the men left the fort. The regular work was then stopped, and all the remaining force was at once put at work mounting guns, under charge of Lieutenant Snyder, and otherwise preparing to meet and repulse any attack that the forces of the State might make upon us.

The few remaining days of the month were thus employed. A considerable quantity of material remaining on hand was of great value in making the preparations, and everything was freely used for this purpose.

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 1, 1861.

Extract from report of operations at preservation of the site of Fort Moultrie, for the month of December, 1860.

*			*			*			*			*

The operations of the month were brought to a sudden close by the evacuation of the fort by Major Anderson's command, on the night of the 26th of December, and its occupation by the troops of South Carolina on the following evening. My letters previous to that time gave so full an account of the work being done that it is unnecessary to repeat it here, especially as the report is delayed much beyond the usual time.

Respectfully submitted.

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

