
FORT SUMTER, January 1, 1861.

Extract from report of operations at Castle Pinckney, Charleston Harbor, S. C., for the month of December, 1860.

*			*			*			*			*

The operations of the month comprise the organization of the messing and lodging arrangements for the party, the policing of the work, the putting all the guns and carriages in good working order, the repairing and securing of the embrasure shutters and the main gate, the rebuilding of the cistern in the east circular half bastion, and the commencement to rebuild the wooden banquettes in the half bastions. The work, with all the property that it contained, was forcibly taken possession of on the afternoon of the 27th, by the troops of South Carolina, an entrance being effected by scaling the wall at the circular bastion by means of ladders.

Lieutenant R. K. Meade, Corps of Engineers, in charge, was suffered to withdraw to Fort Sumter, where he reported to me.

Respectfully submitted.

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., February 21, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY L. SCOTT,Acting Adjutant-General, New York:

SIR: I inclose a copy of a memorandum made by Lieutenant Hall, showing what articles are required at Fort Sumter, in addition to the usual supplies of the Subsistence Department, which the General-in-Chief wishes you to take measures to procure and have transferred to Captain Ward of the Navy, if he can take them on his vessels.

Please also have prepared as large a supply of subsistence as Captain Ward can take, including desiccated vegetables and potted meats.

When the expedition under Captain Ward shall sail [time yet uncertain] he may require a detachment of from fifty to two hundred recruits, with or without officers, as he may wish. See that they are confidentially prepared for that service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 51.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 21, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that they are still busily occupied extending the work at Cummings Point, and also the glaces at Fort Moultrie. We are placing the heavy pieces of wrought iron, intended for the second tier of embrasures, in the outer recesses of the windows of the second-story gorge front. They will act as good fenders there.

I am, colonel, very respectfully your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

