
No. 54.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 24, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that operations mentioned in No. 53 were continued through the day. Early this morning a few negroes were seen shoveling sand at the new battery on Cummings Point, but, perhaps, in respect for the day, the work appearers to be now suspended.

I feel that I have omitted too long placing officially on record the expression of my acknowledgments and thanks for the kindness shown by Asst. Surg. S. W. Crawford, Medical Department, and Lieutenants Snyder and Meade, U. S. Engineer Corps, in volunteering to relieve the company officers of this post by taking their turns as officers of the day.

Dr. Crawford commenced taking his tour as officer of the day regularly soon after we came over here, and Lieutenants Snyder and Meade offered their services as soon as they felt themselves at liberty to do so. I am under many obligations to these gentlemen for their having thus come forward to the relief of their brother officers, on whom the duties of the post were pressing very heavily.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

No. 55.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 25, 1861. [Received A. G. O.,

February 25.]

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that yesterday, after midday, large parties were at work at Cummings Point on a new battery and on the covered way leading from the bomb-proof battery to the first battery to the eastward of it, and also on the gun battery at Fort Johnson. They are placing muck on the mortar battery at Fort Johnson. This morning a large force is engaged on the covered way on Cummings Point, and smaller parties on the new battery this side of the bomb-proof battery, and extending the glaces at Fort Moultrie. I am having some of my guns moved from the right to the left face of this fort, where they will be equally effective for the purpose I wish them, and will be safe from the fire of the Morris Island battery constructed to take them in the flank.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 25, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL:

*			*			*			*			*

The sudden change from the warm temperature of yesterday to the cold and wind of to-day seems to have a chilling effect upon the negro laborers employed on the parapet of the new battery at Cummings Point, and they have been mostly withdrawn and placed at work in the ditch of the curtain connecting the iron bomb-proof battery and the

