
three-gun battery in the field work to the east. The high wind of last night blew down the storehouse and quarters that I mentioned yesterday and the day before.

At the mortar battery south of Fort Johnson a party commenced work soon after dinner yesterday [Sunday] and worked until night, throwing up a mass of muck in front of and against the parapet, apparently to protect it from the wash of the surf, and also to increase its thickness.

On Fort Moultrie they are still at work at the glaces. It appears now that it is not so nearly parallel to the face that fronts us as I drew it in my letter two days since, but rather inclines to be parallel with the beach. It is already extended so as to cross "Fort street." It is evident that this may be used as a shelter for a line of mortars, but I hardly believe it will be so used, as there is already built a battery for mortars lower down the island.

The South Carolinians had only three or four mortars, and I have heard of the arrival of but three since the commencement of hostile preparations.

The health of the command is very good, with no sickness among the officers or men of sufficient importance to take them from a single day's duty. Major Anderson is and has been well, and there was no foundation for the report of his illness.

I received yesterday a note from Captain Wright, containing some interesting private information, and take this means of acknowledging it, so that he may know that it was received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

No. 56.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 26, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that they appear to be strengthening the covered way on Cummings Point, and that they are this morning fitting in the timber frame for the third embrasure of the battery at the end of the point nearest to us. They are still at work on the glaces at Fort Moultrie, and appear to have extended wings back from the mortar battery near Fort Johnson.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 26, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Very little appears to be done since yesterday, although quite a large force of laborers have been at work upon the third breaching battery and upon the curtain connecting the first and the second [the iron bomb-proof battery]. A second embrasure was formed in the third battery. The work upon the curtain has apparently for object to excavate the ditch deeper, throwing out all the sand that had blown in, and to make the parapet stronger. It will thus serve as an admirable

