
position for a line of mortars. The work on the other batteries around us was hardly worthy of note yesterday.

The troops on Fort Moultrie practiced with ball to obtain the ranges of the channel and especially of that point in the main channel where it turns towards the city. The buoy on this side of the channel at this point is five eighths of a mile from us, in a direction a little south of east. The practice was excellent, all the shot striking the water nearly in the same spot; so it will be seen that the ranges are well understood now, and any vessel coming in must not expect to fare as well as the Star of the West.

The second fougasse on the gorge was charged, means for firing arranged, and the stone loaded upon it during the day yesterday.

I am to submit to-day to Major Anderson a written memorandum of the condition of the work and its capabilities to resist a bombardment, together with any additional preparations that I have to suggest. He also requires the same of Lieutenants Snyder and Meade.

I am now taking down a third temporary building to obtain fuel. there are two other buildings remaining, besides which are twelve gun carriages. I have a small quantity of new lumber reserved for emergencies. Our supplies and mails come from town as usual.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, February 28, 1861.

Major R. ANDERSON,

First Artillery, Commanding Fort Sumter, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I acknowledge the receipt of your several communications, including No. 55, of the 25th instant. The Secretary of War directs me to send you the inclosed slip, and to say that the Peace Convention yesterday agreed upon the basis of a settlement of our political difficulties, which was reported to Congress. The Secretary entertains the hope that nothing will occur now of a hostile character.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

The Commissioners from the Southern Confederacy are expected to arrive here before the close of this week. They are accredited to the incoming administration, and pending the efforts to negotiate, nothing will be done calculated to disturb the public peace.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 28, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Yesterday and to-day being pleasant, the work upon the Cummings Point batteries has progressed well. The third battery for breaching is nearly completed, three embrasures being fully constructed and a fourth nearly so. Four 24-pounder guns were landed yesterday, evidently to arm this battery. They were upon siege carriages.

