
and as soon as this is done a 42-pounder will next be mounted there. After this, we will make an effort, with some new blocks that we have made, to raise a 10-inch columbiad and to mount it at the right gorge angle.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

No. 63.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 5, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that parties are working to-day on the mortar battery at Fort Johnson, which they are making higher and stronger, and on the Morris Island batteries, numbered on Captain Seymour's sketch Nos.1,9, and 10. They are filling the embrasures in this last battery, in which we see that one gun has been placed. They are also at work on the covered way connecting Nos.9 and 7.*.

I presume, from the movements around us yesterday, that Brigadier General P. G. T. Beauregard assumed command and made an inspection of the forts, &amp;c., in this harbor, which are garrisoned by the South Carolina troops.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 5, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The work on the Cummings Point batteries continues steadily. This morning the greatest number of laborers seen to be employed in repairing the injuries to the parapets caused by the wind of yesterday and the wind and rain of last night. The work in the third breaching battery yesterday indicated that the platforms for the guns were being laid, and that it was being made ready for its guns; one 24-pounder has stood in front of it for three days. A small working party is still engaged upon the mortar battery on James Island. It is reported from the city that the floating battery does not come up to anticipations, inasmuch as it draws seven feet of water without its armament, and requires a counterpoise on the reverse to counteract the tendency to tip towards the front, owing to the weight of the shield on that side. Yesterday three steamers landed troops and supplies on Cummings Point, and appearances indicated that preparations were making for immediate action in case the news from Washington exhibited a coercive policy on the part of the administration. It is reported that General Beauregard visited the batteries on Cummings Point yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

---------------

*Here omitted. To appear in Atlas.

---------------

