
FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 7, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The increased activity exhibited in the batteries of the South Carolinians yesterday continues this morning. The work on Morris Island is mostly confined to the strengthening of breach battery No. 3. On James Island a considerable force is still engaged in strengthening the mortar battery. Generally speaking, there is more earnestness exhibited now than for several days previous to the 5th instant. The Confederate flag was displayed yesterday from the custom-house. General Beauregard is, it is understood, in command of the forces here under the authority of the Confederation. The reception on Morris Island that we observed on the 4th was that of Governor Pickens and General Beauregard.

I have received the two letters of the 2nd and a copy of Major Mordecai's report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

No. 67.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 9, 1861. [Received A. G. O.,

March 12.]

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we can see the South Carolinians engaged this morning strengthening and extending considerably what we supposed to have been intended for a mortar battery at Fort Johnson. Small parties are also working at Nos.9 and 10, and a very heavy force at the bend of the island, this side of No. 1. Whether they are constructing another battery there, or strengthening one that is already there, I cannot tell. One of my officers reports that he has counted nine 24-pounders which have been landed at Cummings Point within a week. Yesterday he saw several shot or shells, which appeared to be about eight inches in diameter. They are certainly busy strengthening the batteries already constructed, and probably adding others.

It appears to me that vessels will even now, from the time they cross the bar, be under fire from the batteries on Morris Island until they get under the walls of this work. I do not speak of the batteries which have been constructed on Sullivan's Island, as I am not certain of their positions. Fort Moultrie will, of course, be a very formidable enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 9, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Soon after I closed my letter* for the mail yesterday, and while two officers were getting ready to bear a letter from Major Anderson demanding an explanation, an officer from Cummings Point, Major Stevens, came with a white flag and a letter from the commanding officer, Colonel Gregg, offering an ample apology. It appears that in prac-

---------------

*Letter not found, but see Beauregard to Walker, March 9, Confederate Correspondence, &amp;c., post.

---------------

