
[Indorsements.]

The within may do good and can do no harm. It commits no one.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

The order of which this is a copy was presented to the President March 19, 1861.

G. V. Fox, formerly of the Navy, was selected by General Scott as the messenger, and approved by the President.

S. C.

Numbers 77.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 19, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that all is still, within the range of our observation. The snow squall we had this morning, and the consequent coldness of the air, would have a tendency to check their operations. We are, thank God, doing very well. The paymaster is now paying off this command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 78.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 20, 1861.

(Received A. G. O., March 23.)

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that last night they were unusually vigilant watching the entrance to this harbor. This morning we see them mounting a gun in battery Numbers 1, apparently clearing ground for platforms for a new battery on the sea shore, behind Numbers 2, and strengthening the covered way on the left of the iron battery. We see framework, perhaps for a large shed, to the right of the iron battery. They are evidently apprehensive that an attempt may be made to throw re-enforcements into this work.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 20, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The operations on Morris Island are still solely confined to strengthening the channel batteries and to creating successive points of defense to a land attack coming up the beach, as small redoubts on top of sand hills, entrenched houses, &amp;c. All operations looking to an attack on this fort have ceased. The throats of the embrasures of battery Numbers 3 (see letter of the 17th) have been closed with sand bags, and the guns may be removed to the channel side, although I doubt it, from the fact that we have seen them land seven guns with carriages from Castle Pinckney. They are now engaged in mounting additional guns in battery Numbers 4.

All the batteries bearing on the channel are being increased in

14 R R

