
Numbers 84.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 26, 1861.

(Received A. G. O., March 29.)

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that quite a large party is busy this morning on what is probably a bomb-proof in rear of the large work near Fort Johnson. They have extended and heightened several of the works on Morris Island, particularly Numbers 1 of Captain Seymour's sketches.

We are constructing splinter-proofs on the parade, and closing the opening in the gorge wall. I have the honor to mention that Mr. Lamon, from Washington City, visited me yesterday.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

P. S.-I inclose herewith a correspondence between the South Carolina officials and myself in reference to some points to which attention was called some time since. Expecting a reply to my last communication, I have delayed sending these letters off, but now do so, as no rejoinder will probably be made.

Respectfully,

R. A.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 13, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. F. W. PICKENS:

SIR: I have the honor herewith respectfully to inclose, for the consideration of your excellency, a note received yesterday by the clerk of Captain Foster from the beef contractor, which appears to show an interference with your excellency's orders.

I am confident in the event of your excellency having made any change in your instructions in reference to my supplies I would have been promptly notified thereof. A similar interference may have prevented my receiving some boxes of solidified milk, which have been several days in the city to my address and which cannot have been detained on account of freight, as it was prepaid. This certainly would not, in the eyes of the transportation agent, come under the head of contraband of war or prohibited articles. It may be ass well for me to mention here a few points which have not received that attention to which I think they are entitled.

About six weeks ago I sent, under cover to Colonel L. M. Hatch, quartermaster-general, a note from Sergeant Renehan, of this command, to his brother-in-law, asking him to send from Fort Moultrie his private property, which was already packed up, and I respectfully asked Colonel Hatch if he would be pleased to give it his attention. No reply has been received to my communication, nor have the articles been sent.

About a month since instructions were given by the honorable Secretary of War that Captain Foster's private property on Sullivan's Island, as well as some public papers in the office in Charleston, should be sent down. Neither the property nor the papers have yet been received here.

Early in January I sent some officers to Fort Moultrie for certain private property left there. They were received in so different a manner from the civility and courtesy that characterized the manner of Colonel De Saussure that I have not ventured to make another attempt to obtain possession of it, and I am thus cut off from regimental books (not public property) and office papers, valuable to us, and merely interesting to others.

