
of a collision. He remarked to his informants, as he told me, that he thought it a foolish story, advised them to say nothing about it, and said that he was certain, at all events, that I had no idea of anything of the kind, and came down to tell me of the rumor.

I regret exceedingly that your letter contains the remark it does in reference to the effect of a residence at Fort Sumter on the boy's "temper and principles," and I am satisfied that, upon further consideration, you will regret it.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 26, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing of interest to report connected with operations in the batteries around us. There seems to be a general lack of activity, and the little that is being done is at the channel batteries on Morris Island and the mortar battery on James Island. The indications of a coming storm appear. In this fort the closing of the exterior openings in the first tier of the gorge is completed, and the work on the splinter-proof traverses continued. The sixth and last temporary building on the parade is being demolished for fuel. Some lumber and one condemned gun carriage have already been burned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

P. S.-A messenger from the President of the United States arrived yesterday about 2 o'clock, and after delivering his dispatches and having an interview with Major Anderson, departed about 3 o'clock. Mr. Lamon, I understand, was the gentleman's name, and he was escorted to the fort from the city by Colonel Duryea, of the governor's staff.

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

Numbers 85.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 27, 1861.

(Received A. G. O., March 30.)

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that three heavy guns were landed yesterday at Cummings Point, and that this morning we can only see that they are working at the place at Fort Johnson mentioned in yesterday's letter. I send herewith a correspondence which has taken place since my last date between Brigadier-General Beauregard and myself. They may have misunderstood a remark which I have made, viz, that if attacked, and I found that I could not hold possession of the fort, that I would blow it up, sacrificing our lives in preference to permitting ourselves to fall into their hands. I hope that the authorities here now understand distinctly that I shall give no pledges whatever. I shall do nothing which is not fully justified by the highest sense of honorable and straightforward dealing, and will not permit from any source any insinu-

