
case cordially uniting with you int he wish that we may have the pleasure of meeting under more favorable circumstances,

I remain, dear general, yours truly,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 26, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,

U. S. Army, Commanding at Fort Sunter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

MY DEAR MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of this date, and hasten to disabuse you as to any intention on my part of wounding, in any manner whatsoever, the feelings of so gallant an officer by anything I may have written in my letter of this morning.

I only alluded to the pledge referred to by you on account of the high source from which the rumors spoken of appeared to come, and which, in the eyes of many officers of high standing, might be considered a sufficient reason for executing orders which otherwise they would not approve of; but I regret now having referred to the subject.

I remain, dear major, yours very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 27, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I hasten, in reply to your kind and satisfactory note of yesterday afternoon, just received, to express my gratification at its tenor. I only regret that rumors from any source made you, for one moment, have the slightest doubt as to the straight path of honor and duty, in which I trust, by the blessing of God, ever to be found.

I am, dear general, yours sincerely,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 27, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The only work being done this morning in the surrounding batteries is on Cummings Point, where small parties, apparently of soldiers, are at work on the parapets of battery Numbers 3 (looking towards Fort Moultrie) and the redoubt on the sand hill in rear of the Star of the West battery. They appear to be repairing the damages caused by the wind and rain of yesterday and last night. More guns were landed on Cummings Point, but how many I cannot tell. Three of them, apparently 24-pounders on siege carriages, are now on the beach at the place of landing.

Two messengers from the city, Lieutenant S. W. Ferguson, formerly of the Army, and Colonel Chisolm, came yesterday as bearers of a letter to Major Anderson from General Beauregard.

My operations are confined to the collection and counting of materials,

