
clearing of the parade, construction of splinter-proof traverse in front of ordnance room, and cutting of interior slope of parapet, so as to allow the 10-inch columbiad at the west gorge angle to traverse so as to fire on all the batteries on Cummings Point.

It was with great pleasure that I received the expressions of the approval of the Department contained in your letter of the 23rd.

I inclose herewith a sketch showing the arrangement of guns, &amp;c., on the first and third tiers of this work.* This arrangement will probably not be altered unless active operations be commenced against the work.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

Left with Assistant Adjutant-General Townsend for the information of General Scott. Returned to Engineer Department April 2, 1861.

H. G. W.

Numbers 86.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 28, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that everything was quiet last night. As we do not see the iron-plated floating battery this morning in the position it has occupied for some time, it is probable that it has been moved to guard some one of their exposed entrances. They are still engaged at the new work at Fort Johnson.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 28, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Very little is being done in the hostile batteries beyond the repairing of damages to parapets, except at the James Island mortar battery, where about fifty men are at work on the covered way to the left flank of the entrenchments, and upon an extension of the battery to the right. The floating battery was moved from her moorings last night, and removed to some place not within sight. The city papers stated some days since that she was to be taken to the mouth of the Stono, and it is probable that she was taken down there, on the high tide of last night, through Wappoo Creek.

The two messengers of the day before came again yesterday, with a second communication from General Beauregard to Major Anderson. Upon the whole, appearances are very pacific in this harbor at present, and no hostile demonstrations are made, or great activity in preparation exhibited. The three siege guns still remain in the same position on the beach at Cummings Point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

---------------

*For sketch see p. 225.

---------------

