
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT. Preliminary orders.-Steamers Pocahontas at Norfolk, Pawnee at Washington, Harriet Lane at New York (Treasury Department), to be under sailing orders for sea, with stores, &amp;c., for one month. Three hundred men to be kept ready for departure from on board the receiving ships at New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT. Preliminary.-Two hundred men to be ready to leave Governor's Island in New York. Supplies for twelve months for one hundred men to be put in portable shape, ready for instant shipping. A large steamer and three tugs conditionally engaged.

MARCH 28, 1861.

Numbers 87.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 29, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report everything quiet. The sling-cart was removed from Morris Island last evening, showing, probably, that they have finished for the present the moving of guns, &c., on that island. We see nothing going on but the continued prosecution of the work at Fort Johnson. The sick-report embraces eight to-day, but all the cases, with the exception of two of rupture, are slight.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 88.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 30, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to say that we see them engaged this morning as reported yesterday. They have commenced filling up the embrasure in the battery at the landing at Cummings Point.

On further reflection, it occurs to me that the floating battery may have been towed down to some point whence it may be brought at high tide through, perhaps, Light-house Creek, to the position intended near us.

I see that there is a small troop of cavalry on Sullivan's Island.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 30, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Everything is quiet. The embrasures of the breaching battery Numbers 1 are closed, two of them with sand bags laid in solidly, and two with more temporary screens. Some men are at work on battery Numbers 3, apparently closing its three embrasures more solidly than before, with sand bags. No other work appears in progress on Morris Island.

