
These provisions, which have necessarily been consumed by others, would have added to the time we have already been at this post subsistence for the following number of days, respectively:

Pork-Sixteen and twenty-seven-ninetieth days.

Flour and hard bread-Forty and sixty-five-ninetieth days.

Beans-Eleven and one-ninth days.

Coffee-Nineteen and one-third days.

Sugar-Fifty-seven and one-third days.

Or, with what is now on hand, at least thirty-five days of comfortable subsistence for the command, including the laundresses, who were sent away about two months ago.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

NORMAN J. HALL,

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, A. A. C. S.

APRIL 1, 1861.

Extract from report of operations for the month of March, 1861, at Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.

* * * * * *

The operations of the month comprise the mounting of two 42-pounders-one at the left shoulder angle and the other at the west gorge angle-by means of a caseate-top carriage adapted to 10-inch columbiad chassis; the elevating to the terre-plein of two 10-inch columbiads with their carriages, and mounting them-one at the west gorge angle and the other at the east gorge angle; moving two 32-pounders from the left face to the gorge, and remounting them; closing up the exterior loophole openings of the first tier on the gorge by large blocks of stone, with the interstices filled with molten lead; erecting two large splinter-proof traverses on the parade-one in front of the hospital and the other of the ordnance room; hoisting the surplus gun carriages to the terre-plein, and commencing to form splinter-proof traverses of them; making implements for serving the guns, and better fastenings for the main gates, and iron casing to the manhole door through the same.

Respectfully submitted.

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., April 2, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Owing to a dense fog which has prevailed since last evening nothing can be seen beyond a few yards from the fort. There are no indications to believe that there is any movement on foot, or that the state of partial inactivity last reported has been at all changed. The necessary permit from the governor for the discharged men to land at Fort Johnson did not arrive in season yesterday, consequently they remained, and will probably leave at 12 m. to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

