
the guns of this fort and of Fort Johnson, the case does not really require the use of that flag. Nothing has ever been said about it until yesterday, when on its return from Fort Johnson with my mail she was stopped by a row-boat from the vessel which remains anchored off the left flank of this fort (the one about which Lieutenant Snyder spoke to his excellency and yourself, and of which you said you knew nothing), and an officer in charge told my men that his orders were not to let any boat go from Fort Sumter to the shore without a white flag and that he must raise it. I do not believe that you have given these orders, and I am unwilling that my officers shall leave here, as we hope to do in a few days, under the impression that you have either had that vessel placed so much nearer to us than any vessel has ever been anchored before or given her such orders. I have never regarded myself as being in a hostile attitude towards the inhabitants of South Carolina, and have been very particular in treating every one who has approached me or with whom I have had any intercourse with the greatest civility and courtesy. I hope that you will at once give your attention to both these matters, and I most earnestly hope that nothing will ever occur to alter, in the least, the high regard and esteem I have for so many years entertained for you.

I am, dear general, yours, very truly,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 7, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,

Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

DEAR MAJOR: Your letter dated yesterday was received by me this morning, and I regret to learn that the firing from the mortar battery yesterday was so directed as to render the explosion of the shells dangerous to the occupants of Fort Sumter. The attention of the officer in command of the battery was called to the manner of his firing yesterday, and orders will be sent to him to-day not to practice again in the same direction.

In regard to the vessel lying near Fort Sumter, orders were given by me, as early as the 4th instant, for its removal to some other point, and if it has not been done steps will be taken to have it removed forthwith.

The orders to hail boats passing to and from Fort Sumter without a white flag was not intended by me to apply to your mail-boat at 12 m., and orders will be given to the proper officers to allow it to pass as heretofore. Let me assure you, major, that nothing shall be wanting on my part to preserve the friendly relations and impressions which have existed between us for so many years.

I am, major, very truly, yours,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 96.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., April 7, 1861.

(Received A. G. O., April 13.)

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we do not see any work going on around us. There was more activity displayed by the guard-

