
I then informed Governor Pickens and General Beauregard that I had no further official business to transact with them, and that it was the desire of Mr. Chew and myself and myself to start North that night. Both replied that there would be no obstruction to our departure, and each of them detailed an officer of the staff to escort us to the railroad depot. We left Charleston at 11 o'clock p. m. on the 8th instant, arriving here this morning. We were detained several hours at Florence, S. C., and at Richmond, Va., in consequence of the railway trains failing to connect at those places. I brought back with me the sealed dispatch for Major Anderson, instructed to my care by the President.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. TALBOT,

Brevet Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.,*

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, December 28, 1860.

Honorable D. F. JAMISON, President of the Convention:

SIR: As the Convention sent for me yesterday, to be informed upon important business, I take the occasion to say that, under my order, Castle Pinckney was taken last evening, and the United States flag hauled down and the Palmetto banner run up in its place. And I also ordered a detachment from an artillery regiment to occupy Sullivan's Island; and if it could be done without any immediate danger from mines, or too great loss of life, to take Fort Moultrie and to run up the Palmetto flag, and put the guns in immediate preparation for defense. I have now full possession of those two forts. I considered the evacuation of Fort Moultrie, under all the circumstances, a direct violation of the distinct understanding between the authorities of the Government at Washington and those who were authorized to act on the part of the State, and bringing on a state of war.

I therefore thought it due to the safety of the State that I should take the steps I have. I hope there is no immediate danger of further aggression for the present.

Respectfully,

F. W. PICKENS.

[WASHINGTON], January 2, 1861.

Honorable M. L. BONHAM, Charleston, S. C.:

Holt succeeds Floyd. It means war. Cut off supplies from Anderson and take Sumter soon as possible.

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

WASHINGTON, January 4, 1861.

A. N. KIMBALL, Jackson, Miss.:

No troops have been sent to Charleston nor will be while I am a member of the Cabinet.

J. THOMPSON.

---------------

* Correspondence between the Confederate and the United States authorities will be found in the "Union Correspondence, &amp; c."

---------------

