
[JANUARY 5 (?),, 1861.] Saturday - 8 o'clock a. m.

Honorable JOHN ROBERTSON,

Commissioner from Virginia, Charleston:

President's reply: "Brooklyn not for South Carolina. On errand of mercy and relief."

JOHN TYLER.

WASHINGTON, Tuesday morning, January 8, 1861.

His Excellency F. W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

The Star of the West sailed from New York on Sunday with Government troops and provisions. It is said her destination is Charleston. If so, she may be hourly expected off the harbor of Charleston.

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR,

January 29, 1861.

HENRY A. MULLINGS, Esq.,

Commanding Cutter William Aiken:

SIR: You will proceed, with the cutter William Aiken, off Ship Channel, and when a friendly vessel comes over the bar you will make a signal, running your flag up to the mainmast head for a few moments, and then haul it down. If an unfriendly vessel, you will dip your flag at mainmast head, but be sure to keep it flying. Every vessel should be looked into, or partially examined, to see that no unnecessary number of men are on board. The private signal has been arranged with the Nashville and Columbia. For the present, the former will show a flag of white and red from mainmast head; the latter, her private signal, with the letter M in the center. The Adger will show from her mainmast head a blue flag, with letter M. If your boat should be detained or captured by an unfriendly vessel, she (the unfriendly vessel) will be prevented from entering, by the battery east of Fort Moultrie, and by Fort Moultrie.

Very respectfully,

JAMES H. NORTH,

Captain, Commanding.

[FEBRUARY 2, 1861.]

Governor PICKENS, Charleston, S. C.:

Communication made to President last evening. It elaborates the matter contained in instructions, and encloses the original demand. Cabinet meets to-day. I shall leave on Monday evening.

President, I think, will refer everything to Congress, and make his reply in his message. Letter from the Baron received. Ingraham's resignation will go in to-day.

I. W. HAYNE.

FEBRUARY 7, 1861.

Judge J. ROBERTSON, Montgomery, Ala.:

Hayne has returned. Prevent, if possible, collision. It is of great importance to results here.

J. TYLER.

