
Entertaining these opinions, the President directs me to say that he is engaged assiduously in pressing forward measures to effect results in which all are interested. Under the fourth section of an act of Congress to raise Provisional Forces for the Confederate States of America, and for other purposes, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose in another communication of this date, the President has appointed Peter G. T. Beauregard brigadier-general to command the Provisional Forces of this Government in the harbor of Charleston. General Beauregard will be accompanied by an adjutant, whose duty it will be to receive into the Provisional Army, with their officers, under the provisions of the act aforesaid, the forces of your State now in Charleston.

General Beauregard has the entire confidence of the President and of this Department, and I beg to commend him as possessing every soldierly quality.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 1, 1861.

Brigadier General P. G. T. BEAUREGARD:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Charleston and report to Governor Pickens for military duty in that State.

You are authorized by your appointment as brigadier-general, under the provisions of the third section of an act of the Congress to raise Provisional Forces for the Confederate States, to receive into the service of this Government such forces as may be tendered or may volunteer, not to exceed five thousand men, as you may require, or for whom you can make suitable provision. A copy of the act referred to has been this day transmitted to Governor Pickens.

You will report to this Department your arrival at Charleston, and give such information with respect to the defenses of that harbor as you may consider important. You will also secure, if possible, the services of a competent adjutant, and report your action in that behalf to this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 2, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD, Commanding at Charleston:

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Treasury has directed Governor Pickens to transfer to your credit, as commanding officer at Charleston, the sum of $ 20,000, to meet your present necessities. Other arrangements are in progress, with every prospect of speedy success, to place to your credit such sums as you may need from time to time. If you have failed to secure the services of a competent assistant adjutant and quartermaster, let me know it without delay, as I can now supply you with these officers. As there may be some temporary dissatisfaction with the State troops at Charleston, owing to the fact that you have superseded their commanding officers, it might be proper for you, as soon as possible, to muster one or more companies at least into the

