
dier-general commanding: Captain D. R. Jones, as assistant adjutant-general; Captain Stephen D. Lee, of the regular artillery service of the State of South Carolina, as acting assistant quartermaster-general and acting assistant commissary-general; Captain S. Wragg Ferguson, of the regular infantry service of the State of South Carolina, as aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Joseph J. Legare, of the regular engineer service of the State of South Carolina, as private secretary.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., March 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Battalion of Artillery, Fort Moultrie, S. C.:

SIR: Your two letters of the 5th and 6th instants have been received, and the matters referred to by you will be attended to forthwith. The affair of selections has been referred to General Dunovant. I am fully aware of the difficulties of your position, but from your zeal and known ability to surmount obstacles I have no doubt you will give a good account of yourself and command when the hour of trial shall have arrived. I regret (in the movement of troops lately taken place) you had to be deprived of the command on Sullivan's Island, for which position I know you are highly qualified, but the necessities of the service required the order to be given. Whenever practicable a different arrangement will be made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., March 7, 1861.

Major W. GWYNN, Corps of Engineers:

MAJOR: The general commanding desires that the embrasure enfilading battery, and the mortar battery beyond Moultrie, be constructed first, unless you have already commenced the one across the bay, in which case you will continue the latter to completion, and, instead of adding those two 32-pounders from Moultrie to the five-guns battery, as ordered, he intends to add them to the first-named mortar battery, with a strong traverse between them and the mortars. They must also have strong flank traverses.

Major Trapier will please caution Captain S. Y. Tupper, of the five-gun battery, that the traverses and pintles being on a wrong level at that battery, the chassis must be propped up in their middle when the gun is fired to prevent its breaking, the slope being too steep.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - At Cummings Point on Morris Island he wishes all work to be stopped at present, except at the iron battery (finishing the work he ordered there) and at the condemned mortar battery (which he ordered to be changed into a bomb-proof). The balance of the working force will

