
WASHINGTON, March 14, 1861.

Gov. F. W. PICKENS, Charleston, S. C.:

I confidently believe Sumter will be evacuated, and think a Government messenger left here yesterday with orders to that effect for Anderson.

JOHN FORSYTH.

MONTGOMERY, March 14, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

Steamers Star of the West, Harriet Lane, Crusader, Mohawk, and Empire City ordered to sail from New York last night. Said to carry arms, provisions, and men. Destination not known.

L. P. WALKER.

[Copies to General Bragg, Pensacola; Captain Jones, Fort Morgan; Major Duncan, Forts Jackson and St. Philip.]
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., March 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the three telegrams of the 13th and 14th instants.* I telegraphed an answer to-day.

Major Whiting has this day reported for duty. Captain Northrop informed me a few days ago that he had informed you he could not at present accept the commission offered him. I would at present have no need of him. I have ordered the Drummond-light operator to be here forthwith, for his services will be required as soon as the apparatus arrives. After instructing two or three persons here he might be sent to New Orleans.

By the orders transmitted to-day it will be seen that I am straining every nerve to be ready to meet successfully any re-enforcements that may be intended for Fort Sumter. I believe in a very few days I will be ready at all points. I have made a thorough reconnaissance of all the coast approaches to Charleston, and, with a little time, see not much difficulty in preventing an enemy from using them with any prospect of success. I have succeeded in obtaining, for about ten days, the services of a competent ex-officer of the Ordnance, who is on a visit here - Lieutenant Charles C. Lee, now professor in a military school of North Carolina. I hope, with his assistance, to be able to put the ordnance at this place in a better condition than it is at present. Captain Boggs, during the very few days he spent here, had already done a great deal towards that very desirable end. I found so much opposition here to the employment of Captain J. P. Jones, Lieutenants Williams, O'Brien, and Robertson, as company officers in any of the regiments here, that I put the first two on ordnance duty, as receivers of ordnance, &amp; c., at the batteries, and the other two as assistant engineers. Lieutenant Williams has been quite sick since his arrival here; the others appear to be very zealous and energetic. As to Captain Jones, I cannot yet speak of him with much certainty; but although regretting not to be in command of his company, I

---------------

* Except that of 14th given above, these refer only to matters of detail.

---------------

