
CHARLESTON, March 21, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

State ordnance board cannot spare book of plates.* Copies should be sent if required. Ordnance officer much needed here. Lieutenant Haskell cannot go immediately to Baltimore. Department better send another one from Montgomery.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 21, 1861.

General P. G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The probability is, if there be any reliance on rumors semi-official in their character, that Fort Sumter will be shortly abandoned. Of course, it would be proper to afford Major Anderson and his men a safe conduct out of the harbor; but before this is done you must feel perfectly assured that there are no mines laid with trains within the fort. This might be individually accomplished by informing Major Anderson that you intended immediately on its abandonment by him to occupy it, and to take possession of everything left behind; that you did not desire to do this, except upon an inventory to be made out by yourself and one of his officers, and the proper officer to be detailed by him to perform this duty would be Foster, the Engineer.

Should he reply to this proposition that he cannot consider what course you may pursue after his abandonment of the fort, and therefore decline to assist in the inventory, it will be your duty to communicate to him the existence of the rumor, and to demand from him such assurance of its falsity as shall fully satisfy you. If he declines to give this assurance it will be your duty to prevent their departure. It is hardly probably that he will decline either of these propositions, but should he decline both you must pursue the course herein indicated, and keep him where he is.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. G. O.,

Montgomery, March 21, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Provisional Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that Captain William D. Pender, of the Corps of Artillery, has been sent to Baltimore, Md., to direct the recruiting service in that city, whose duty it will be to have every recruit examined and passed by a medical officer previously to his being accepted. Such as may pass examination are to be shipped from time to time as they accumulate, and sent to Charleston. The officer will notify you by mail or telegraph of the facts of such shipments. The recruits on arriving in Charleston are to be there enlisted into the Army of the Confederate States for the term of years provided by law.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

* This refers to plans, &amp; c., seized at Charleston Arsenal, and called for by Mr. Walker under date of March 18, 1861.

---------------

