
CHARLESTON, March 22, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER:

Special messenger from General Scott to learn Anderson's condition arrived last evening. Went back last night. Reports Anderson nearly out fuel and provisions. All my batteries will be finished and armed in two or three days. Can I have Boggs?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,March 24, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have read the papers and your note to Major Anderson. As to the inventory suggested, of all public property, would it not be well to wait his propositions first? Because, if we propose an inventory, it will imply that our Government is to be responsible for the amount in any future settlement, whereas, considering that the United States forces inaugurated a state of hostilities, approaching a state of war (by the removal from Moultrie, by leaving the carriages, spiking the guns, and cutting down the flagstaff, and left the fort in actual flames, which would have reached the magazine if I had not taken possession and stopped the progress), then the attempt to throw re-enforcements in and the whole course of the Government and command here, has forfeited all claim for future accountability for armament and public property in this fort now; besides, the expenses they have forced us to, in order to ward off the conquest and subjugation intended by their occupation of Sumter, all cancel the obligation to account. If Anderson should offer or desire to have an inventory, then I will agree to it with pleasure, or any reasonable request, so as to get them out without difficulty. But I would, when they retire, sign the inventory with a protest against the Government being finally responsible, unless it might be expedient to do so in a full settlement. I have no idea that Anderson has as yet any authority to agree to your propositions in any shape, because I do not think the Government has yet empowered him. I merely throw out these suggestions for the present, and have no objections to your sending a letter somewhat like yours, if you think the time has now arrived.

With great regard, yours, very truly,

F. W. PICKENS.
HDQRS. PROV. ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., March 25, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD MANIGAULT,

Chief of Ordnance S. C. Army, Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: Your communication of this date is just received. The brigadier-general commanding desires me to say that he wishes the following distribution to be made of the ordnance referred to by you:

One Dahlgren gun to Sullivan's Island; two 10-inch sea-coast mortars to Sullivan's Island; two 10-inch sea-coast mortars to Mount Pleasant battery; two-thirds of the 9-inch shells to Morris Island, for the Dahlgren battery; one-third of the 9-inch shells to Sullivan's Island, for the Dahlgren battery; all the 8-inch shells to Morris Island; two hundred 10-inch shells to Sullivan's Island, for mortar battery; two hundred 10-

