
WASHINGTON, April 3, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS, &amp; C., Montgomery, Ala.:

Much activity to-day in the War and Navy Departments. It is said the Minnesota, at Boston, has been ordered to the mouth of the Mississippi. Powhatan suddenly put in commission to sail next week. Four companies now here - three artillery, one sappers and miners -ordered to New York. Report says these movements have reference to the San Domingo question. Pawnee will not be ready for sea until Saturday.

Our intermediary says they dare not deceive him, as they know we do not rely upon them but upon HIM.

CRAWFORD.

ROMAN.

FORSYTH.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 3, 1861 - 10 p. m.

General BEAUREGARD:

Minnesota ordered to sea, supposed to be for mouth of Mississippi; Powhatan to sail next week; Pawnee ordered to sea on Saturday. Three companies artillery (one of sappers and miners) ordered to New York; probably for the South. Be on lookout.

L. P. WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,Charleston, S. C., April 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of instructions of the 2nd instant, in reference to Fort Sumter, and respectfully ask to be further instructed in regard to the mails of Major Anderson, which have been allowed daily up to this time, whether they shall be continued or limited to once or twice a week.

The batteries are now all complete, but I regret to have to state that there are but few, if any, well-instructed artillerists on Morris Island; also, that the shells and fuses of the sea-coast guns and columbiads cannot be entirely relied upon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 5, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS, & C., Montgomery, Ala.:

The movement of troops and preparation on board of vessels of war, of which you have already been apprised, are continued with the greatest activity. An important move requiring a formidable military and naval force is certainly on foot. The statement that this armament is intended for St. Domingo may be a mere ruse.

We are, however, most creditably informed that Commodore Stringham, who takes charge of the squadron, sails for St. Domingo.

Having no confidence in the administration, we say, be ever on your guard. Glad to hear that you are ready. The notice promised us will come at the last moment if the fleet be intended for our waters.

CRAWFORD.

ROMAN.

FORSYTH.

