
lar request has been addressed to the Executive of the Confederate States. Asking an early reply to the suggestions above made,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

(Similar letter to the governor of Florida, Tallahassee; the governor of Georgia; governor of Louisiana, Baton Rouge; governor of Texas, Austin; governor of Alabama, Montgomery; governor of Mississippi.)

APRIL 8, 1861.

"I am directed by the President of the United States to notify you to expect an attempt will be made to supply Fort Sumter with provisions only, and that if such attempt be not resisted no effort to throw in men, arms, or ammunition will be made without further notice, or in case of an attack upon the fort."

The above was communicated to us on the evening of April 8 by Robert S. Chew, esq., of the State Department in Washington, and Captain Talbot stated that it was from the President of the United States, as did Mr. Chew, and was delivered to him on the 6th instant at Washington, and this was read in their presence and admitted.

F. W. PICKENS.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, April 9, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

Major Anderson's mails must be stopped. The fort must be completely isolated.

L. P. WALKER.

CHARLESTON, April 9, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

The mails have already been stopped.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 9, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: It is much to be desired that the recruits sent from Baltimore to Charleston should remain with your command and be provided for at present by the arrangements made by Captain Lee, or else by appointing him as acting assistant quartermaster for the troops of the Confederate States under your command, in addition to his present duties, which would involve very little increase of labor on his part, and afford the advantage of placing funds in his hands for disbursement on account of the military service of the Confederate States. If possible you will please make this arrangement, or else select some other competent officer of the army of the Confederate States for the same purpose. It is not deemed necessary at present to furnish the supplies for the full equipment of these recruits.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

