
cable, twenty-five men from your command, under the command of a commissioned officer; this detachment to guard that point during the night and return to you in the morning. You will send the same or an equivalent detachment to the same point every night until further orders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1861.

Captain F. L. CHILDS, Commanding Castle Pinckney, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that in consequence of the difficulty of transporting your command to where it was ordered, you will hold it in readiness to embark this evening, about 7 p. m., on board three steamboats, that are to report to Captain Hartstene for duty in the outer harbor, at the rate of twenty-five men to each steamer, each man to be armed with his musket and take with him forty rounds of ammunition, which will be sent to you. These detachments will be returned in the morning and will hold themselves in readiness for similar duty every night until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1861.

Colonel MAXCY GREGG,

Commanding Morris Island, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

SIR: I have ordered Major Whiting, of the Engineers, to represent to you what I consider the best positions for locating the troops on Morris Island, resulting from his reconnaissances. You will please consult with him freely on the subject, and afford him all the assistance he may require for the construction of the light-house battery, and such other works as may be required for the defense of the south end of said island, and of the strong position at or near Vinegar Hill. Should you have any disposable field pieces you will so locate them as to sweep the flat ground between the latter position and the Light-house Hills. Re-enforcements will continue to be sent to you as fast as practicable, to the extent of one or two regiments more besides the Seventeenth. Should you be attacked before their arrival, you will make a desperate stand on the Light-house Hills and at Vinegar Hill, which are the keys of Morris Island.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

