
be associated with them. Having learned that the Convention of the State has made General Beauregard commander of all the State troops which have been or are likely to be ordered into service in and about Charleston Harbor, I take pleasure in saying I will cheerfully report to that able and distinguished officer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M . L. BONHAM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Division of South Carolina.
HDQRS. PROV. ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. F. W. PICKENS,Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I inclose you herewith the copy of the orders referred to in your letter of this morning. The copy of this day's instructions, relative to the harbor lights, &amp;c., have already been communicated to you.

With regard to your suggestion, relative to the application of Major General Bonham for service under my orders (an application which adds so much to the high reputation of that gallant and distinguished officer), I beg to state that they cannot at present be carried into effect; but, as soon as sufficient force shall have collected on Morris Island or elsewhere to form two brigades thereat, I shall be most happy to accept his proffered services.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, April 11, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD:

DEAR SIR: In corroboration of the information which I am told you have already received, Captain Davenport, of the pilot-boat Palmetto, reports that he saw the Harriet Lane this afternoon, making towards this city with speed, until within about fifteen miles, of the bar, when he distinctly recognized her. He says he has no doubt about her identity, as he knows her well.

I am, dear sir, respectfully yours,

D. F. JAMISON.
HEADQUARTERS, CHARLESTON, S. C., April 11, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your two communications of 8th instant, and note contents. In reply to the suggestion of your Department of "the necessity of calling at once for three thousand volunteers, to be drilled, equipped, and held in instant readiness to meet any requisition from this Department," I have to say the necessary orders have been issued to carry out the same as far as this State is concerned. One regiment, containing twelve companies, will concentrate as soon as practicable at

