
CHARLESTON, April 12, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Heavy firing all day. Several guns dismounted in Sumter. Our batteries all safe. Nobody hurt. Four steamers off the bar. The sea pretty rough.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS., April. 12, 1861-12 noon.

Major W. H. C. WHITTING,Acting Adjutant and Insp. General, Morris Island, S. C.:

MAJOR: It is reported from the lookout on the light house that three steamers are in sight off the bar. One is supposed by the light-house keeper to be the Harriet Lane. The one is in sight from the ill at my camps, and appears different in its build and rig from a merchant steamer. A heavy gun was fired a short time since at sea, probably from this steamers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAXCY GREGG,

Colonel First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

P. S.-The steamer referred to is also reported to have approached the merchant steamer which was off the bar, and has now gone south-ward.

APRIL 12, 1861-afternoon.

The Pawnee, Harriet Lane (certain), and the Baltic (conjectured, from my knowledge of her build) are at anchor close at the North Channel; Illinois (conjectured) at anchor at the main bar. The wind and sea strong from the southeast; heavy surf. Troops are posted for the night. As many more as you can send will be welcome. No casualties whatever. Troops in good spirits. With your re-enforcements send, if possible, crackers and dried beef, or other provisions, in their haversacks. Shells still fire badly, owing to fuses prematurely bursting. The ships may try to send boats in. Already guns are trained and ranged for night firing on the landing. It is doubtful if the ships will try it. They may . If they run past they will have to go to the city. Men fire deliberately.

By order of General Simons:

W. H. C. WHITING,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

FORT PALMETTO, STONE INLET, S. C., April 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the force at this point. From the accounts received from abroad, large military preparations seem to have been made against us. A vigorous diversion of their force may be made at this point, and as your attention is much occupied by the large preparations in Charleston Harbor, I take the liberty of bringing our force here to your notice, that you may increase it if the same is, in your opinion, expedient. We have been occupied all day strengthening our fortifications by the use of sand bags. With some

