
the U. S. Navy, has just communicated with him. He first inquired if Major Anderson had surrendered, to which (as informed by Colonel Wigfall, aide-de-camp) he was answered "Yes; unconditionally." Second, if he could communicate with Fort Moultrie, to which he was answered "No." (He evidently supposed the commanding general was at Moultrie, as he afterwards said.) Third, he asked if he could be permitted to come in, under a flag of truce, and take Major Anderson off. If not, whether he could come in with a merchantman and do same. If not, that whether he could come in with his boats for the purpose. To these inquiries General Simons replied that transportation could be furnished for Major Anderson to the fleet, but that the commanding general was at hand, and could be communicated with at once, with the understanding that no hostile demonstration should be made during the night by the fleet. The lieutenant was informed that you would be furnished with his questions, and he might return for answers to-morrow morning, under a flag of truce. The lieutenant gave his personal guarantee that no hostilities would be attempted, and said he would return in the morning to hear your reply. He informed Major Whiting that their mission was not hostile, but one of peace.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITTING,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, April 113, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

We take possession of Fort Sumter to-morrow morning. I allow him the privilege of saluting his flag. No one killed on our side.

G. T. BEUAREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, April 13, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

Accept my congratulations. You have won your spurs. How many guns can you spare for Pensacola?

L. P. WALKER.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT, SOUTH CAROLINA MILITIA, April 113, 1861.

General D. F. JAMISON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Owing to the absence of Colonel Charles Allston, jr., and being called on by the detachments stationed below this point to complete the cabin of coast guard to the North Carolina line, in view of the emergency of the case (war having actually begun), I have take upon myself to order out one hundred and forty-six men and twelve commissioned officers as follows: From Captain Daggett's company, Waccamaw, Light Artillery, twenty-six men and two officers, stationed as coast guard, from the redoubt at North Island to Murray's Inlet; distance, twenty-five miles. From Captain Ward's company, Watchesaw Riflemen, twenty men and two officers, stationed at the redoubt at Murray's Inlet. From Captain Gillespie's company, Carolina Greys, forty men and three officers, stationed as coast guard, from Murray's Inlet to the redoubt at

