
Little River, North Carolina line; distance, forty miles. From Captain Litchfield's company, All Saints' Riflemen, thirty men and three officers, stationed at the redoubt at Little River. I have also, by request, ordered a detachment of thirty men and two officers from Captain Johnson's company, to take post at the redoubt at the entrance of Santee River, that post being unoccupied. Have also taken possession of thirty muskets for said detachment for ma quantity here in store. Also, a guantity of army stores.

I have detailed Captain Daggett as bearer of this report, who will furnish any further information you may require as to the defense at this point.

All of which is respectfully submitted; and, hoping it may meet your approbation, I am, very respectfully, yours,

W. C. WHITE,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, S. I. AND M. P., Fort Moultrie, S. C., April 13, 1861.

Major D. R. JONES,Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that we have had only two personal casualties in the force under my command, both very slight, and are privates in Company A (Sullivan and Miller). The effect of the enemy's fire upon this fort has been pretty effectually to demolish the quarters and to injure the hot-shot furnace to a certain extent. The effect of the Sumter, enfilade, Dahlgren, floating, and mortar batteries, has been to keep the enemy from his barbette guns. The direct fire has been quite accurate for the distance, several shots having passed through the arches of the second line of casemates, two or three into his lower embrasures, and many grazing the crest of his parapet and penetrating the roof of his quarters. Still, our direct fire is only annoying, and I have directed it to be economized, to look out and keep the man as fresh as possible for the channel fight, which, it is to be presumed, is impending. I note what has been said respecting the hot-shot furnace, and shall endeavor to attend to it, although it has three shot-holes in it, which has already rendered one bar inefficient. I have directed Captain Hamilton, and the floating battery especially, to be economical with their ammunition, and have to request that the letter be supplied with one hundred rounds of shell and one hundred cartridges, with appurtenances, by boat this evening from the city. All our 9-inch and 80 inch shells are defective, and Captain Hamilton has filled several with rice to use them as solid shot. It would be well to have the floating battery supplied also, if possible, with 42 and 32 pounder ammunition, as it will be especially effective in keeping out re-enforcements.

I also have to suggest that Captain Martin be supplied with one hundred and fifty shell and ammunition, with authority to practice as much as he pleases until he gets his shell in. All the mortar practice is wild, owing to the range and the effect of the wind. As I am sorely pressed for time, I have respectfully to request that such requisitions as are approved may be ordered from headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Artillery, Commanding.

