
lance without such a force as would render a coup de main impossible. The men behaved very well and kept well on the alert. I visited the whole line night (after midnight) and found everything quiet; but you are aware that this cannot last over such a long line of defenses, with an uncertainty as to the the point of attack. Opinions differ as to whether anything go into Sumter last night. There may or may not. The night was dark, and occasionally stormy, and a heavy sea running. If anything did, it could not have been very extensive. Perhaps they desire to lay off, and send in one boat at a time or once a night. This is the most feasible plan, and that which I most fear. If it is in your power I beg you to come here for myself personally. I am nearly broken down for want of rest. The gentlemen you sent are very efficient. Quartermaster Hatch should send down tents for the general and his staff. We are without accommodations, and are temporarily in the hospital, which we may at any time be compelled to leave.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING.

[Indorsement.]

I hardly think the additional one thousand men could act on that island, and he ought to order the men to sleep in daylight and enforce it.

F. W. P.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJ'T AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S

Numbers 3. OFFICE, Montgomery, Ala., April 13, 1861.

In honor of the occasion, officially announced, that the United States colors have been hauled down at Fort Sumter and replaced by the white flag, a salute of fifteen guns will be fired in front of the Department this day at two o'clock.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, April 14, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

I have possession of Sumter. Anderson and garrison on Isabel going in morning. None killed; two wounded. Quarters in ruins. Interior of fort damaged. Armament still effective against entrance to channel.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 14, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I beg an immediate answer, by the bearer, to this. Captain Lee, Corps of Engineers, has preferred to me a claim to "the honor of being sent ot Sumter this morning." The very faithful, skillful, and laborious duties performed here for three months continuously by Captain Lee entitle him to his distinction, if he so considers it. As the Chief Engineer of the Confederate Army, and charged

