
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Jesse L. Reno, U. S. Ordnance Department, of the seizure of Mount Vernon Arsenal.

MOUNT VERNON ARSENAL, January 4, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that this arsenal was taken possession of by four companies of volunteers for Mobile at daylight this morning. I did not make, nor could I have made, any resistance, as they had scaled the walls and taken possession before I knew anything about the movement.

The governor has demanded all the public property, and his men now have entire possession of the arsenal.

I telegraphed to you to-day for orders as to what disposition is to be made of the enlisted men and of myself. If, unfortunately, my telegram should not be answered, I will wait here a few days in hopes of hearing from you; but in the event the mails should be stopped, I will discharge all those that desire it, and bring the others with me to Washington.

The men have not be paid, and I fear that now there is no prospect of it at present.

I shall probably leave here by the 11th instant, unless I should receive other orders. As it was impossible for me to hold this place with my seventeen men, I trust that the Department will not hold me responsible for this unexpected catastrophe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Captain, Ordnance.

Captain WM. MAYNADIER,

Ordnance Office.

Numbers 3. Report of Ordnance Sergeant S. Patterson, U. S. Army, of the seizure of Fort Morgan.

MOBILE, January 5, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I have been superseded by Colonel Todd, of the Militia of Alabama, and he took and receipted for all the property belonging to the Ordnance Department and fort.

I wait for orders from the Adjutant-General.

I am, very respectfully,

S. PATTERSON,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Numbers 4. Letter from the United States.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, Ala., January 4 [?], 1861.

To his Excellency JAMES BUCHANAN,

President of the Union States:

SIR: In a spirit of frankness I hasten to inform you the letter that by my order Fort Morgan and Fort Gaines, and the United States Arsenal

