
Numbers 4.-Captain John M. Brannan, First U. S. Artillery, in reference to occupation of Forty Taylor, Key West.

Numbers 5.-Bvt. Major L. G. Arnold, Second U. S. Artillery, of occupation of Fort Jefferson, Tortugas.

Numbers 6.-Captain E. Yuell, assistant commissary subsistence, C. S. Army, of the destruction of the Alvarado by the U. S. steamer Vincennes.

Numbers 1. Reports of Ordnance Sergeant E. Powell, U. S. Army, of the seizure of U. S. Arsenal at Apalachicola.

CHATTAHOOCHEE, January 6, 1861.

The arsenal has been taken possession of by the State this morning, 7 o'clock. My forces too weak to defend it. I have refused keys of magazine and armory. Answer, with instructions.

E. POWELL,

U. S. Arsenal.

Captain MAYNADIER,

Chief Ordnance Department.

U. S. ARSENAL, CHATTAHOOCHEE, FLA., January 6, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of the order given to Colonel Dunn, the commander of the troops which took possession of this arsenal. I telegraphed this morning to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. POWELL,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Captain W. MAYNADIER,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF FLORIDA, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Tallahassee, January 5, 1861.

SIR: Reposing special confidence in your patriotism, discretion, and integrity, I hereby authorize and empower you to raise a company of picked men and proceed to the Apalachicola River and seize and possess the arsenal, arms, ammunition, stores, buildings, and other property now in the possession of the General Government, and retain the same subject to my orders. You are requested to act with secrecy and discretion. You are further authorized to call out the Seventh Regiment Florida Militia for all aid in its power to render that you may deem necessary to retain occupation of said arsenal.

M. S. PERRY.

By the governor State Florida:

T. S. VILLEPIGUE,

Secretary of State.

QUINCY, FLA., January 6, 1861.

SIR: I beg leave to state that I telegraphed this morning from Chattahoochee, and finding that I could get no answer, I came to this place and thought probably I might get an answer from you by writing from here. I informed you that the Florida troops had taken possession of the arsenal, and my force being so weak I was unable to offer any resist-

