
ance. I mailed a copy of the governor's order, &amp;c., this morning at Chattahoochee, but finding that it would not be forwarded on account of the excitement-they have taken all the public property in spite of all I could do-I refused giving up the keys, but the governor telegraphed to the commanding officer to insist on the delivery of the same, and I was compelled to give them up. I would be pleased to receive advice as to what disposition I shall make of myself and men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. POWELL,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Captain W. MAYNADIER,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Ordnance Sergeant Henry Douglas, U. S. Army, of the seizure of Fort Marion, Saint Augustine.

SAINT AUGUSTINE, EAST FLORIDA, January 7, 1861.

SIR: I am obliged to perform what is to me a painful duty, viz, to report to the Chief of Ordnance that all the military stores at this place were seized this morning by the order of the governor of the State of Florida. A company of volunteer soldiers marched to the barracks and took possession of me, and demanded peaceable possession of the keys of the fort and magazine. I demanded them to show me their authority. An aide-de-camp of the governor showed me his letter of instructions authorizing him to seize the property, and directing him to use what force might be necessary.

Upon reflection I decided that the only alternative for me was to deliver the keys, under protest, and demand a receipt for the property. One thing certain, with the exception of the guns composing the armament of the water battery, the property seized is of no great value. The gentleman acting under the governor's instructions has promised to receipt to me for the stores.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DOUGLAS,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance Department, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Adam J. Slemmer, First U. S. Artillery, of the transfer of his command from Barrancas Barracks to Fort Pickens, and subsequent events (to February 5, 1861) in Pensacola Harbor.

BARRANCAS BARRACKS, FLA., January 8, 1861.

SIR: There are rumors that the citizens of Florida and Alabama intend taking possession of the fortifications in this harbor. They have already taken those at Mobile and Savannah. I am stationed with one company (G, First Artillery) at Barrancas Barracks, having also Fort

