HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, January 4, 1861.

SIR: It is the direction of the General-in-Chief that you transfer the whole of your company to Fort Taylor. Be on your guard against surprise or assault, and do the commander of any United States man-of war in the harbor, and invite his co-operation. Such commander will probably have received orders (if they can be got to him) to act in concert with you.

Major Arnold with his company is ordered from Boston, to proceed by steamer, if possible to garrison Fort Jefferson. There is some apprehension that an expedition is fitting out in Charleston to take one or both of the forts, Taylor and Jefferson. It is hoped that Captain Hunt may, which his workmen, be able to give you some assistance in defending yourself. If necessary for that purpose you may take one or two boxes of the muskets shipped in the Walker With intended for Captain Meigs.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. W. LAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and A. D. C.

Captain John M. BRANNAN,

First Artillery, Commanding Key West Barracks, Fla.

FORT TAYLOR, KEY WEST, FLA., February 6, 1861.

SIR: Nothing has occurred at Key West since my last communication to disturb my relations with its citizens. It is very doubtful now if any attempt will be made upon this fort. I have transferred seven more 8-inch columbiads to Major Arnold, which will give him additional strength if ammunition is furnished him by the Ordnance Department. My powder is very bad; also friction tubes. A supply should be sent here immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Captain, First Artillery, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army, Washington City, D. C.

Numbers 5. Reports of Bvt. Major Lewis G. Arnold, Second U. S. Artillery, of the occupation of Fort Jefferson, Tortugas.

HEADQUARTERS FORT INDEPENDENCE, January 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I embark with my command this afternoon on board the steamer Joseph Whitney for Fort Jefferson, Fla. Orders of the General-in-Chief by telegraph. Strength of command, four commissioned officers and sixty-two enlisted men.

Names of officers: Bvt. Major L. G. Arnold, commanding; Surg. A.

