
Morris Islands. The venerable and gallant Edmund Ruffin, of Virginia, was at the Iron battery, and fired many guns, undergoing every fatigue and sharing the hardships at the battery with the youngest of the Palmettoes. To my regular staff, Major Jones, C. S. A.; Captains Lee and Ferguson, South Carolina Army, and Lieutenant Legare, South Carolina Army, and volunteer staff, Messrs. Chisolm, Wigfall, Chesnut, Manning, Miles, Gonzales, and Pryor, I am much indebted for their indefatigable and valuable assistance night and day during the attack on Fort Sumter, transmitting in open boats my orders when called upon with alacrity and cheerfulness to the different batteries amidst falling balls and bursting shells, Captain Wigfall being the first in Sumter to receive the surrender.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY, C. S.,Charleston, S. C., May 1, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to send you by the bearer, Captain S. W. Ferguson, South Carolina Regulars, my regular aide, and Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Chisolm (aide to Governor Pickens), one of my volunteer aides, the flag which waved on Fort Moultrie during the bombardment of Fort Sumter and was thrice cut by the enemy's balls. Being the first Confederate flag thus baptized, I have thought it worth sending to the War Department for preservation. I should have brought it on myself, but my present indisposition will prevent me from leaving here for a day or two.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General R. G. M. Dunovant, South Carolina Army, of operations against Fort Sumter.
HEADQUARTERS, SOUTH CAROLINA ARMY,Sullivan's Island, April 21, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on Tuesday morning, April 9, in obedience to orders from your headquarters, I came down to Sullivan's Island attended by the following members of my staff: Major N. G. Evans, S. C. A., adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Warren Adams, S. C. A., and Second Lieutenant Robert Pringle, S. C. A., aides-de-camp; Major W. D. De Saussure and Captain J. D. Bruns, special aides-de-camp.

Information having been received which led us to expect a determined effort on the part of the United States Government to re-enforce Fort Sumter, I at once made all the necessary preparations to prevent if possible, the success of this attempt. The batteries in process of erection at the eastern extremity of the island were rapidly pushed to completion. Colonel Pettigrew had already taken precautions against

