
musket, to be used in defense of Fort Jefferson if you can find hand to use them. Major Arnold eighth his company will probably sail from Boston on the 7th instant to garrison your work. In the mean time it is quite possible that some attempt may be made to seize the fort by an expedition sailing from Charleston, say in the Isabel, and secessionists from Florida. All that it is possible for you to do without troops we know will be performed.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

SENATE CHAMBER, January 7, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: We addressed a letter to your Department a week past, asking certain information interesting to be known to us in connection with our public duty, and not having received a reply we beg leave to call your attention to it, and to ask early an answer as may be convenient to you.

Respectfully yours,

D. L. YULEE.

S. R. MALLORY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 9, 1861.

Hons. D. L. YULEE and S. R. MALLORY:

GENTLEMEN: In reply to your note of the 2nd instant I have the honor to state that the interests of the service forbid that the information which you ask should at this moment be made public.

Very, &amp;c.,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War ad interim.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 21, 1861.

Bvt. Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Second Artillery, Commanding Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that you embark, after arrangements with the commander of the sloop-of-war Brooklyn, one company of the First Artillery with at least three officers, with arms, a good supply of ammunition, and as much subsistence, not exceeding four months' supply, as the Brooklyn may be willing to receive. Fill up the company to the maximum standard by transfer. Some spare arms should go with it. Issue, or if there be time purchase and ship, a good supply the name of the captain designated by you. They are not to be opened until he is at sea.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Put on board, if possible, sic field howitzers with their carriages and equipments and one hundred rounds of ammunition.

L. T.

