
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 21, 1861.

[Captain ISRAEL VOGDES,]

First Artillery, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: Your are designated to embark with your company on board the sloop-of-war Brooklyn to re-enforce Fort Pickens, of which you will become the commander as well as of other forts and barracks which it may be in your power to occupy and defend with the co-operation of any naval commander or commanders at hand, although it is understood that Fort Barrancas and probably Fort McRee are already in the hands of the seceders. It is probable that the Brooklyn may be obliged to land you be beyond the protection of its guns if the debarkation should be opposed. Of course, the company will be first landed to cover the supplies which are intended for the fort. The Brooklyn will touch at Key West. Deliver the accompanying letter to Captain Brannasn, and desire him to communicate freely with Major Arnold, who sailed eight days ago from Boston to occupy Fort Jefferson, giving him intelligence of your movement, and the intention to re-enforce both Forts Taylor and Jefferson with a company each, hoping and believing that the latter is in the possession of the major.

The General-in-Chief, by whose direction I write, has every confidence in the zeal and ability of the officers of the First Artillery.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-You are to understand that you are not to attempt any reoccupation or recapture involving hostile collision, but that you are to confine yourself strictly to the defensive.

L. T.

P. S.-The guns, &amp;c., if it has been found possible to ghat any on board, are intended for Fort Jefferson.

L. THOMAS.
HEADQUARTERS FORT MONROE, VA.,January 25, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters of the Army, New York City:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, Captain Vogdes' company (A, First Artillery) left this post yesterday between 4 and 5 o'clock p. m. to embark on board the U. S. sloop-of-war Brooklyn. A return of Captain Vogdes' command is herewith transmitted. I also inclose copies of orders issued by me relative to Captain Vogdes' movement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. DIMICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Second Artillery, and Bvt. Colonel, Commanding Post.

