
ORDERS Numbers 13, HEADQUARTERS FORT MONROE, VA.,

Extract. January 22, 1861.

In compliance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, Captain I. Vogdes, First Artillery, will embark with his company (A, First Artillery), filled to maximum by attached men from the other companies of this post, on board the sloop-of-war Brooklyn, as soon as the commanding officer of that ship reports himself in readiness to receive him. The following number of privates will be detailed from the companies at the post, to be attached to Captain Vogdes' company, viz: From Company C, First Artillery, 5; from Company B, Second Artillery, 6; from Company L, Second Artillery, 6; from Company F, Third Artillery, 6; form Company K, Third Artillery, 5; from Company D, Fourth Artillery, 6; from Company L, Fourth Artillery, 6.

The assistant commissary will furnish this command with three months' provisions, it being all that can be transported on the Brooklyn. Fifteen thousand rounds of musket-ball cartridges will be issued. Four mountain howitzers and two 12-pounder field howitzers will be taken, with such a supply of ammunition, not to exceed one hundred rounds for each gun, as can be supplied from this post and arsenal.

Bvt. Second Lieutenant Whittemore, Second Artillery, will proceed with the command.

Sealed orders received from the General-in-Chief have been furnished Captain Vogdes, to be opened when at sea.

By order of Colonel Dimick:

T. J. HAINES, Adjutant.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 23, 1861.

Honorable J. HOLT, Secretary of War:

SIR: I proceeded to Pensacola, Fla., pursuant to orders received from the General-in-Chief, with dispatches to Commodore Armstrong, U. S. Navy, commanding the navy-yard at that place, and agreeably to your request submit the following statement respectfully to your notice:

On my arrival at Pensacola I, as soon as the light of day would permit, went to the beach (having learned on the cars when about twenty miles from the city that the yard had been surrendered, and that two vessels-the Wayandotte and Supply-of the U. S. Navy, were in the harbor) to make a signal to Captain Berryman, of the Wayandotte, in order to place in his hands the dispatches intended for Commodore Armstrong, the latter being a prisoner of war. I there frond no sign of a naval vessel, and learned that they were distant some seven miles. I then returned to the hotel, and after having arrived on the porch, where I had been only a few minutes, I was arrested by two persons, who said they were authorized by colonel Chase to arrest me. They carried me to the latter's house, where I was brought before the colonel, in the presence of some six or eight persons, and requested, or rather demanded, to surrender my dispatches, which I refused to do, as my dispatches were for Commodore Armstrong. Colonel Chase then said he would allow me to deliver them to Commodore Armstrong in the presence of Captain Randolph, then in charge of the navy-yard for the State of Florida. I proceeded to the yard in company with three troopers belonging to the State troops, and saw the commodore, who received my dispatches sealed, and they, still sealed, were demanded from him

23 R R

