
mortar batteries. At all these posts the energy and spirit displayed alike by officers and men could not be surpassed, I believe, by any troops in the world. The enfilade, Dahlgren, and floating batteries had also a prominent place in the picture, but I must again refer to the reports of the officers commanding these batteries.

I am pleased to mention that Ex-Governor J. L. Manning, Honorable W. P. Miles, and Captain Samuel Ferguson, S. C. A., aides-de-camp to Brigadier-General Beauregard, brought orders to me from the brigadier-general commanding during the hottest of the fire. Major De Saussure of my staff, carried information for the Ordnance Department in regard to the short supply of Dahlgren shells under a brisk fire.

As soon as the white flag was displayed from Fort Sumter on the 13th I sent Captain Hartstene, C. S. N., Captain Calhoun, S. C. A., and Surgeon Lynch, C. S. N., to ascertain whether Major Anderson had surrendered. These officers reported on their return that they had been preceded by some members of your staff.

For the details of this action, which has terminated so happily for the glory of our arms and for the honor to safety of South Carolina, I would respectfully refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley, and to the reports of the officers under his immediate command.

R. G. M. DUNOVANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding South Carolina Army.

Major D. R. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General James Simons of operations against Fort Sumter.

HEADQUARTERS, MORRIS ISLAND, April 23, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to inform you that the report of Lieutenant-Colonel De Saussure, commanding the battalion of artillery, with the reports of commanders of batteries at this post of the late action of the 12th and 13th instant with Fort Sumter, have this moment been handed to me, and as you are already apprised of my communication of yesterday to Assist. Adjt. General D. R. Jones, this will furnish the reason for my delaying the present address. I have little to add to the minute and circumstantial detail which has been so carefully and minutely furnished by these officers. I add my confirmation to the commendation of the coolness, perseverance and steady zeal of all those who were actively engaged in the action to whom particular as well as general reference has been made in those reports.

The firing commenced on the signal designated in your General Orders Numbers 14, section 4, of date the 11th instant, and conformed substantially to the requisitions of General Orders Numbers 9, of date the 6th instant, both as regards the objects, and the times and the intervals of firing, and the only departure from the rigid compliance with those orders was done by my orders at 11.10 a.m. on the 13th instant, by which, through Colonel Wigfall, whom you had sent to me as a special aid the night before the engagement, I authorized battery commanders to increase the frequency of their fire, but with express directions that the fire should not be so frequent as to waste ammunition. This was continued until 1.30 p.m., when the flag of Fort Sumter fell, but whether by fire or by a ball from our batteries did not then appear. It was certain the colors were not

