
Wyandotte, send boats to the nearest landing-place. Captain Barry says his horses are strong enough to be used.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Captain of Engineers.

P. S.-I will bring mattresses for the carpenters from the boat. They should be encamped and kept in good humor. They are more valuable than soldiers just now.

U. S. STEAMSHIP POWHATAN, OFF PENSACOLA,

April 18, 1861.

Colonel H. BROWN, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Pickens, Florida:

DEAR SIR: In looking carefully over the orders of the President in relation to my entering the harbor, I find them so imperative that they leave no margin for any contingency that may arise. Your letter to Captain Meigs, of the 13th, requesting me not to who in and draw the fire on you before you had time to prepare, is quite sufficient to satisfy me that any such course on my part would be very indiscreet, but, to satisfy the authorities in Washington, I would be obliged to you if you would address me a little more fully on the subject, and stare as near as you can your actual condition, and the time required to make up deficiencies. If you think that in two days' time you will be ready for me to make the attempt, please notify me, for after that time I shall have to run the gauntlet by moonlight, which would no doubt be a good time for an exhibition, but darkness would suit better for a piece of strategy. I know that Ia m here to give you aid and comfort, and keep any of the enemy from crossing over in boats on the inside, but while I will do all I can in the way of aid, I cannot do much in cutting off boats where I now am. Will you please make such suggestions as your good sense will dictate, and I will endeavor to follow them as near as I can.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

U. S. Navy.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., April 19, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: I would respectfully recommend that a mail may be made up in the quartermaster's office in New York for this place, and be sent from thence by way of Havana. Also, I would suggest the propriety of transferring the post-office at Warrington to this place. That post-office was intended principally to supply the wants of the Army and Navy, and those employed by the War and Navy Departments. The post-office in now in the hands of the seceders, and all communications pass through their hands. General Bragg has issued an order that all mail matter for the fleet and Army should be sent to the commander (seceder) at the Pensacola navy-yard, and letters from the fleet or Army should pass in the same way. It certainly was not intended that the facilities of the mail should be provided for the enemies of the country, or that the officers of the service should be subjected to the mortification of submitting to receive their letters in thais humiliating way.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Major, Second Artillery, Brevet Colonel, Commanding.

