
On the night of the 12th instant, Captain Adams having received instructions from the Navy Department, Captain Vogdes landed with his company and the marines from the vessels, and relieved me from the command of the post. On the morning of the 11th instant I sent Ordnance Sergeant Broady on board the frigate Sabine, as I deemed it very unsafe to keep him in the fort, even if a good man, subject to the seductive influences I knew to be at work upon him. On the morning of the 13th instant a private of my company, G, First Artillery, Owen McGarr, came to me and made the following statement:

I was on picket guard last night. During the night I saw a small boat approach the beach. I stepped back to see what it was about, when a man came before me. I brought my musket to a charge and ordered him to halt. He said, "Don't shoot; I am a friend." He then began to talk to me and ask about the fort. While he was talking three others came up behind me. They asked me many questions, asking me about the number of men, &amp;c., about the flank defense, whether the guns could not be spiked, &c. Said they would give any man plenty of money if he would only spiked the flank defense guns. Asked when I would be on picket guard again. I told them on Monday night. They said, "We will be over and ready." As they were going away one said to me, "How are you off for money in the fort?" I said, "We have not been paid for six months." He then put a roll of bills in my hand and said, "Give that to them."

He then gave me a roll of bills, in amount sixty dollars. I have it now in my possession. There are evidences that the intention was to bribe my men to spike the flank defense and thus obtain possession of the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. SLEMMER,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery.

U. S. STEAMSHIP ATLANTIC,

Off Santa Rosa, April 20, 1861.

Colonel H. BROWN, Commanding Department of Florida, Fort Pickens:

SIR: Captain Gray says that orders from owners are to obey your orders, and to move from anchorage only on written orders; in fact, to have written orders for every movement. He desires to have from you written directions as to his proceedings hereafter. Much done has been by written orders from me, which he obeyed, and which I understood you to authorize me to give. He desires also a certificate from you to show his owners and all others that he has done his duty faithfully, and on my own part I do not see how any man could do more than he has. His zeal, activity, and readiness have been all that we could desire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS STATIONED AT KEY WEST,Fort Taylor, April 20, 1861.

Major L. G. ARNOLD, Commanding Fort Jefferson, Tortugas:

MAJOR: In order to further the views contained in your letter of the 1st instant, received to-day, I have been with Lieutenant Morton, Engineer Corps, to the town of Key West, for the purpose of giving my personal guarantee that any negroes he may be able to engage for labor at your post will not be removed therefrom for any purpose whatever without the consent of their owners, and I further offered to obtain yours to

