
U. S. FRIGATE SABINE,

Off Pensacola, April 26, 1861.

ORDER:

Colonel Brown thinks it probable that an attempt may be made by General Bragg to land forces on Santa Rosa Island with a view of making approaches by land against Fort Pickens, in which case he asks the co-operation of the squadron to prevent it. You will therefore have as many men ready to land as can be spared with safety to your ship. The signal of danger will be two rockets thrown up from the fort, which are to be answered by the ships. On seeing this signal you will immediately have your boats manned and armed for service. A detachment of soldiers will leave the fort at the same time, and march along the beach on the sea side toward the ships, displaying two red lights. They will from near the beach, opposite the ships, to cover the landing of the seamen. Their position being known by the red lights, the boats will land as near them as possible, and the men formed to unite with the soldiers in executing whatever orders are given by the commanding officer.

H. A. ADAMS,

Captain, U. S. Navy, Senior Officer Present.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, May 2, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have heretofore addressed my official communications to Colonel Keyes, because he, as the agent of the President as well as military secretary of the General-in-Chief, superintended the fitting out of the expedition for the relief of the fort, which expedition was then a secret one. The reasons for secrecy no longer existing, I address my letter, according to regulations, to you. Since my last letter to Colonel Keyes nothing of special interest has occurred. We have been unceasingly employed with my whole force and part of the ship's in preparing the fort for defense may be had when it is considered that every day (one Sunday excepted) since the 17th of April, the day of my arrival, I have had dorm 1,000 to 1,200 men constantly at work, and of these, 800 have been employed on the work; and although we have achieved quite as much as I expected, we want a fortnight more of work before we shall be fully prepared to resist the numerous batteries and heavy guns that are bearing all around on us. The enemy are equally busy, having large numbers at work on several batteries which are visible to us, and judging by the number of men we see around one or two other places, I think that they have at least two other batteries we cannot see. All the guns excepting those of the forts seem of large caliber,

8 or 10 inch columbiads.

We can see one battery (Numbers 1) at the navy-yard; one (Numbers 2) in the rear of Warrington church-a large work, looking like an instruction camp; Numbers 3, near the barracks-no guns can be seen in it; a little southwest of the fort, and near the old light-house, a battery (Numbers 4) of four guns, very much concealed; and south of the new light-house another (Numbers 5) of four guns, plainly to be seen. There is probably one more between this and Fort McRee. These batteries and the forts enfilade and take in reverse every face and curtain of this work but one.

