
Union-loving citizens, besides others whose interests are compromised by the acts of secessionists.

There will be no difficulty hereafter in procuring coal or other ships' requirements. All will be supplied upon the usual terms.

The U. S. consul, Mr. Shufeldt, at Havana writes to me that he has funds for the purchase of coal, but that none is at present to be had there. Should any arrive later he will purchase and ship it to this place.

Judge Marvin has not resigned. The district attorney, marshal, and clerk are performing all duties which do not require a jury. There is no grand jury, therefore no presentments. In consequence, it has devolved upon me to use my own judgment in the summary processes I have previously mentioned, and afterwards received the approval and support of Judge Marvin and Mr. Boynton, district attorney.

Lieutenant Commanding Craven, U. S. Navy, has put the harbor under blockade. I inclose a copy of his order.*

No State court has been held here. I doubt whether it will be. The instructions of the colonel commanding will be strictly observed.

The inclosed number of the New Orleans Picayune (May 3),* sent to me by the consul at Havana, shows that no troops can be relied on as coming from Indianola, Tex. This unparalleled act of treachery, violating the stipulations made by their own convention to assist the troops to evacuate the territory, gives no hope from that quarter. The ordnance and stores required, I regret, are not here, except a few 10-inch shells. I have directed one hundred with sabots and straps to be sent. This fort is daily growing in strength. The barbette guns on the face fronting the town are all in position. I am proud to say that the officers and men are in a high state of discipline and subordination, and, although another soldier might never come, I doubt whether even a lodgment could be made on the island.

We have had a fine rain, replenishing the tanks. Nearly three months' water is on hand, independent of the wells at the head of the bridge. The health of the command is very good.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, Commanding.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, May 13, 1861.

Bvt. Major W. H. FRENCH, Commanding Fort Taylor, Key West:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding entirely disapproves your action in sending Ordnance Sergeant Flynn away from your post without his authority. The fact that he was not ordered to Washington, nor to any other place except your post, was proof in itself that it was neither the colonel's intention nor desire that he should go anywhere else, because if so the order would have been issued from these headquarters. The colonel considers that in this case you have not only exceeded the limits of your authority, but hat you have no excuse for so doing, as there was both time and opportunity for communicating with him. The matter did not demand immediately attention and no interest of the service was in the slightest degree injured to delay.

The colonel commanding directs that hereafter you will in no case, except when the necessities of the service can be shown to be absolutely

---------------

*Not republished.

---------------

