
imperative, assume the responsibility of ordering men under your command out of the department without his authority.

As the colonel has only our own letters and not the replies nor the special reasons for your action, he cannot judge of the immediate necessity for suspending the writ of habeas corpus, but having the approval of Judge Marvin and of the district attorney, it has his. He desires that you send here all the papers in the case.

The island being under martial law, all its citizens must acknowledge allegiance to the Government. While the colonel wishes you to be perfectly firm and decided in upholding the laws and suppressing rebellion, he desires that it may be done in a spirit of kindness and conciliation, so that if possible they may be led from error rather then be driven into it be an undue exercise of authority. If, however, any prove incorrigible and refuse allegiance to the Government, they must be sent from the island immediately, without respect of persons.

The colonel does not approve of any removal of troops to Tampa or elsewhere from Key West, nor will any be made unless in case of extreme urgency. Key West is of paramount importance, and must not be weakened for any contingent service; neither does he think it at all expedient for the Crusader to leave Key West for any such purpose. He intends to address Captain Adams on the subject.

The colonel is much gratified to learn the falsity of the report that a secession flag was permitted to fly from the court-house. He commends your zeal, and is pleased to learn of the soundness of your officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. FRIGATE SABINE,

Off Pensacola, May 14, 1861.

Colonel H. BROWN,

Commanding Department of Florida, Fort Pickens:

COLONEL: Yesterday I gave General Bragg official notice of the blockade of Pensacola Harbor, in order that the foreign ships lying there might be made fully aware of it. I inclose you a copy of a communication from him in reply, which I have just received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ADAMS,

Captain, Senior Officer Present.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS OF CONFEDERATE STATES,Near Pensacola, May 14, 1861.

Captain H. A. ADAMS,

Senior U. S. Naval Officer, off Pensacola:

SIR: Your communication of yesterday's date, announcing to me an act of aggressive war on the part of your Government by the blockade of this port, I accept as such, and consider it a virtual acknowledgment of our national existence and independence.

You will please to consider the harbor as closed against all boats and vessels of the United States, as I shall permit none to enter except your dispatch-boat under a white flag.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

