
[Inclosure F.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS CONFEDERATE STATES,Near Pensacola, Fla., May 22, 1861.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN, Commanding U. S. Forces, Fort Pickens, Fla."

SIR: Your communication of this date announced your intention to "act on the offensive whenever the honor and interests of your country, in your judgment, require it." To any action you may take I shall respond with alacrity. Having voluntarily pledged yourself "act on the defensive, unless assailed," I am no little surprised at your complaint that I, who acted under no such pledge, have been "constantly hostilely engaged in erecting batteries against your fort," when you have been all the while, under my daily observation, doing precisely the same thing against my position. The merits of the controversy between our respective governments I choose not to discuss with you. Impartial history will decide that question for us; but I must insist on the propriety and necessity of your observing those courtesies of style and language which I have a right to expect from one holding your high position, in any future communications addressed to these headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure G.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, May 22, 1861-2 p. m.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Troops in Florida:

SIR: It being impossible for me to know the character of the vessel now under my guns, or the object for which she is placed there, or of here removal from there, I can only consider here as designed to act in some manner against this fort or the shipping off this harbor. I have therefore to notify you that any attempt to remove or to occupy her will be considered and act of hostility, which I shall resist with what means I possess, unless I shall receive a satisfactory explanation.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure H.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS CONFEDERATE STATES,Near Pensacola, Fla., May 22, 1861.

Colonel H. BROWN, Commanding U. S. Troops, &amp;c., Fort Pickens:

SIR: Your second communication of this date is received, and I am surprised at the excitement which has been caused by the accidental position of the dry-dock from the navy-yard, without troops or armament. I cannot see how it could be regarded in any hostile light, and I had intended removing it as soon as my means and the wind and tide would allow.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

