
On Sunday Judge McQueen McIntosh arrived, preparatory to the opening of his court under his Confederate States commission. He was waited upon by men of his own party, who represented the precise state of affairs on the island; that everything was going on peaceably and quietly; that his authority would not be recognized by myself, and that if he attempted to exercise his office it would unnecessarily produce difficulties and excitement.

On yesterday Judge McIntosh called upon Judge Marvin at his office. Judge Marvin has informed me that the result of the interview was perfectly satisfactory. Judge McIntosh was strongly impressed with the uselessness of attempting to assert the Confederate States sovereignty here. He was informed how secure the persons and property were on this island, and that the inhabitants preferred to be allowed to remain as they were. Allusion was made to the military officers, and the manner of their obeying the instructions of the Government, which had given general satisfaction. Judge McIntosh decided to return, and at the request of Judge Marvin I requested Captain Craven to allow him and his friends to leave the island without applying to me for a permit to do so, there being an order prohibiting non-residents going or coming without my authority, published since the judge came.

Judge Marvin in his conversation with me, in the presence of others, stated in an impressive manner that he fully and highly approved of every act I had performed since taking the command, with other matters relevant thereto, which it would become some one other than myself to bring to notice.

On yesterday I issued an order prohibiting the collecting of taxes, levies, or assessments, by any one acting under the authority of the State of Florida.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army.

Judge McIntosh had not intended coming here, but was positively directed to do so by the government of Montgomery.

It is important, in order to understand the change of feeling brought about here, that I should state there has been organized on the island a volunteer company of seventy-five citizens, who propose visiting the fort on Saturday to report to me. At their request I gave them a flag to display on the occasion. Seventy of the white laborers and employes on the fort have also volunteered. For these, arms, &amp;c., will have to be procured.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS AT KEY WEST,May 20, 1861.

Captain GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Department of Florida:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of May 13. Inclosed is a report made to me by the acting ordnance officer, upon which was based my sending away from the island Ordnance Sergeant Flynn. Lieutenant Closson also made the report indorsed by him. Lieutenant Webber, at the time alluded to, stated that the ammunition in the magazines had been tampered with, and about two hundred 42-pounder cartridges made unserviceable. This, in connection with his intimately with a man named Crusoe, a notoriously designing and dangerous man (he leaves the island to-day), determined me to get rid of him, as I did, or otherwise he would have been hung on the spot, should his treason (suspected) have developed itself by an attack.

