
not officers and men sufficient to efficiently and with vigor carry them on; second, that they will at this time be followed by no decisive results, as if entirely successful I cannot pursue the advantage; third, that whatever be the result, he can and probably will claim a victory, as the bombardment will not be followed be exterior movements; fourth, that the destruction of the navy-yard and its appurtenances, which would be inevitable, and, indeed, the great object of attack, may not in view of future operations by desired by the Government; fifth, that I am within eight days of headquarters, and if offensive operations were desired I would be so instructed. It is proper I should in candor state that I do not consider the instructions obligatory, circumstances since having so altered, and that I had fully determined and made the necessary arrangements to open fire on the enemy when ready, my intention being frustrated by the removal of the two companies; that I sent for another artillery company from Tortugas with a view to this object, but that in consideration of the great personal advantages I might if successful derive and which may bias my judgment, and that I have seen in a newspaper that I am to be relieved, I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that it is my duty to act strictly on the defensive until the pleasure of the Government be known, and which I respectfully now solicit.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Brevet Major, Commanding.

FORT PICKENS, July 11, 1861.

General THOMAS:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received to-day your order taking from me at one fell swoop all my staff. A few weeks since Barry's and Hunt's companies were taken from me, and a regiment of raw, undrilled recruits from the purlieus of New York sent me as a substitute. To-day Chalfin brings me an order for him to go, and this evening Mr. McCreery writes me a note, stating that Captain Allen had officially notified him that he was dropped, and declining to serve any longer. So I am left in the most important post in the Union with an entirely adequate command. If there was a designed purpose to sacrifice me I could not be worse treated. it is true there is no present prospect of collision, as Bragg don't want to and I cannot fight; but accident, the design or imprudence of an individual, may at any moment bring on a battle, and I shall have to fight it under every possible disadvantage; so that if I escape disgrace I shall be fortunate. I declare to you that I have not at this moment really one-half as many officers as are absolutely necessary and not much more than half enough men for a vigorous and severe bombardment, as this will be if it comes off. I have passed three months of continued excessive anxiety and care, for no one can know the difficulty of my position since I have been here or the totally defenseless state of this fort when I came here but those who were with me. And just as I began to see the break of day and was making arrangements to fulfill what I believed to be the expectations of the country by attacking the rebels, I am suddenly stopped by the removal of two of the best companies and nine of my officers. When exerting myself to recover from this blow by bringing Dawson's company here, I not only found them without officers, but at the same time I am again smitten by an order for the removal of all my staff, leaving me with only two officers at Bat-

