
ORDERS, PENSACOLA, FLA.,

Numbers 1. March 11, 1861.

I. In compliance with Special Orders Numbers 1 from the War Department, Confederate States of America, dated at Montgomery, Ala., March 7, 1861, Brigadier-General Bragg assumes the command of all troops in the service of said States in the vicinity of Pensacola. His headquarters will be at Fort Barrancas.

* * * * *

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. G. O.,

Montgomery, March 14, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Troops near Pensacola, Fla.:

SIR: Your two dispatches dated the 12th instant* (one accompanied by a return of the troops under your command) have been received, and laid before the Secretary of War, by whom I am instructed to reply as follows:

Requisitions upon the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia, and Florida have been made for troops to the number of five thousand, to be placed under your command, and it may be expected that a large proportion of this force will be reported to you in the course of the next ten days. A copy of the law regulating the Provisional Forces of the Confederacy is inclosed for your information and guidance,* and by it you will be governed in mustering the troops into service. It is suggested that the formation by regiments from each separate State will be the most convenient. The requisite blank muster rolls will be sent to you.

Your appointment of Colonel Forney as acting inspector-general meets fully with the approval of the Department.

In regard to an officer of experience in the Quartermaster's and Subsistence Departments, the Secretary regrets that at present there is no one available who possesses the experience required for those responsible duties, but as soon as it will be possible to do so an officer will be ordered to report to you. In the mean time it will be necessary for your to rely upon such ability as you may have at hand.

You are desired to make known your wants in respect to artillery and the munitions of war, having in view the defense of Pensacola and the reduction of Fort Pickens. The Department would be gratified to receive your opinions in regard to that important subject, and particularly as to be probable effect of the fire from the ships in the roadstead upon parties making regular approaches to the fort.

In assigning you to the command of the forces at or near Pensacola and Fort Pickens, it was intended by the Department that the navy-yard and all things connected therewith should be included, and you are therefore to be governed accordingly. You will please convey this information to Captain Farrand as the orders of the Government.

At your suggestion, Captain H. Oladowski has been assigned to you as ordnance officer, and he has been directed by telegraph to report to you immediately.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

29 R R

