
It is observed that you have three months' subsistence on hand for your present force. In view of the large increase which you may expect, you will, of course, make timely estimates for additional supplies. A large quantity has been turned over to the General Government by this State. Funds will be forwarded to you as soon as possible, but it is important that your requisitions should be made on this Department specifying the different heads of expenditure.

It will not be practicable to detach General Van Dorn upon the mission you refer to. That officer has been appointed colonel of infantry, and his services will be immediately needed either at Fort Morgan or the mouth of the Mississippi. Lieutenant Childs has not made his appearance up to this time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. DEAS,

Acting Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., March 14, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: The port of Apaloachicola is without any means of defense, having only two hundred muskets and sixty rifles; no artillery of any kind. The commercial importance of the city may make it more than a point of ordinary interest to the United States Government, if they intend to enforce the collection of the revenue.

The citizens of the city are organized into four volunteer companies, which comprise about two-thirds of the people capable of bearing arms. They are under apprehension that the city and property therein is in danger.

I beg to call your attention to the fact, and request that some means of protection may be afforded us it there is a probability of hostilities. The men can be raised there, it we had the guns.

Yours, respectfully,

D. P. HOLLAND.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 16, 1861.

Captain J. C. BOOTH,

Corps of Artillery, Commanding Baton Rouge Arsenal:

CAPTAIN: Issue will all possible dispatch to General Braxton Bragg, commanding forces at Pensacola-

One thousand 8-inch columbiad shot; two thousand 8-inch columbiad shell; four thousand 42-pounder shot; two thousand 24-pounder shot; one thousand 18-pounder shot; one thousand 12-pounder shot; fifteen hundred 10-inch shell (columbiad shell, if possible); one hundred and thirty-eight 24-pounder spherical case, strapped; one hundred and forty-seven 24-pounder grape-shot stands; seventy-nine 18-pounder grape-shot stands; eighty-eight 8-inch grape-shot stands; one hundred and fifty 8-inch columbiad cartridge bags; fifteen thousand priming tubes; two thousand port-fires; five hundred pounds slow match; four thousand friction tubes; fifty thousand musket buck and ball cartridges (percussion).

Have made and issued to General Bragg as above, with all possible dispatch-

