
Two thousand 8-inch cartridge bags for columbiads; two thousand 42-pounder cartridge bags; two thousand 32-pounder cartridge bags; one thousand 24-pounder cartridge bags; one thousand 12-pounder cartridge bags.

By order of the Secretary of War:

GEO. DEAS,

Acting Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TROOPS CONFEDERATE STATES,

No. 4. Near Pensacola, Fla., March 18, 1861.

The commanding general learns with surprise and regret that some of our citizens are engaged in the business of furnishing supplies of fuel, water, and provisions to the armed vessels of the United State now occupying a threatening position off this harbor.

That no misunderstanding may exist on this subject, it is announced to all concerned that this traffic is strictly forbidden, and all such supplies which may be captured in transit to such vessels, or to Fort Pickens, will be confiscated. The more effectually to enforce this prohibition, no boat or vessel will be allowed to visit Fort Pickens, or any United States naval vessel, without special sanction.

Colonel John H. Forney, acting inspector-general, will organize an efficient harbor police for the enforcement of this order.

By command of Brigadier General Braxton Bragg:

ROBERT C. WOOD, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 19, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Troops near Pensacola, Fla.:

SIR: Captain G. W. Lee, of Atlanta, who will present you this letter, is in command of a company of volunteers from Georgia. This company, consisting of one hundred men, chiefly artisans, is exclusive of the quota which has been required from that State, and the Secretary of War desires you will cause the officers and men to be mustered into service and assigned to duty.

The requisition for the 5,000 troops for your command, mentioned in the communication from this office of the 14th instant, is now being rapidly filled. The several commands will be pushed forward with the least practicable delay, and may be shortly expected to report to you.

The requisition for the 5,000 troops for your command, mentioned in the communication from this office of the 14th instant, is now being rapidly filled. The several commands will be pushed forward with the least practicable delay, and may be shortly expected to report to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I take occasion to inform you that the Government has accepted the services of a battalion of Louisiana Zouaves, to consist of not less than four hundred or more than five hundred men, with a proper proportion of commissioned and non-commissioned officers, to serve in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States for a period of twelve months or during the war, unless sooner discharged. One hundred and fifty men of this battalion will be immediately sent to your command, and the remainder of this battalion will follow a few days after.

