
this State, represent that the city of Apalachicola is entirely undefended by fortifications, and has no means to repel aggressions from her seaboard; that the commercial importance of this city demands that she should no longer remain in her present exposed and defenseless condition.

The undersigned respectfully urge that the Perry Artillery should be speedily supplied with a necessary battery to render the same an efficient arm of the city's defense.

With great respect, &amp;c.,

B. F. SIMMONS,

S. W. SPENCER,

J. J. GRIFFIN,

J. L. DUNHAM,

Committee.

MONTGOMERY, April 5, 1861.

General BRAGG,

Pensacola, Fla.:

Can you prevent re-enforcements being landed at other points on Santa Rosa Island other than the docks? Do you mean by "attack" the opening of your guns upon the fort or upon the ships? If the former, would your operations be confined to battering the fort? Telegraph, and write, also, fully.

L. P. WALKER.

PENSACOLA, April 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

I can control the dock, but re-enforcements can be landed on the outside Santa Rosa Island in spite of me. The ships, except the Wyandotte, are beyond my range. She can be driven off or destroyed. Any attack by us now must be secretly made by escalate. My batteries are not ready for breaching, and we are entirely deficient in ammunition. No landing should be made on Santa Rosa Island with our present means. Will write.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,

Montgomery, April 6, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The Government at Washington have determined to re-enforce Fort Pickens, and troops are now leaving for that purpose.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATE TROOPS,Near Pensacola, Fla., April 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 5th instant reached me this morning, and was answered immediately. Mine of the 3rd,* asking if I might attack,

---------------

*No dispatch of the 3rd found; reference probably to that of the 5th; p.455.

---------------

