
was predicated on several occurrences which I could not explain in a dispatch, and which admitted of no delay. A strong easterly wind was blowing, calculated to drive off the United States naval vessels. It continues yet, but they hold on, though evidently with trouble. They have placed an Engineer officer in Fort Pickens in violation, as I conceive, of the agreement "not to re-enforce." And, finally, I have reason to believe the garrison in Fort Pickens is greatly demoralized by influences which are operating strongly in our favor. Under these circumstances I desired to know if I should be free to act when a favorable occasion might officer. Believing myself that the United States Government and some of its agents are acting in bad faith towards us, I do not hesitate to believe we are entirely absolved form all obligations under the agreement of 29th January; but as a question of political policy might be raised, I deem it prudent to ask the consent of the Department before acting on so important a matter.

I am not prepared with my batteries for anything more than a feeble defense (see my requisition for ordnance and ordnance stores), and that condition cannot be changed until I can get supplies. The only attack which I could hope to make now would be a sudden dash, distracting the enemy by a false attack, and scaling the walls in an opposite direction. The weakness of the garrison, and the ardor and ignorance of my troops, would be strong elements of success. In this movement I should not propose to fire a gun unless in the diversion.

Such is now the incessant occupation of my staff officers in receiving, supplying, and organizing troops that but little can be done in other preparations. We have the force and the labor necessary, but the skill to apply them is confined to a few.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PENSACOLA, April 7, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Your dispatch of 5th answered by telegraph and letter. I shall fire upon any re-enforcements to Pickens unless ordered not. Need supplies called for in my ordnance requisition. have but few cartridge bags and no flannel. I shall send to Mobile for some to-day, but have no money to pay. Not a cent has been received since I arrived. Dispatches for Fort Pickens and the fleet can be received from Washington through the post office here. The blow is over, and the vessels stood it out. Twelve hundred men expected on to-day from Mississippi and Georgia.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, April 8, 1861.

General BRAGG,

Pensacola:

Our Commissioners at Washington have received a flat refusal.

L. P. WALKER.

