
battery competes wit the Trapier battery for the honor of throwing into Fort Sumter the largest number of shells thrown from any post in the harbor. The rifled cannon in this battery was under the supervision of Captain J. P. Thomas, of the Citadel Academy, and its accuracy of aim reflected well upon the skill of Captain Thomas, and was a valuable auxiliary in driving the men from their guns. The two 42-pounders were managed by Lieutenant T. Sumter Brownfield, and I cannot speak too highly of their services. Twice on Saturday, 13th instant, I saw the casemate bearing on this post manned, and instructed Lieutenant Brownfield to drive the men away, and in each case the shot striking on the checks of the embrasures drove the men away. The venerable Edmund Ruffin, of Virginia, was at this battery during the greater part of the bombardment, and by his enthusiasm and example greatly incited the men.

To Major P. F. Stevens, of the Citadel Academy, I but do justice in saying that by example, by forethought, by energy, by his skill much of the success from this post was achieved. He is entitled to most honorable mention and to the highest praise.

To the companies manning the channel batteries much praise is due for a vigilance which never slept, and through which everything looking towards a re-enforcement was guarded against. It was confidently believed by me that the channel batteries were far more likely to be engaged than the batteries bearing on Fort Sumter, and until the bombardment commenced I rested upon the troops at these batteries with the firm assurance that they would permit no entrance whatever to the beleaguered fortress, and the patient vigilance and endurance, the more commendable because not being by the fortune of war at the posts of combat on the 12th and 13th instants, when a hostile fleet lay off the harbor and an hourly conflict was expected, cannot be too highly commended. To the Wee Nee Riflemen, Captain J. G. Pressley, Lieutenant A. F. Warley, and the detachment of the Wee Nee Riflemen, Lieutenant Keils under him; the Columbia Artillery, Captain A. J. Green; the German Artillery, Captain C. Nohrden, and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Lamar, with the volunteer detachment under him, I desire to pay the highest commendation for a vigilance unsleeping and untiring. The gallant bearing of these troops while standing as silent spectators of the bombardment evinces that if it had been their good fortune to have been actively engaged they would have rendered for themselves a faithful account.

Without invidious distinction I desire particularly to call to your attention the services of the Columbia Artillery, Captain A. J. Green, which has been on duty unrelieved since 1st Artillery last, and of the German Artillery, Captain C. Nohrden, which, with but short relief, has been on duty since 27th December last. To Captain Green, as the company longest in service, was given the choice of the batteries, and with characteristic gallantry he chose the post which he believed certain of action.

The course of circumstances deprived himself and his brother commanders of the channel batteries from joining in the engagement, while it afforded to their equally gallant but more fortunate brother commanders of the Point batteries the opportunity of being engaged. All were ready and all were gallant, and I desire to speak thus in justice to all. To the valuable services of Sergeant Hamilton and Privates Bugard, McCaa, Brooks, and Riley, of the Columbia Artillery, rendered at the Iron battery in endeavoring to repair the injured mantelet and lever-arm, I ask leave to call attention. I also desire to mention with great commendation the valuable services rendered me by Captain F. D. Lee, Corps of Engineers, assigned by you as a part of my staff,

