
and to whose admirable field works too much praise cannot be awarded; also to Lieutenant J. Ravenel Macbeth, my adjutant, and to Capts. J. Jones and F. L. Childs, assistant commandants of batteries, I desire to call attention for gallantry and cool determination in the extension of orders and for valuable suggestions during the engagement. To Captain P. Gervais Robinson, M. D., Lieutenant R. F. Michael, M. D., my medical staff, and to Drs. F. T. Miles and F. L. Parker, who kindly volunteered their services as surgeons, I am greatly indebted for the thought and care with which they had prepared for the casualties of battle. They were respectively assigned to the several batteries, and during the entire engagement remained at the posts to which so assigned. No casualties, I am glad to say, required their presence; but I am not the less indebted to them, and ask that they may be mentioned with the honor to which they are so justly entitled. To Lieutenant John Rutledge, inspector of ordnance, and to Lieutenant L. C. Williams, of the Ordnance Department, with his valuable sergeants, M. E. Rooney and E. W. Fuller (the latter of whom was specially detached from the Columbia Artillery), I ask to call your particular attention. To the batteries under my command their services were invaluable, and to them I owe, in a very high degree, the efficiency of their fire.

Desiring through you, sir, to express to the commanding general of the Provisional Forces my entire satisfaction with the soldierly deportment and bearing and with the efficient services rendered, as I believe, by the troops under my command,

I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WILMOT G. DE SAUSSURE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery.

Brigadier General JAMES SIMONS,

Commanding Morris Island.

Numbers 13. Reports of Major P. F. Stevens, commanding Point and Iron batteries.

CUMMINGS POINT, MORRIS ISLAND,

April 13, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that yesterday morning, about 4 o'clock, a shell having been fired from Fort Johnson, according to instructions I manned my batteries, and, following Captain King's battery, opened fire on Fort Sumter from the mortar battery, which was continued unabatedly night and day until the order was to-day given to cease firing. The Iron battery and the 42-pounder batteries opened their fire during all yesterday, and once during last night, when an alarm was given that re-enforcements were endeavoring to enter the fort. At 5 o'clock this morning the fire was resumed from the Iron and 42-pounder batteries, in conjunction with the fire of the mortar battery.

At about 7.30 a.m. Lieutenant Armstrong, in charge of the mortar battery, reported to me that he had thrown a shell which broke into the roof of Fort Sumter about the southwest angle and exploded therein. He immediately pointed out the post, from which the smoke of the explosion had not yet ceased to issue. The smoke from this point continued to arise and increase in volume, until about 8 o'clock the flame broke out, and soon enveloped the south roof. I immediately ordered my batteries to quicken their fire, and a rapid volley was poured from all my batteries (mortars and heavy guns) for nearly three-quarters of an hour. I think the fire from every battery under my

