
may be too late. The enemy is well acquainted with the localities, and my opinion is that if they shall attempt to take Apalachicola they will land their forces for the purpose between Saint Joseph's Bay and the city. If successful they would capture all the vessels in port, a quantity of provisions, and other valuable property, and having cut off supplies from the troops on Saint Vincent's Island would create a necessity for their surrender. It is not probable the enemy will make the attack with a force which they may believe insufficient to accomplish these purposes.

I have examined with care the face of the country six miles in rear of Apalachicola, toward Saint Joseph's Bay, and the grounds are very favorable for defense by artillery, cavalry, and infantry; and if no attack shall be made before the 15th of October I will endeavor to have State troops placed in suitable positions to co-operate successfully with such troops as may be there in the service of the Confederate States.

I am, very respectfully, sir, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN MILTON.

If an officer who is a good artillerists could be sent to Apalachicola he could render very efficient service in the arrangement of cannon and drilling of troops to use them.

[Inclosure.]

APALACHICOLA, August 10, 1861.

General MILTON,

Governor Elect of Florida:

SIR: I have the honor to report that there is an absolute necessity of ten teams in order to complete the fortifications now in process of erection on Saint Vincent's Island, and in addition to its present armament, viz, four 32-pounders, mounted on ship carriages, we shall require four 32-pounders on barbetter carriages, and two 24-pounders on siege carriages. For the defense of the Saint Joseph's road, we shall require to 24-pounders, on siege or field carriages. There is an exceedingly small supply of ammunition here, which deficiency it is necessary to remedy as early as possible, and we are in immediate need of at least one thousand friction primers.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, very respectfully,

J. A. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant, C. S. Army.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., August 17, 1861.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, Pensacola:

GENERAL: Your requisition for ordnance and ordnance stores, inclosed with letter of 7th August, 1861, has been referred to the Bureau of Ordnance and returned with report that there are no guns. These guns have been especially in demand for Manassas, and great efforts are being made to supply this want. With regard to disposition of the company, the Secretary of War decides that it is a question whether you can employ it advantageously without these guns, or whether with a different armament it might not serve more advantageously elsewhere, which your discretion can determine.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

