
be approved by the Department, as we took the responsibility of taking the stores back for the best interest of the public service.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES REILLY,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

No. 2. Reports of Ordnance Sergeant Frederick Dardingkiller, U. S. Army, of the first seizure of Fort Caswell.

FORT CASWELL, N. C., January 11, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report herewith that this post is reoccupied by a party of citizens from Wilmington and Smithville. They took possession at 7 o'clock on the night of the 10th instant. The individual who represents them as commanding officer is a Mr. Hedrick, from Wilmington; he has signed receipts to me for all the ordnance stores at the post, and is using such of them as he needs.

I would have used every effort to communicate this matter to the Department before this, only that Sergeant Reilly was pleased to write on the night of its occurrence. Please send me instructions how I am to act, and if I am to receive what portion of the stores that is left; and how I am to expend the property they have destroyed, in the event of my receiving the stores back.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK DARDINGKILLER,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

FORT CASWELL, N. C., January 14, 1861.

SIR: I most respectfully with to state that the party of citizens who occupied this post has left this day. Mr. Hedrick, who signed receipts to me for the ordnance stores, has returned them to me in good order, except what he expended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. DARDINGKILLER,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 3. Extract from annual report of Captain John G. Foster, U. S. Engineers, dated October 1, 1861. (Seizure of Fort Macon).

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

This work was taken possession of by the troops of the State of North Carolina about the middle of April. It was at that time in bad repair;

