
Extract from annual report, dated October 1, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Fort Caswell, mouth of Cape Fear River, N. C.-This fort was taken possession of on the 16th of April, 1861, by a militia company from Wilmington, N. C., commanded by Mr. John Cantwell. The fort keeper and ordnance sergeant were forced to leave, and all public property in the fort and at Fort Johnston, Smithville, N. C., was taken possession of.

At the time of this seizure very few guns were inside of the fort, and these were of inferior calibers, and without carriages to mount them. The gorge of the main work and the right flank and gorge of the covered way were without traverse circles for guns, which was a serious want, as these parts now bear more directly than others upon the channel, which has shifted on the bar from the east to the west shore. The fort generally was in good repair, having been quite thoroughly repaired rebuilding, as is also the case with those at Fort Macon.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

No. 5. Report of Bvt. Major S. S. Anderson, Second U. S. Artillery, of the seizure of the U. S. Arsenal at Fayetteville, N. C.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS NORTH CAROLINA ARSENAL,Fayetteville, N. C., April 23, 1861.

COLONEL: I have to report that this arsenal was surrendered to the State of North Carolina yesterday, on demand of the governor of the State, which demand was sustained by a force of one thousand and fifty rank and file of State troops, well armed and equipped. The demand for the surrender being made, supported by such an overwhelming force, after consulting with Captain Bradford, the commander of the arsenal, we did not deem it necessary to offer a resistance, which in the end could be of no avail other then the total annihilation of my command (which at the time consisted of only forty-two effective muskets), as there was no probability, or possibility I may say, I could or would be re-enforced. I inclose a certified copy of the terms agreed upon between myself and the governor's aide-de-camp with regard to the withdrawal of my command.

I have to-day ordered Lieutenant De Lagnel to Wilmington, N. C., for the purpose of procuring transportation for the troops to one of the northern posts.

Captain Bradford, the commander of the arsenal, and on whom the demand for surrender was made, has made an official report* to the chief of his corps, which embraces all the particulars regarding the surrender.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, and Bvt. Major, U. S. A., Commanding Troops.

Colonel T. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

