
matter, we wish most respectfully to add in this paper some of the reasons moving us in the course we have pursued. Captain Bradford mentions in his note to you that the petitioners do not state to him that the works are menaced from any quarter, and further, that beyond that he has never heard of any. We grant all that. We know of no open attack that is meditated upon the arsenal. If we did, we, as citizens of Fayetteville and North Carolina, would know how to meet it. The raid at Harper's Ferry, and all subsequent events in the South, teach us that all mischief comes (and is to be especially dreaded on that account) without menace. If any attempt is made on lives and property, it will not be made with light of day and with a warning beforehand, but at the dead hour of night, when all are unsuspecting. And when we look about to know what means the assassin has at hand to enable him to carry out his dreadful designs, we find them stored up in immense quantities at our very doors, in the shape of United States muskets, swords, pistols, &amp;c., with, as we are informed, large quantities of powder, with one single man standing as guard. We think our request not an unreasonable one, when we place it purely on the assumption that you place it-where there are arms there should be a guard to protect them, without any reference whatever to any peculiar state of affairs. It is hardly necessary to say in the close that these views of things grow out of the events most especially that had taken place within a year all over the South, and that all these unfortunate untoward events have come at all times without a menace.

Entertaining these views, we respectfully request that you make application to the War Department for a company of soldiers as before suggested.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. G. MATTHEWS et al.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

NORTH CAROLINA ARSENAL,

Fayetteville, October 22, 1860.

ARCHIBALD McLEAN,

Esq., Mayor of the Town of Fayetteville:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your communication, dated the 20th instant, accompanying a request from many citizens of the town that a company of troops might be ordered to this post to guard the public property in deposit here. Neither in the paper of request nor in your communication is there intimation of any menace against my post, nor have I intimation of any. I can see no necessity, therefore, for the presence of troops here at this time.

With much respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. J. BRADFORD,

Captain, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

TOWN OF FAYETTEVILLE, N. C., October 25, 1860.

Honorable J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In accordance with their wishes I indorse the request submitted to me by a number of our most respectable citizens, setting forth their reasons for asking that troops may be put in charge of the United States Arsenal at this place. Concurring generally in the view that wherever there is a large depository of arms and munitions there should

