
No. 2. Report of Lieutenant John W. Todd, U. S. Ordnance Department, of the seizure of the arsenal at Baton Rouge.

BATON ROUGE, January 10, 1861.

The arsenal was surrendered this evening to the governor of Louisiana. Please give me instructions where to proceed with the detachment under my command.

J. W. TODD,

Lieutenant, Ordnance Corps.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance Department, U. S. Army.

No. 3. Report of Ordnance Sergeant H. Smith, U. S. Army, of the seizure of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

FORT JACKSON, LA., January 11, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that this post and Fort Saint Philip were taken possession of by a detachment of Louisiana militia, under the command of Major Paul E. Theard, on the 10th instant, by order of the governor of the State of Louisiana, which order I protested against. Having no force to defend the public property, I was forced to surrender it to superior numbers. Inclosed you will find a copy of the above order.

I will remain here and wait for instructions from you. I have taken receipts for all the Government property, except a small quantity of commissary stores, which I kept for my own use.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. SMITH,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA,Adjutant-General's Office, New Orleans, January 10, 1861.

SIR: You will proceed with your detachment on board the steamboat Yankee, and go down to Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, where you will demand of the person in charge of the forts to surrender, and you will take possession of the same in the name of the State of Louisiana. Haulf down the United States flags, if floating on the fort, and hoist the pelican flag on Fort Jackson. Place Captain St. Paul, with his company of foot rifles, in possession of Fort Saint Philip. You will take possession of Fort Jackson with the balance of the detachment. You will hold the forts and defend them against any and all attacks to the last. Strict discipline and order must be exacted by you.

T. O. MOORE,

Governor, Commander-in-Chief.

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant-General.

