
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA,Adjutant-General's Office, New Orleans, February 2, 1861.

Bvt. Second Lieutenant WALTER McFARLAND,

U. S. Engineer Department:

SIR: In the name of the sovereign State of Louisiana, I now demand of you possession of the officers and bureaus, and of all the property, maps, plans, &amp;c., appertaining to the United States Engineer Department, now in your custody, charge, and control, belonging to the United States of America, for which the State of Louisiana is and will be accountable, and receipts for the same will be given you.

By order of T. O. Moore, governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Louisiana.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 5, 1861.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Late Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: Your communication of the 28th ultimo, inclosing copy of a demand made upon you for the surrender of the public property in your possession to the State of Louisiana, has been submitted to the Secretary of War, by whom I am directed to return the following reply:

The demand of the government of Louisiana for the surrender of the United States property in your charge was an act of spoliation to which you seem to have yielded in anything but a commendable spirit. The adjustment of your accountability to the Government for that property is a matter for consideration at the proper time.

Your resignation had been accepted by the President prior to the receipt of the letter herein referred to, and it is needless to say the action of the President had no reference to the circumstances alluded to by you in connection with it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

This letter is returned to the Secretary of War because it shows a splenetic spirit and contains offensive language from a source personally irresponsible.

A. C. MYERS.

NEW ORLEANS, February 18, 1861.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 7, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana, Baton Rouge:

SIR: I learn from a report of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Myers, late assistant quartermaster in the service of this Department at New Orleans, that on the 28th ultimo, under your direction and in the name of the State of Louisiana, "all the quartermaster's and commissary stores, and

