
Numbers 14. Report of Captain R. Martin, commanding Mount Pleasant mortar battery.

MOUNT PLEASANT MORTAR BATTERY,

April 17, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the inclosed report of practice at battery under my command.* Probably you will see I fired faster than ordered. Captain Ferguson can inform you that Colonel Ripley allowed me to fire faster. The officers and men are in good condition, though much mortified and not being noticed by Major Anderson. After the forty-eighth shot the fort was seen to be on fire, and the excitement was so great no account was kept of the shots. I think we fired about ten shells more.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

R. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General P. G. T. BEAUREGARD, C. S. A.,

Commanding Forces about Charleston, S. C.

P. S.-Lieutenant F. H. Robertson, of the Confederate Army, was of great use to me. He was prompt and energetic in the discharge of his duties, and was fully competent to the part assigned him by your order. I cannot close without mentioning the services of Lieutenant George N. Reynolds, of the Confederate States Army, who acted as ordnance officer. He showed an intimate acquaintance with his duties, and discharged them well. In fact, all the officers behaved coolly, although under no trial but that of excitement.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

R. MARTIN.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain William Butler, commanding mortar battery Numbers 2, Sullivan's Island.

MORTAR BATTERY, Numbers 2, SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,

April 16, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit my report upon the service of the mortars under my charge during the bombardment of Fort Sumter on the 12th and 13th instant.

On the night of the 11th the gunners were detailed and at their posts, the mortar pointed, and the battery prepared for immediate action. The following morning the signal for hostilities to commence being announced both from Forts Johnson and Moultrie, we opened fire from this battery upon Fort Sumter. The prescribed intervals for firing were observed, until varied by verbal orders from the lieutenant-colonel commanding, directing me to shorten them, when an increased rate of firing was commenced and continued until dark.

During the night the rate of firing was reduced to one shell in two to three hours, but was again renewed the next morning at the increased rate of the day before, and continued until about noon, when the signal for surrender was observed and the firing ceased.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

