
troops, numbering over 1,000 men, under Colonel Ben McCulloch. On that morning I received a summons requiring me "to deliver up all military posts and public property held by or under your [my] control." It is herewith, marked No. 9. I immediately (with Major Nichols) proceeded to my office, and found the troops and public property surrounded by the Texans. After a conversation with the commissioners, in presence of all my staff and the officers of the post, it war agreed that the United States troops should march out of the city, taking with them their arms, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and all the necessaries for a march out of Texas.

On the 17th instant I received another summons from the commissioners (copy herewith No. 10), to which I replied under the same date, a copy of which is herewith, marked No. 11. The commissioners replied to this (copy herewith, Numbers 12.), stating the conditions of the march out of Texas (see letter referred to in the proceedings of the commission), and demanding the surrender of the guns of the light batteries, a demand to which I could not accede. The commissioners were instructed to demand that the route of the troops should be byway of the coast. I objected to this strongly until I found that, unless I yielded that point, there would be immediate collision, and deeming it probable that by yielding this I could save the guns of the light batteries, I reluctantly did so. (See my letter of the 18th instant, marked Numbers 13, addressed to that body.) The commissioners, in reply (copy herewith, Numbers 14), accepted my conditions. I have to remark that whilst the commissioners were in session the State troops were in rapid march upon the city of San Antonio. General Orders, Numbers 5, herewith (Numbers 15), will inform you of the disposition of the troops. A copy of the circular of the commissioners is also herewith, Numbers 16.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding the Dept. of Texas.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Proceedings of a military commission constituted by virtue of the following order, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 20. San Antonio, February 9, 1861.

A military commission, to consist of Major David H. Vinton, quartermaster, Major Sackfield Maclin, paymaster, and Captain Robert H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, is hereby appointed to meet the commissioners on behalf of the Convention of the People of Texas - Messrs. Thos. J. Devine, Saml. A. Maverick, and P. N. Luckett - to the disposition of the public property upon the demand of the State of Texas.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The commission met at 4 o'clock p. m., February 9, 1861.

Present, Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K, Whiteley, Ordnance Department.

---------------

*The inclosure have been renumbered for convenience of reference.

---------------

