
The following communication was received from the commissioners of the State of Texas, viz:

SAN ANTONIO, February 9, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: The undersigned would suggest the hour of 12 as a suitable time for meeting, at such place as you may designate. Should that hour not suit your convenience, then such time and place this afternoon as may be decided upon by you.

Very respectfully,

THOS. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. M. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of the People of the State of Texas.

Major DAVID H. VINTON,

Major SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Captain ROBERT H. K. WHITELEY,

Military Commissioners appointed to meet Commissioners on behalf of the People of the State of Texas.

Considered, and answered as follows, viz:

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., February 9, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: We have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of you communication of this date, in which you appoint 12 o'clock to-day, or at any hour this afternoon, of meeting you to consider the business connected with our several commissions. We regret that we have not been able to conform to your appointment. The want of instructions from Major-General Twiggs, delayed by untoward circumstances, will prevent our meeting with you to-day, but we will, if it suits your convenience, have the honor to receive your at General Twiggs' office on Monday, at 9 o'clock a. m., to enter upon the business you may then lay before us.

We are, gentlemen, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. WINTON,

Major and Quartermaster.

SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Paymaster, U. S. Army.

R. H. K. WHITELEY,

Captain of Ordnance.

Messrs. T. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of the People of the State of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

The subjoined instructions were received from department headquarters and read, viz:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 9, 1861.

The following instructions are furnished for the direction of the military commission appointed in Special Orders No. 20, of this date, from these headquarters, to meet the commissioners on behalf of the convention of the people of Texas:

1. An inventory of the minutions of war now in San Antonio, and, if requisite, inventories at the several posts, except the arms in the hands of the troops, will be laid before the commissioners of Texas for their information.

2. An inventory of quartermaster's stores not required for the movements of the troops out of Texas will os be furnished.

3. Forage for the public animals, clothing, subsistence, stores, medical and hospital supplies will not be taken into consideration.

4. The public founds in the hands of disbursing officers of the Department of Texas will not be surrendered, but will be retained for the payment of outstanding debts, as far as practicable, and for the incidental expenses of the movements of the troops.

5. The military commission will exercise such discretionary powers as may conduce to the interests of the troops, and as shall not contravene materially the fair demands of Texas.

6. The military commission will keep a daily record of their meetings, which upon a final adjournment will be compared with the minutes of the proceedings of the commissioners; and should they agree they will be signed and submitted to the commanding general of the department.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Adjourned to meet the commissioners of the people of the State of Texas in the office of the commanding general Department of Texas, on the 11th instant, at 9 o'clock a. m.

