
The commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain ; R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, on the part of the United States; Thomas J. Devine, Samuel A. Maverick, P. N. Luckett, on the part of the people of the State of Texas.

Absent: J. H. Rogers.

The commissioners of the people of the State of Texas submitted copies of their credentials. These papers are hereto appended, marked Nos.3, 4, 5, 6, and 7; also the letter of advice accompanying them, marked Numbers 2.

T. J. Devine stated for himself and colleagues that "we are authorized to demand, on behalf of the sovereign people of Texas, in convention assembled, the delivery of all the public property the control of Major-General Twiggs, commanding the Department of Texas. The object of the commission now is, to ascertain whether or no said public property will be delivered up."

After conversational deliberation, the commissioners of the people of Texas submitted a paper, of which the following is a copy, viz:

SAN ANTONIO, February 11, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: The undersigned, by virtue of the powers vested in us, do now demand of you, in the name and by the authority of the sovereign People of the State of Texas, in Convention assembled, as we have heretofore demanded of Bvt. Major General David E. Twiggs, commanding in the Department of Texas, a delivery of all the arms of every description, military stores, including quartermaster's, commissary, and medical stores and public moneys, and everything else under the control of the general in command belonging to the Federal Government. If an affirmative answer is not given to this demand, the following questions are submitted for your consideration, and answer to the same are respectfully required:

Do you consent and agree to the following stipulations:

1. that everything under the control of the general commanding in the Department of Texas shall remain in statu quo until the 2nd day of March next?

2. That no movement, change of position, or concentration of the troops shall take place?

3. That none of the arms, ordnance, military stores, or other property shall be disposed of before that time, ordinary consumption excepted?

4. That upon the 2nd day of March the public property in Texas shall, without delay, be delivered upon the undersigned, or such other commissioners who may be authorized to act on behalf of the convention?

An answer is respectfully required.

We remain, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

T. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. M. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of the Convention.

Major DAVID H. WINTON,

Major SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Captain ROBERT H. K. WHITELEY,

Military Commissioners.

This paper is appended to these proceedings, and is marked G. [Omitted.]

Which having been read, the military commission requested time for its consideration, advising the commissioners of the people of Texas that a day and hour would be appointed to meet them in the future.

Adjourned to meet to-morrow, February 12, at 10 o'clock a. m.

The commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. J. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department.

