
Also, to advise the commissioners of the people of Texas to meet the military commission at the office of the commanding general Department of Texas, to-morrow morning, February 13, 1861, at 11 o'clock a. m.

Adjourned to meet to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.

The commissioners met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, on the part of the United States; Thomas J. Devine, Samuel A. Maverick, P. N. Luckett, on the part of the people of the State of Texas.

The military commission laid before the commissioners on the part of the people of Texas their reply to the specific demands made by the latter in their communication of the 11th instant, after perusal of which they requested time for deliberation; whereupon both commissions adjourned to meet to-morrow morning, February 14, 1861, at 10 o'clock, that being the hour designated by the commissioners on the part of the people of Texas.

The commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, on the part of the United States.

A communication was received from the commissioners of the people of Texas, stating they were unable to reply to our communication at 10 o'clock a. m., but would be ready at 4 o'clock this afternoon. This paper is appended to the proceedings, marked No. 8.

Adjourned to meet at 4 o'clock p. m., February 14, 1861.

The commissioners met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, on the part of the United States; Thomas J. Devine, P. N. Luckett.

Absent: Samuel A. Maverick, sick, on the part of the people of the State of Texas.

The commissioners on the part of the people of Texas presented a paper, hereto subjoined, purporting to be in answer to the communication, dated the 12th instant, of this commission, which being received, an adjournment was had, notifying the commissioners on the part of the people of Texas, at the same time, that notice would be given them of our next meeting so soon as we shall be prepared to give them a reply.

The military commission adjourned to meet to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.

SAN ANTONIO, February 14, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: The undersigned, commissioners on behalf of the Convention of the People of the State of texas, acting through the committee of publish safety, have has the honor to receive your communication of the 12th instant, while in conference, and have the honor to reply to the answers contained in your note, as follows:

We are unable to accept as satisfactory you answer to that question in our note of the 11th instant, relating tot he movements or position of the troops in Texas, as your reply, by a reasonable construction of its language, if not in express terms, asserts the right and intention of the general in command of the Department of Texas to make any movement by the troops that may be ordered by an authority high than himself. The question is, consequently, left unanswered so far as it relates to the object which the undersigned had in view in presenting this question for consideration, which object was fully set forth in the confederate of the 11th instant.

(NOTE. - In explanation of the words "which object was fully set forth in the conference of the 11th instant," on second page, the undersigned refer to the conversation

