
The channel battery, though not called into use, was kept manned and ready for action. The fire of the enemy, which was not at any time concentrated in this direction, was apparently pointed for the channel, battery, and did no damage except to some of the adjacent houses, the shot generally passing over us.

The officers under my command, Lieutenants Huguenin, Mowry, Blocker, Billings, and Rice, rendered efficient assistance, performing the duties assigned them with zeal and coolness. The men manned the batteries both night and an with alacrity and cheerfulness. I inclose a summary of the firing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BUTLER,

Captain, South Carolina Infantry.

ADJUTANT,

Fort Moultrie.

Numbers 16. Report of Captain W. R. Calhoun, commanding Sumter battery, Fort Moultrie.

FORT MOULTRIE, S. C., April 17, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report concerning the bombardment of Fort Sumter on the 12th and 13th instants by the Sumter battery at Fort Moultrie.

The fire was opened at 4.30 by Lieutenants Rhett and Mitchell, from the second detachment of Company B, Battalion of Artillery. Lieutenants Wagner, Preston, and Sitgreaves, with the whole of Company A, manned the channel battery, to be ready to open fire in the event of the United States fleet attempting to relieve Fort Sumter, and Lieutenant C. W. Parker, with three detachments of Company D, manned the oblique battery.

The fire on Fort Sumter was kept up until 6 p. m., with satisfactory results, by detachments from Companies A, B, and D, arranged in reliefs, as was considered necessary or advisable. At 6 p. m. the fire from the Sumter battery ceased, and was resumed at 7 a. m. on the 13th. The fire continued until the surrender of Fort Sumter, under the direction of Lieutenants Wagner, Rhett, Preston, Sitgreaves, Parker, and Mitchell, and Mr. F. D. Blake, aiding and volunteering as lieutenant. All officers and men discharged their duties gallantly and efficiently, and in manner never surpassed under similar circumstances.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. CALHOUN,

Captain, &amp;c.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. RIPLEY,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain J. H. Hallonquist, commanding mortar and enfilading batteries.

FORT SUMTER, April 17, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the mortar and enfilading batteries which I commanded during the recent bombardment of Fort Sumter:

Owing to the fact that during the day I considered my personal attention

