
[Inclosure No. 7.]

Resolved, That the standing committee on public safety shall continue in session during the recess of this Convention; that they hold their meetings at such time and places as in their judgment the public interest requires; that said committee may grant leave of absence to its members, provided such leave of absence shall not reduce the members left to a less number than nine.

Resolved, 2nd, That said committee shall keep a full and accurate journal of their acts, in a well-bound book, and report the same tot he Convention on the reassembling of the same on the 2nd day of March next.

Done by the People of Texas, in Convention assembled, by their delegates, at the city of Austin, this 4th day of February, 1861.

O. M. ROBERTS,

President of the Convention.

Attest:

JOHN A. GREEN.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

SAN ANTONIO, February 14, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: I regret to state that we are unable to reply to your communication of the 12th at the hour we mentioned, but we will be ready at 4 o'clock this afternoon.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

P. N. LUCKETT,

One of the Commissioners.

Major D. H. VINTON,

Major SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Captain R. H. K. WHITELEY,

Military Commission.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

SAN ANTONIO, February 16, 1861 - 6 o'clock a. m.

SIR: You are hereby required, in the name and by the authority of the People of the State of Texas, in Convention assembled, to deliver up all military posts and public property held by or under your control.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

THOS J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of the Committee of Public Safety.

To the OFFICE IN COMMAND of the Department of Texas.

[Inclosure No. 10.]

SAN ANTONIO, February 17, 1861.

SIR: In our communication of the 16th instant we required a delivery up by you of the positions hell and public property held by or under your control as commanded in this department. As no reply, save your verbal declaration (which declaration was that you "gave up everything") has been given to our note, and as the undersigned are most anxious to avoid even the possibility of a collision between the Federal troops and the force acting on behalf of the State of Texas - a collision which all reflecting persons desire to avoid, and the consequences

33 R R

