
to determine." I added that such an attempt would be followed by serious consequences, which would be painful to all concerned, and suggested that he would confer with his commissioners on that subject if he had not been instructed upon it. He signified his intention to obey their instructions, whatever they might be, at any cost, and added: "Some of you had better arrange this matter quickly, or my men will do it for you," thus intimating that they might not be controlled.

Near 7 o'clock Colonel McCulloch came to me with a letter, addressed to the commander of the Department of Texas. I informed him that I was not the officer and referred him to you as commanding the post. These matters were all reported to you.

At 10 o'clock I particularly reported the situation of my company, in contracted quarters, and so completely surrounded and commanded by the citizens; force that no man could move without having several hundred guns pointed at him, at the option of that force, and that they had been in this situation nearly six hours. You notified the department commander of this. It seemed to be of consequence, in yielding to the Texas commissioners, that these two companies should leave the State "by the way of the coast." On this point you are better informed than I am; my knowledge of it is incomplete. I understood, however, that our troops wold not be permitted to leave their quarters if this demand was not acceded to, and that it was the one measure to restore quiet.

About 11 o'clock the order was given to prepare to go into camp, and at 3 p. m. the two companies marched out of the city, and formed their camp at this place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Major by Brevet, Captain, Eighth Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, Commanding San Antonio Barracks.

No. 6. Report of Captain John H. King, Eighth U. S. Infantry, of the seizure of U. S. property at San Antonio, Tex.

CAMP SAN PEDRO, TEX., March 1, 1861.

SIR: By your order I report to you that I was on duty as officer of the day at San Antonio Barracks on the 15th ultimo. At night the guarded the Alamo had orders not to load their muskets, and not to resist in case an armed force attempted to seize the public property. Some time before daybreak the corporal at the Alamo reported to me that the citizen troops we had been excepting for a day or two had arrived in the city. Our soldier were notified of it, and the sentinels withdrawn from their posts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. KING,

Captain, First Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, Commanding San Antonio Barracks, Tex.

