
In connection with the matter of this communication, I inclose a copy of a letter I addressed to these headquarters, under date of 12th instant, whilst in command of Camp Verde, which contains the expression of my views previous to entering upon the duties of my present position. I will add that armed bodies of men are moving upon some of the posits within this command, Camp Cooper being one of them, as you will perceive by the copy of Captain Charpente's letter of the 14th instant, inclosed herewith. Other posts are also threatened.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army, &amp;c.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP VERDE,February 12, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a circular from the headquarters of the department, dated the 4th instant, conveying the information that "the secession act has passed the Convention of this State, to take effect on the 2nd day of Mach next."

By this act texas has dissolved her connection with the other states, withdrawn her allegiance to the General Government, and declared herself an independent sovereignty, so ar as it is in her power to do so. By placing herself outside the Union she has forfeited all claim for further proportion by the United States troops, and unless the General Government intends to coerce the State into submission, which I cannot think possible, thee does not occurred to me any reason for keeping the troops in this department.

Being desirous of concentrating my regiment (the First Infantry) so as to bring the companies more under my control, I respectfully request permission to move out of the department with the five companies now serving here, and join the remainder of the regiment, which is in the Department of the West.

Many strong reasons present themselves to my mind in for of as early a movement as practicable. It is well known that much hostile feeling exists towards the General Government, and the army, being the representative of its power, is viewed by a certain class with much dislike. It would require but slight cause to produce a collision, the ultimate results of which no man can calculate.

There is another and, in my opinion, stronger reason which may be urged for an early movement of the troops. I have it from a source I think reliable that the State authorities intend to require the surrender of the arms in the hands of the men before they leave the State. A demand of the kind would, of course, be resisted by the troops, and if force were used, it would lead to the most disastrous consequences. In the present highly-excited state of a large portion of the inhabitants of Texas, the first blood shed would, I fear, be the prelude to a general attack on the Army. A kind of guerrilla war would follow. the scattered condition of the troops, in small garrisons, at a considerable distance from each other, and dependent for supplies on remote depots, would render concert of action exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, and be very favorable for partisan operations against them.

If the commanding general should deem it proper to authorize the

