
from a free exercise of my functions as chief quartermaster, and has been the means of shutting up papers essential to the settlement of the accounts of officers at several of the posts requiring my action. It seems to be an arbitrary exercise of power, conceived in a spirit of retaliation for some act, of which the commander of the department may, perhaps, be more conversant than I am, or else to coerce me into acts as repugnant to my feelings of honor as they are contrary to my duty toward my Government and a proper integrity to my bondsmen - of which the commander of the department may have some conception.

I respectfully ask the mediation of the colonel commanidng the department with the commissioners for the removal of the obstructions to the performance of my duties above pointed out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. VINSON,

Major and Quartermaster.

Bvt. Major W. A. NICHOLAS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Department of Texas, San Antonio.

[Inclosure C2.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., March 2, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that on the 26th ultimo, while in the regular discharge of my duties, I was ejected form my office, which was taken possession of in the name of the State of Texas, in the manner following:

About 10 o'clock a. m. an armed body of men were marched to the door of my office, where they were posted by the person in command, and instructed in an underdone. I continued discharging my duties afterward for probably thirty minutes, when one of the commissioners, Mr. P. N. Luckett, of the State of Texas, entered, and ordered me to close my safe and office, and cease to transact any further business, saying that he took possession in the name of the State of Texas. I closed the door of my safe and office, and have since been prohibited from entering the latter by the sentinel stationed there.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL McCLURE,

Paymaster, U. S. Army.

Bvt. Major W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure C3.]

TEXAS ARSENAL, San Antonio, March 3, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform the colonel commanding the Department of Texas that on the 25th ultimo a guard was placed in my office, in the Ordnance Department, on the corner of Solidad and Rivers streets, San Antonio, by order of the commissioners of the Convention of the People of Texas, which being a direct and gross insult to me, a commissioned officer of the United States Army, and being powerless to prevent or redress such great wrong, I immediately withdrew from that office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. K. WHITELEY,

Captain of Ordnance.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Headquarters Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

34 R R

