
agent of the State of Texas to receive the United States property at this post.

Major French, with his command, was on the 5th instant nea Edinburgh, about sixty miles Fort Brown. In a note to me of the 6th instant, Colonel Backus states: "Bowman's company moves to-morrow by land light, the baggage by water. Major Porter is very anxious to expedite your march. Don't delay a moment. Two companies of infantry go out with the artillery."

I trust my course in marching on Fort Brown will be approved by the commanding officer of the department, and that his plans will not be embarrassed thereby. They might be at the mouth of the river, as I have already reported to Major Porter that I should lose no time in commencing the march on Fort Brown. I have heard no news of the troops above. I would state that I shall march with about twenty-five days' rations for the command, and all the forage on hand. I shall dispatch an express to you this evening, and request that he may be paid at San Antonio the sum of twenty-five dollars the round trip.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major, Third Infantry, Commanding Post.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, March 16, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of a correspondence between Captain B. H. Hill, First Artillery, commanding Fort Brown, and E. B. Nichols, representing himself to be a commissioner on the part of Texas, in elation to the surrender of Fort Brown and the public property at that post.

It will be seen by these communications that a very large force was collected at Brazos Santiago, acting under the authority of the State Convention, for the purpose, it is believed, of forcing the garrison of Fort Brown to surrender or evacuate the post. The firm course pursued by Captain Hill, and their dislike to attack a post so well provided with light artillery, no doubt prevented a serious collision.

Nearly all of the State troops came from Eastern Texas via Galveston, and were raised and prepared for a movement about the time negotiations were commenced with General Twigs. By the last information from Fort Brown, our troops hold that post, and no further difficulty was anticipated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT BROWN, TEX.,February 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have detached an officer and twelve men of this command to Brazos Santiago, to protect the public property there.

