
There is at Brazos a quantity of ordnance and ordnance stores - how much I do not know. Those stores are under the charge of an Ordnance sergeant, who is accountable for them, and who communicates direct with the Colonel of Ordnance.

The only order I find on file in this office is the extract from Special Orders No. 51, from headquarters Department of Texas, of January 1, 1860, and what disposition the Colonel of Ordnance has directed in relation to those stores, or what quantity, if any, he has ordered to be removed to this post, I am not informed. I have understood within a few days, however, that there is a heavy brass battery there, and quite a number of heavy iron guns and carriages, and I have been led to apprehend, from some rumors that I have heard, that there is heavy brass battery there, and quite a number of heavy iron guns and carriages, and I have been led to apprehend, from some rumors that I have head, that an attempt may be made to seize both the public buildings and stores there, and i conclude it to be prudent to send a small guard there for their protection, and a copy of the post orders to that effect is herewith inclosed.

The battery of brass guns I have ordered to be sent to this post.

Should the general commanding the department conclude to retain a command at Brazos, I suggest that it be drawn from Ringgold Barracks. One of the companies constituting the garrison of theirs post is a light battery, and as most of the men are required for the care of the battery horses, but few are applicable to the ordinary garrison duty, and as this post is an extensive one, the duty will fall heavily on that part of my own company that remains here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Captain, First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Department of Texas, San Antonio.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTER FORT BROWN, TEX.,

No. 4. February 8, 1861.

First Lieutenant James Thompson, Second Artillery, is hereby detailed to take command of a detachment composed of the sergeant and twelve privates, to be selected from Company M, First Artillery, and proceed to Brazos Santiago. Upon his arrival, he will take charge of the public buildings and property at that place, and protect the same until further orders.

Rations for ten days will be issued to the men.

The acting assistant quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Captain Hill:

G. D. BAILEY,

Second Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS FORT BROWN, TEX.,February 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, as stated in my letter to the department headquarters dated February 10, 1861, I caused Lieutenant James Thompson, Second Artillery, in command of a detachment of twelve men, to proceed to Brazos Santiago for the protection of the public property at that place.

During the night of the 20th instant information reached this post that the steamer General Rusk had sailed from Galveston with several hundred men for the purpose of seizing the United States property at Brazes and at this place. After consultation with Captain Stoneman

