
of the Federal property intrusted to our protection. This attempt, if made, will be by the identical persons whose lives and property the Government have sent us here to defend. Every incentive to patriotism, and the fulfillment of our individual sworn obligations, prompt us, in such an event, to sell our lived at the dearest possible cost. The defense of our own honor, and that of our country we are sworn to protect, demand this of us.

The spirit that would commit this outrage is not engendered by any low of State or country, but springs from the despicable prompting of individual ambition of distinction in what they hope soon to be a dismembered limb of our glorious country.

Should their number be a thousand to one, their cause, when compared to ours, will be mare than that odds against them. In a strife like this we have but one course to pursue, for each would rather lay his corpse to molder upon the plain he defends than to drag it hence to be the laugh and scorn of every honest lover of his country's glory.

The commanding officer has every confidence in the patriotism of the men of his command, and is satisfied that his prompting will be sufficient to induce, upon the part of all, a loyal discharge of duty. But, if other motives are wanting, they are found in the fact that our individual security and subsistence depend upon our defense, as the only property we have are commissary stores, means of transportation, and our arms. Deprive us of these, we are powerless in an enemy's country.

S. D. CARPENTER,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding Post.

CAMP COOPER, TEX., February 18, 1861.

From various rumors which have reached me, I am led to infer that the object of your command is a hostile movement against this camp. Having waited several days in the expectation of receiving from you a notification of your intentions, I deem it my duty to call upon you to be informed as to the object of this assemblage.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. CARPENTER,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER of the State Troops of Texas, and other armed bodies of citizens, encamped in the vicinity of this Post.

OLD COMANCHE AGENCY,

Near Camp Cooper, February 18, 1861.

SIR: In reply to your communication of this day I have to say that the assemblage of soldiery here has for its object the reduction of Camp Cooper. The State of Texas having, by the action of a convention of the people, virtually renounced her allegiance to the Government of the United States, an being here in command of the State troops, and also in command of the citizen soldierly encamped in this vicinity, I shall, in the name of the sovereign State of Texas demand within twenty-four ours a surrender of the garrison under your command, with all arms munitions, and property of every description heretofore belonging to the United States.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

W. C. DALRYMPLE,

Aide-de-Camp to the Governor, and Colonel Commanding.

Captain S. D. CARPENTER, U. S. Army, Commanding Camp Cooper.

