
that the troops under Captain Carpenter, viz, Company H, First Infantry, proceed to San Antonio and report to the colonel or senior officer of his regiment, and that he (Captain Carpenter) shall be governed in all expects by the terms agreed upon by the commissioners of the convention, Honorable S. A. Maverick, T. J. Devine, and P. N. Luckett, and General D. E. Twigs, of the United States Army, at San Antonio; and Captain S. D. Carpenter, commanding his company, agrees upon his part to proceed with his company to San Antonio and report to the commanding officer of his regiment or senior officer of the same there present, pledging himself that his offices and men will observe strictly the terms agreed upon by said commissioners on the part of the State of Texas, and General Twigs on the part of the Army.

H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commissioner, and Colonel Commanding

Northwestern Frontier of Texas.

S. D. CARPENTER,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding Company H.

HEADQUARTER DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, March 23, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith sundry letters, &amp;c., Nos. from 1 to 7, in relation to the seizure and retention of the sum of $30,000, which Thomas M. Jones, late lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, brought from New Orleans for the payment of the troops.

The inclosed papers give a full account of the transition, and show the demands I made for the recovery of the money. The letter make 7 is the only written communication I have received from the commissioners on this subject. I understand that in several instances where the sutlers at the posts have paid the troops, the commissioners have refunded the amount so advanced. These are the payments, I presume, to which they allude. Their retaining the money, and making the payments themselves, is for the purpose of securing any balance of the $30,000 which may remain. It is not probable that they will pay out move than three or four thousand dollars.

Major Maclin now holds an appointment under the State of Texas, and has, I believe, taken the oath of allegiance to that State. I am informed that he entered on duty as Chief of Ordnance on the 4th instant.

I also inclose a copy of a letter from Captain A. W. Reynolds, assistant quartermaster, by which it will be seen that the commissioners have returned a portion of the money they seized when they took possession of his office. The amount retained by them is $2,943, as shown by the receipt, [No. 8.]

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 21. San Antonio, February 9, 1861.

I. First Lieutenant Thomas M. Jones, Eighth Infantry, aide-de-camp, will proceed to New Orleans, La., to receive from the Treasury Department,

