
on a draft of Paymaster S. Maclin, such amounts of moneys as the draft may demand. The pressing duties of Paymaster Maclin will not permit him to leave the station at this time. When he has received the money, Lieutenant Jones will return without delay.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brevet Major-General Twigs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, March 4, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: I have been informed that Lieutenant Jones, Eighth Infantry, who was sent to New Orleans for funds to pay the troops, arrived here yesterday with $30,000, and that it has been seized by an armed force acting under your direction, and is now in your possession.

My views in relation to the seizure and retention of moneys belonging to the United States are fully expressed in my communication of the 21st ultimo, to which you are respectfully referred. This case, however, presents some different features. The funds alluded to did not arrive within the limits of the State of Texas until the 24th ultimo, several days after the agreement entered into by General Twiggs to deliver up the public property, &amp;c., was signed and went into effect. That agreement is limited strictly to the property then within the borders of Texas; consequently it cannot by any possible construction include money or property subsequently brought into the State.

I have, therefore, to require that the $30,000, above mentioned may be immediately returned to the United States authorities.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, Commanding Department.

Messrs. T. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners, &c., San Antonio, Tex.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., March 7, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Orders Numbers 21, from the headquarters of this department, dated February 9, 1861, I received from Major Sackfield Maclin a draft on the assistant treasurer in New Orleans for $30,000, and proceeded to that city and drew the specie upon it (viz, $10,000 in gold and $20,000 in silver). With much difficulty, there being many State troops on the roads leading into San Antonio, Tex., with orders to seize the money that I had, I arrived here with the money on the 3rd instant, and turned it, the $30,000, over to Major Sackfield maclin.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JONES,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

35 R R

