
[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, March 9, 1861.

MAJOR: On yesterday I received a communication from Lieutenant T. M. Jones, Eighth Infantry, reporting his return from New Orleans with $30,000, funds pertaining to the United States Pay Department, which he reports as having turned over to you on the 3rd instant. It is well known at these headquarters that this money was seized and is now held by the authorities of the State of Texas. I am directed by the colonel commanding the department to call upon you for a statement in writing of the circumstances connected with the act of seizure of the funds in question by the authorities above cited.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major S. MACLIN,

Paymaster, U. S. Army, San Antonio, Tex.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, March 12, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: On the 4th instant I addressed a communication to you in relation to the seizure and detention of $30,000, lately brought from New Orleans by Lieutenant Jones, Eighth Infantry, for the payment of the troops in this department, but have received no answer.

Companies will arrive here almost daily, which, I understand, will have large sums due them, and the detention of the guns will be great injustice to the soldiers - a class of creditors that has as strong claims for payment as any other. My views in relation to your right to seize and retain money belonging to the United States have been fully expressed in former communications, and I will here only renew the demand made in my letter of the 4th instant, and express the hope that you will immediately place the funds above referred to in the hands of a disbursing officer of the Pay Department, who will become accountable to the United States Treasury for the same.

Major Maclin having resigned, Major McClure is the proper person to receive the money and make the proper disbursements.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Messrs. THOS. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners, &amp;c.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., March 18, 1861.

SIR: On the 16th instant I had the honor of receiving Major W. A. Nichols' (assistant adjutant-general) note of the 9th instant, and which is as follows:

[Copy of inclosure No. 4 inserted.]

