
magazine stores In the Iron battery, Orderly sergeant Bissell aimed many a capital shot at the casemates, and the two Sergeants Webb at the paper. Bissell crippled the gun of the left casemate, bearing directly upon the Iron battery, and Seg. L. S. Webb dismounted the 10-inch columbiad upon the parapet. Second Sergeant Bissell and mr. Farelly also made some good shots. At the 42-pounders Sergeant Drownfield, Corporals Rhett, Wright, and Dwyer distinguished themselves as gunners. At the mortar battery Sergeant Gaillard, Corporals Robinson, Zalam, Brailijon, and Rhett did good service as gunners. Captain Stephen Elliott, of the Beaufort Artillery, was present during the action on the 12th instant, and aimed several good shots.

On the same day when columbiad Numbers 2 was silence din consequence of the serious accident referred to above, to repair the damage it became necessary to send forthwith to Charleston to procure the proper materials and implements. Privates Touche, Crakseys, and Alrains volunteered to go in an open boat, under heavy fire from Fort Suter and Fort Johnson. They went, and succeeded in accomplishing their errand. A sand bag on the first day of the engagement seriously interfered with the working of the windows of columbiad Numbers 1. Private Allison volunteered to extricate the troublesome impediment. While engaged in the performance of this important service a ball from on of the casemates of Fort Sumter passed directly over him, striking the iron shed. He removed the bag and returned to his post.

The sang-frond of Mr. Lining, the judge-advocate of the Seventeenth Regiment,w ho served as a private during the engagement, has already received employ commendation in the public prints. I can vouch for the truth of the incident, having been an eye witness. (Please incorporate the report of the Courier in relation to the circumstance.)

The appointment of the Palmetto Guard to the occupation of Fort Sumter for one night was the highest compliment ever bestowed upon any volunteer corps in the history of our State, and that event will always be held by them in grateful remembrance. Upon reaching the stronghold, however, their labors were not yet finished. I wish to take no laurels from the brows of the members of the fire-engine companies of Charleston, but truth requires that I should state that, from the moment of their being disbanded within the walls of the fort the Palmetto Guard worked incessantly at the engines until after midnight.

A proper respect for the memory of the dead, as well as the desire to put on record a noble act, induces me recoin the following fact: Immediately before the departure of the Palmetto Guard for Fort Sumter, Sergeant Webb, Corporal Robinson, and Private Mackay placed a neat na appropriate head-piece over the grave of the unfortunate how, the first victim of the sad explosion which took place while Major Anderson was engaged ins alluding his flag. The performance of this sacred duty did credit to their generous hearts, and proved that Carolina chivalry exists only in combination with a spirit of reverence and magnanimity. I am proud of the opportunity of stating that all of the members of the company conducted themselves nobly and bravely in the fight. Nor will those whose names have not been mentioned in this report object to the particular honorable notice of their gallant comrades.

Statement of ammunition expended upon Fort Sumter from the Iron battery: Shell, 60; solid shot, 183.

Ammunition expended from the other batteries of Cummings Point: Mortars, 197 shell; 42-pounders, 33 solid-shot, 3 grape-shot; rifled cannon, 11 shot, 19 shell.

