
all the troops arrive which are to sail in the Star of the West, and as I am fully instructed from department headquarters, neither of which can be before Monday, I will order the force from here to report to you.

I made arrangements for your command to take the Empire City, but as a complement for her arrived while waiting for you, and in uncertainly about your coming, I was obliged to dispatch her.

Yours, very respectfully,

LARKIN SMITH,

Brevet Major, and Captain Eighth Infantry.

Major C. C. SIBLEY, Commanding Detachment, Third Infantry.

[Inclosure B.]

SALURIA, TEX., April 26, 1861.

To the authorities of the Confederate States of America:

We do solemnly swear that we will not bear arms against the Confederate States of America, nor in any way give aid and comfort to the United States against the Confederate States during the existence of the war between the said United States and Confederate States, unless we shall, be duly exchanged for other prisoners of war, or until we shall be released by the President of the Confederate States. In consideration of this oath, it is understood that we are free to go wherever we may see fit.

------

,

------

.

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, Commanding Confederate Troops.

[Inclosure C.]

ABOARD SCHOONER URBANA,

At Sea, May 1, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with verbal directions from you, I left the command on the 24th of April, then on two schooners anchored just within the bar of Passo Caballo, and with a party of two non-commissioned officers and twenty-three privates, under the command of Captain A. W. Bowman, of the Third U. S. Infantry, proceeded to the wharf at Powderhorn. We left the command in the morning in the steamer Fashion, and arrived in the afternoon at the wharf at Powderhorn. Captain Bowman told me nothing as to what his orders were, but shortly after arriving at Powderhorn he directed me to proceed, in company with Lieutenant Whipple, to Lavaca, and endeavor to secure the brig Mystic, which brig had already been hired for the transportation of the command by Lieutenant Whipple, but for some cause had been kept back.

Lavaca is distant from Powderhorn sixteen miles. We left at about 6 in the evening and returned at about 12 the same night, without being able of effect anything, definite, and I learned afterwards that the brig had been seized by a band of armed men, although at that time I knew it not.

On my return to the Fashion, at about 12 at night, I was informed of the existence of a rumor that our command was to be taken prisoners. I could not find the origin of the rumor satisfactory, and on consideration of the compact between the State of Texas and General Twiggs concerning the exit of the United States troops from the State, I thought the rumor an idle one. Nevertheless, willing to err on the safe side, if at all, I determined to get up steam on the Fashion and return down the

