
bay to the schooners. On examination I discovered that the fireman and all the hands of the steamer, as well as the engineer, had left the boat. Early the next morning I discovered a steam propeller coming down the bay, and when it came nearer I discovered that it was filled with men, surrounded by a barricade of cotton bales. I immediately informed Captain Bowman of this fact. The steam propeller came down to the pier-head below where we were fastened, and made fast. Shortly after, a party of men, consisting of one hundred, or more, came to the shore end of the pier. Captain Bowman left the steamer and went on shore. After remaining on shore about two hours or more, he returned with a paper containing a written agreement, by which the troops on the steamer were to deliver up their arms and surrender themselves "prisoners of war," to be at liberty to go where they chose, after swearing not to bear arms against the "Confederate States of America," during the now existing war between the Confederate States and the United States, unless exchanged or released. I immediately had the arms stacked, and read the agreement to the men of the command; told them they were at liberty to leave the vessel and go where they chose, as far as I was concerned, and left the ship myself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. GREENE,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Infantry.

Major C. C. SIBLEY,

Third Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

No. 14. Report of Corporal John C. Hesse, Company A, Eighth U. S. Infantry, of the rescue of the colors of his regiment, at San Antonio, Tex.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 6, 1864.

SIR: Believing that I am entitled to receive a "medal of honor," as provided by the resolution of Congress under date of July 12, 1862, to provide for the presentation of medals of honor to enlisted men of the Army and volunteer forces who have distinguished or may distinguish themselves in battle during the present war, I have the honor to make the following statement:

At the outbreak of the rebellion the headquarters of the Eighth U. S. Infantry were stationed at San Antonio, Tex. I was a corporal of Company A of that regiment, and detailed as clerk at its headquarters. On the 23rd of April, 1861, the officers and a few enlisted men at that time present at San Antonio were taken prisoners by the rebel troops under the command of Colonel Van Dorn. All the officers, with the exception of Lieutenant Edward L. Hartz, adjutant Eighth Infantry, left a few days afterwards for the States. A few days subsequent, upon going to the former office of the regimental headquarters, the building being then in possession and under control of the rebels, I met there Lieutenant Hartz and Serg. Major Joseph K. Wilson, Eighth Infantry (now second lieutenant, Eighth Infantry). Our regimental colors being in the office, Lieutenant Hartz proposed to us to take the colors from the staffs, conceal them beneath our clothing, and try to carry them off. We did so. I took the corn color which the regiment had carried through the Mexican war, put it around my body under my shirt and blouse, and passed out of the building, which was strongly

