
The staff officers are doing all that can be done without money to keep their respective departments in working condition, but very soon everything must stop, unless money is received. Small sums have been borrowed from individuals from time to time, but it is now becoming absolutely necessary that the staff officers should be provided with funds.

Colonel Reeve's command (prisoners of war) are now quartered in this city, but I shall move them into camp in a few days. They are quite an expense to us. Will you please give me some general rules in regard to the allowances, &amp;c., of prisoners of war?

I do not know whether or not it was the intention of the War Department that I should be continued in command in Texas. I have executed my orders in regard to the capture of the United States troops, and, at the same time that I do not wish to be considered as skirmishing from any duty that may be imposed upon me in time like these, I must say that I would prefer being where I might have active service, suitable to my age and inclinations. My duties here now are entirely in the office, where an order man would be infinitely more efficient than myself.

Very respectfully, general, I am your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Montgomery, Ala.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN TEXAS,

No. 8. San Antonio, Tex., May 24, 1861.

I. Two lines of defense for the western frontiers of Texas are hereby established: the first line to extend from Red River to the junction of the North and Main Conchas; the second line from Fort Inge to Fort Bliss. The first line will embrace the following military stations, viz: A camp on or near Red River, opposite Forts Cobb and Arkuckle, Ind. T.; Camp Cooper, Fort Chadbourne, Camp Colorado, and camp at the junction of the North and Main Conchas. The second line will embrace the following military stations, viz: Fort Bliss, Fort Quitman, Fort Davis, Camp Stockton, Fort Lancaster, Fort Clark, Fort Inge, and Camp Wood. The first line will be garrisoned by the First Regiment of Texas Mounted Riflemen and Edgar's battery of artillery, and will be commanded by Colonel McCulloch. The second line will be garrisoned by the Second Regiment of Texas Mounted Riflemen, Teel's company of artillery. McCallister's company of infantry, and a battery of artillery, and will be commanded by Colonel Ford.

II. For the present the following assignment of troops is ordered, viz: First line, four companies of cavalry and Edgar's battery of artillery at the camp at or near Red River; two companies of cavalry at Camp Cooper; two companies of cavalry at Fort Chadbourne; and two companies of cavalry at the junction of the North and the Main Conchas. A detachment of cavalry from Fort Chadbourne, to consist of one lieutenant and twenty men, will be stationed at Camp Colorado, and the same number from the camp on the Concha will be stationed at Fort Mason.

[NOTE.-The above dispositions for the first line will be made by Colonel McCulloch upon his return from the expedition upon which he has been ordered.] Second line, two companies of cavalry, Teel's company of artillery, and McCallister's company of infantry at Fort Bliss; one company of cavalry at Fort Davis; one company of cavalry at Camp Stockton;

