
[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., May 27, 1861.

COLONEL: Copies of your communications to the governor and your letter to me were duly received.* I am very much pleased with all you have done on your line. I herewith inclose you a copy of General Orders, No. 8, from these headquarters, wherein you will see the disposition of your regiment and your assignment to command. You will perceive that your command extends from Fort Bliss to Fort Inge, "and, until the regiment of infantry is completely organized, "as far as Brazos Santiago. The battery of artillery will be sent to Fort Inge as soon as it can be got in readiness. You had better send the artillery horses now with you to Inge, as they are better adapted to that service than any of those I could have selected here from the cavalry horses. Please order all the cavalry horses and equipments turned over by the United States troops on the Rio Grande to San Antonio. Please also designate some officer of experience and discretion to receipt for all the property turned over by the State to the Confederate States at Fort Brown and Brazos Santiago, and direct him to make a complete return of the same to the chief of the staff, Major Maclin, C. S. Army. Please do the same at each one of the posts of your command.

Within a short distance of El Paso or Fort Bliss there are several hundred United States troops. I have, therefore, ordered four companies there. There are five or six pieces of artillery at Forts Davis, Quitman, and Bliss, which I have ordered to Fort Bliss. It may be found practicable to capture the United States troops. You will perceive that you are authorized to concentrate the troops on your line of defense. If the United States troops could be surprised, they could be easily taken. If they heard of your designs, they could get out of your reach by falling back into New Mexico too far to be pursued. It is possible for them to retake Fort Bliss and all the public property before our troops can reach there.

I was very much pleased to know that you were cultivating friendly feelings with our neighbors over the river. I think it is our policy to do so, especially at this time. In regard to Cortinas, you will have a force soon that will enable you to crush him and his followers without trouble. I do not feel much apprehension from such a source when we have so many young men now in arms and eager for a fight.

I hardly anticipate any trouble at Brazos Santiago now. It is too near the yellow-fever season for our enemies of the North to venture any move in that quarter. They will not do so until fall. You will not discourage your command, of course, by giving expression to the opinion. You will select your point for headquarters. I suggest Fort Clark as the most central point on your line and most convenient to these headquarters.

You will perceive that I have ordered no company to Fort Quitman, although it is mentioned as one of the posts on your line. When everything is settled at Fort Bliss you can direct one of the companies there to garrison it. Forts Clark, Inge, and McIntosh, and Camp Wood are so near Fort Duncan that it is hardly necessary to garrison that post. It is completely enveloped. I would be pleased if you will inspect your line of defense at once, and make such suggestion as may be necessary. Before leaving Fort Brown please muster into the service

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

37 R R

