
He has labored hard in suggesting and urging proper measures to vindicate the laws and protect the property of the United States without waging was or acting offensively against any State or community. All such suggestions, though long since made in good time to have been peaceably and efficiently carried out, have failed to secure the favorable attention of the Government.

The President has listened to him with due friendliness and respect, but the War Department has been little communicative. Up to this time he has not been shown the written instructions of Major Anderson, nor been informed of the purport to those more recently conveyed to Fort Moultrie verbally by Major Buell.

Probably the policy of the Government in regard to the forts and depots within the limits of seeding State will have been clearly indicated before events can have caused a practical issue to be made up in Texas.

The General does not see at this moment that he can tender you any special advice, but leaves the administration of your command in your own hands, with the laws and regulations to guide, in the full confidence that your discretion, firmness, and patriotism will effect all of good that the sad state of the times may permit. He adds his best wishes for your health and happiness; which are cordially shared by

Yours, very truly and respectfully,

GEORGE W. LAY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, January 2, 1861.

(Received January 16, 1861.)

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. of the Army, New York:

SIR: Texas will certainly go out of the Union the latter part of this month. I respectfully ask instructions as to what disposition will be made of the troops now in this department. There is no time to lose; arrangements should be made at once in regard to them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Bvt. Major General U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, January 7, 1861.

(Received January 26, 1861.)

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. of the Army, New York:

COLONEL: I wrote a few days since to the headquarters of the Army asking instructions in the event of this State seceding from the Union; that event is certain. I do not think the end of the present month will find her in the Union. I respectfully ask for instructions. The crisis is that approaching and ought to be looked in the face. What disposition is to be made of the public property and the troops now in this department?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Bvt. Major General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

