HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 4, 1861.

Colonel C. A. WAITE, U. S. Army:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to write you as follows: To relieve Brevet Major-General Twiggs, you were put in orders the 28th ultimo to command, according to your brevet rank, the Department of Texas. Instructions followed three days later for sending the five companies of artillery on the Rio Grande to Brazos Santiago, there to be embarked in a steamer (ordered hence to meet them), with their batteries complete, leaving their horses, for sale or other service, behind. If necessary, the artillery companies will be replaced by detachments of infantry, unless Texas should, in the mean time, have declared herself out of the Union.

In the latter case you will wait for instructions respecting the disposition of the troops (other than the artillery) under your command and the public property in their hands, which you will hold and preserve.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 4, 1861.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The secession ordinance of this State was passed on the 1st instant; it is referred back to the people to be voted on or approved on the 23rd February, when the secession will be complete.

I send Lieutenant Washington, my aide-de-camp, to Washington for instructions as to what dispositions will be made of the troops in this department. I will endeavor to retain the clothing and provisions for the troops and the transportation than will be necessary to remove them. Some steps ought to be made at once, as the troops occupy a frontier of some 1,000 or 1,200 miles, and some time will be required to remove them. What will be done with the archives for the department?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Bvt. Major General U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 16. San Antonio, February 4, 1861.

* * * * *

2. Company A, First Infantry, on temporary duty in this city, will return without delay to its station, Camp Verde.

* * * * *

4. In compliance with instructions from the headquarters of the Army, Bvt. Colonel Robert E. Lee, Second Cavalry, is relieved from duty in this department, and will repair forthwith to Washington and report in person to the General-in-Chief.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

