
or, if time has not permitted you to receive them, then under these instructions, you will embark at Brazos Santiago, on the steamer you will find there in readiness, and proceed, first, to Fort Jefferson to land Companies L and M, First Artillery, next to Fort Taylor to land Companies F and K, and which the steamer will proceed to New York with the remaining company (M, Second Artillery), to take post temporarily at Fort Hamilton. The light batteries will bring their guns, but leave their horses. Recruits will be sent in the steamer to fill up the companies to re-enforce the garrison of Forts Jefferson and Taylor to the maximum standard. The General expects you to use the utmost dispatch in getting all the troops to the seaboard and on board the steamer. Major F. J. Porter, assistant adjutant-general, goes out in the steamer to expedite the movement and execute the instructions of the General-in-Chief. He will have funds to pay the means of transportation, &amp;c.

A medical officer will accompany the troops to Fort Jefferson, where he will relieve Surg. A. N. McLaren, and the latter officer will continue on duty with Company M, Second Artillery.

The General-in-Chief further directs that you take command of the five companies according to your brevet rank.

I have, &c.,

L. THOMAS.

P. S.-February 11.-In case any infantry companies embark on the steamer they will also receive orders to proceed to New York.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 8, 1861.

Bvt. Major F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City:

SIR: The General-in-Chief authorizes you to give, in his name (should any extraordinary circumstances demand), additional orders to execute his instructions withdrawing the five companies of artillery now on the Rio Grande.*

Circumstances of an extraordinary character may arise in case the State of Texas shall declare herself out of the Union, or from the failure of proper orders reaching Forts Brown and Duncan. In the latter case you are authorized to secure the public property at those posts, or placing it in charge of ordnance sergeants or agents of the Quartermaster's Department.

You are authorized to take to the Brazos, for security to the vessel and funds in your possession, a portion of the recruits assigned to the future garrisons of Forts Taylor and Jefferson.

Lieutenant Collins, Topographical Engineers, will communicate with you at Indianola, and receive from you his orders of route or od delay, if useful, in returning here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Thomas to French, February 7, p.587.

---------------

