
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

No. 3. San Antonio, February 9, 1861.

Commanding officers of posts will transmit, without delay, to these headquarters inventories of the munitions of war at their posts, except master's stores on hand.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 25. San Antonio, Tex., February 14, 1861.

Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters of the Army, dated January 31, 1861, received to-day, the following movements of troops will take place:

I. Companies F, K, and L, First Artillery, at Fort Duncan, Company M, First, and Company M, Second Artillery, at Fort Brown, will march, immediately upon receipt of this order, for Brazos Santiago, at which place a steamer has been directed to be in readiness to receive them for transportation out of Texas. The light companies will take their guns, ammunition, and equipments, with them, but will leave their horses on embarkation. The other companies will move with their arms and ammunition, and all the companies with such camp equipage as can be transported by the means within their command.

II. Companies C and E, Third Infantry, will move to Fort Brown without delay, to replace the garrison ordered out to Texas, and will take charge of the artillery horses of Companies K, First, and M, Second Artillery, for which purpose details from each company will be made.

III. Company B, Third Infantry, will repair at once to Fort Duncan, and relieve the present garrison of that station.

IV. The troops from Fort Duncan will carry provisions as far as Fort Brown.

V. The transportation will be taken from the means at the posts from which the movements will be made.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 15, 1861. (Received March 1.)

Colonel C. A. WAITE,

First Infantry, Commanding Dep't of Texas, San Antonio:

SIR: In the event of the secession of the State of Texas, the General-in-Chief directs that you will, without necessary delay, put in march for Fort Leavenworth the entire military force of your department.

Preliminary thereto, you will at once concentrate the troops in sufficient bodies to protect their march out of the country at central points on the proper lines of march. The following stations now occupied seem to be best adapted for the purpose:

1. Fort Stockton, on the overland mail route, where it is joined by the stage route from San Antonio, for the posts of Camps Hudson and Lancaster, Forts Davis, Quitman, and Bliss-a rendezvous of ten companies of infantry.

