
there. I cannot bring it to this post at present from the want of transportation, and under all the circumstances of the case, and upon consultation with Captain Stoneman and those officers in whose judgment I have confidence, I have determined to destroy these stores. I have not time to write you officially, but this steamer brings us intelligence (unofficial) that a steamer has been sent to withdraw the artillery command; and to insure our communication we must have the control of Brazos Santiago. There is also a rumor that a command of Texas troops is on its march from Indianola, and it is prudent not to scatter my command; and if the ordnance stores at Brazos are destroyed or rendered unserviceable, there will be no necessity of retaining a detachment at that point.

Truly, yours,

B. H. H.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 31. San Antonio, February 23, 1861.

* * * * *

2. Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, will point out to Mr. W. G. M. Samuel, authorized agent of the commissioners on behalf of the Convention of the People of Texas, the public property lately in his possession, which was forcibly seized and in now held by troops of the State of Texas acting under the orders of the said commissioners, in order that correct inventories of the same may be made.

3. The officers of the Quartermaster and Commissary Departments will point out to Mr. James Duff, authorized agent of the commissioners in behalf of the Convention of the people of Texas, the public property lately in their possession, which was forcibly seized and is now held by a body of armed Texans acting under the orders of the said commissioners, in order that correct inventories of the same may be made.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 24, 1861.

[No address.]

SIR: Information has reached these headquarters that three of the companies of the Eighth Infantry which have been serving in the Department of New Mexico (and by recent orders transferred to this department) have not left that department. In view of the present position of matters connected with this State, of which you have all the requisite information, I am directed by the commanding officer of this department to request that you will immediately communicate with the commanders of those companies, and direct them not to come within the limits of the State of Texas, but to remain within the limits of the Territory of New Mexico until they shall receive orders from higher authority. Please furnish the commander of the Department of New Mexico with a copy of this communication, and also each company commander herein referred to.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R

