SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 32. San Antonio, February 24, 1861.

The commissioners on the part of the State of Texas having turned over to the Quartermaster's Department twenty-six wagons and teams for the movement of the troops on the line above Fort Clark, those posts, viz, Fort Bliss, Fort Quitman, Fort Davis, Fort Stockton, Fort Lancaster, and Camp Hudson, will be evacuated by their garrisons in the following manner: The most remote garrison will move first, and the garrison of each succeeding post two days after the passage of the command which precedes it. They will direct their march upon Indianola, where transports will be in readiness for their embarkation. The troops will march with their arms and ammunition, the necessary clothing and camp equipage, and, as the means of transportation are limited, no extra baggage will be allowed. Lieutenant Henry W. Freedley, Third Infantry, is appointed acting assistant quartermaster of the train. Special instructions will be given to him. Agents on the part of the State will be sent up to the several posts to receive the public property.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 35. San Antonio, February 26, 1861.

1. No enlistments will be made during the stay of the troops in this department. This prohibition does not apply to re-enlistments.

2. Should any of the troops on the lines about Fort Masom be found above that post in march for the coast, they will halt at that station and will immediately report the fact to these headquarters.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT MASON, TEX.,February 27, 1861.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Adjutant-General, &amp;c., San Antonio, Tex.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to po orders, I forwarded General Orders, No. 5, of February 18, 1861, and the circular of the commissioners, to Camp Colorado on the 21st instant, by a corporal and three privates.

When about twenty miles from this post, they were taken prisoners by the State troops, under command of Captain A. B. Burleson, the orders opened and read, the men dismounted, and made to walk about sixty miles out of their way, their horses being ridden by some of Captain Burleson's men.

Captain Burleson then through it advisable to send the orders forward. Accordingly, he released the corporal and one private and ordered them to proceed to Camp Colorado; he, however, detained two privates as prisoners for several days, sending one of their horses to Austin, ridden by one of his men, on express.

After detaining the two men for several days, he released them. The entire party reached this post late last night.

I inclose copies of letters received from Colonel McCulloch and Captain

