
Captain J. H. King, First Infantry, will perform the duties of quartermaster and commissary of the command at Green Lake until relieved by an officer who will soon be detailed for that purpose.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT,

No. 5. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 1, 1861.

The following order is published for the information of the Army:

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 1, 1861.

By the direction of the President of the United States, it is ordered that Brigadier General David E. Twiggs, major-general by brevet, be, and is hereby, dismissed from the rendered, on the 18th of February, 1861, on the demand of the authorities of Texas, the military posts and other property of the United States in his department and under his charge.

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 41. San Antonio, March 5, 1861.

The garrisons of the following-named posts will march for the coast, via San Antonio, as soon as they receive the requisite means of transportation, viz: Fort Inge, Camp Wood, Fort Mason, Camp Colorado, Fort Chadbourne, and Camp Cooper. Upon arriving at Green Lake, some twenty miles from Indianola, the troops will find a camp established, where they will remain until the transports are ready for their embarkation. It is desirable that sufficient provisions and forage be taken to last to that point. If the means of transportation will not permit, re-course, must be had to the several posts on the line of march.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 44. San Antonio, March 8, 1861.

* * * * *

2. The garrisons of Fort Davis and Fort Stockton will not commence the march for the coast until the arrival of the troops and trains from Fort Quitman and Fort Bliss.

* * * * *

4. The garrison of Fort Clark and Fort Duncan, and I Company, Second Cavalry, Captain Brackett, will march for the coast, via San Antonio, as soon as they receive the requisite means of transportation. Upon arriving at Green Lake, some twenty miles from Indianola, the troops will find a camp established, where they will remain awaiting the arrival of the transports. Sufficient provisions and forage will be taken

