
a foothold in that State till the question of secession on her part be definitely settled her own people, and, second, in case of conflict between them, to give such aid and support to General Houston or other head of authority in the defense of the Federal Government as may be within your power, without imminent peril to your command or to some considerable portion thereof.

This restriction alludes to advances and co-operation in the interior too far for a probable safe return to your base of operations, but it is not intended to prevent you from taking reasonable war risks in order to afford the permitted support.

You will communicate as freely as practicable with General Houston or other leader of the Union party, and comply with his wishes or suggestions, if practicable within the above restriction; of which you, on your responsibility, will be the judge.

A field battery and some heavier guns, together will subsistence and other necessaries, will be sent to you as your wants may become known. For the use of your quartermaster and commissary of subsistence there will be disposed in time to your credit, with the assistant treasurer, New York, fifty thousand dollars, which you will draw out as may be needed by those disbursing officers.

It is expected that you will lose no opportunity of communicating with the Adjutant-General everything of interest that may occur to your command or in connection with these instructions.

With great confidence in your zeal, energy, and judgment, I remain, yours, respectfully,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

P. S.-If on the receipt of this duplicate it should be well known that neither Governor Houston nor any other executive authority of Texas has any considerable number of men up in arms in defense of the Federal Government that State (and you may detain the steam transports some days for satisfactory information on this point), you will consider the foregoing instructions as withdrawn; all except what relates to the two companies to be landed for the occupation of the barracks on Key West.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, March 23, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, New York City:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the General-in-Chief that I arrived here and assumed command of this department on the 22nd instant. I feel it to be my first duty to call his attention at once to the condition of affairs which I find existing throughout this Territory. The expeditions against the Navajos have caused the loss of a very large portion of the means of transportation, and the secession of the State of Texas has involved an additional heavy loss to this department of subsistence stores, of transportation, and of funds.

By the mail of to-day I have received a report from Major Isaac Lynde, commanding Fort McLane, a copy of which I inclose for the information of the General-in-Chief, and by the same mail I am informed of a plan laid by the people about Albuquerque to posses themselves of the Government stores at that depot. The people in every portion of the Territory are beginning to refuse to credit the Government. The troops are

