
Captain Granger's and Captain Wallace's companies, 141 persons; non-commissioned staff and band, First Infantry, 17 persons; Captain Jordan's company (D), Eighth Infantry, 45 persons; my company (A), Eighth Infantry, 52. Total, 455. This number may be increased ten by the detached men and laundresses on the way.

There will be no necessity for any company here from the departure of the Star of the West to the arrival of the companies of the Eighth Infantry from the upper posts; therefore I add my company. It may be necessary that an officer should remain to answer communications, &amp;c. I can stay. The company had better go with Captain Jordan to New York Harbor, where I have no doubt the second lieutenant is waiting for it; but as Lieutenant Jones is here there may be no necessity for my remaining, as there will be no other arrival of troops until the last come. I suppose it will be best to dispatch the Star of the West with the troops named above. I await your answer communicating the wishes of the colonel. I repeat, I am willing to remain myself. My company going will make so much more room in the last transport. The property will all be in the hired house, where I, Lieutenant Jones, ad the non-commissioned officer employed by him, can look after it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Brevet Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, April 22, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters of the Army, New York:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state, for the information of the General-in-Chief, that I have sent messengers to the Comanches, informing them of my willingness to meet them in council and to consider terms of pease.

They are very desirous of living in peace with the people of this Territory, and have sent in many messages to that effect; and, as the Texans are now said to be treating with them, I have thought it best for the interests of this department to listen to their propositions, and to suspend, for the present, operations against them.

In any agreement I shall make with these savages I shall stipulate for the exemption of the people of Texas from their incursions.

I inclose herewith an extract from a report received by me from Lieutenant McRae, of the Rifles, on this subject.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &c.,

W. W. LORING,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, May 5, 1861.

Captain R. A. WAINWRIGHT, Ordnance Department, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: The department commander, not being able to meet the Comanche chiefs in council on the 12th instant, wishes you to represent him at the time and place appointed.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

