SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Numbers 86 1/2. Washington, May 17, 1861.

* * * *

2. The Fifth and Seventh Regiments of Infantry, and two companies of the Tenth Infantry now in New Mexico, and two companies of the Tenth Infantry at Fort Wise, will be put in march for Fort Leavenworth via Forts Wise and Larned, with as little delay as practicable. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Canby will accompany the battalion of the Tenth Infantry.

Colonel Loring will station the regiment of riflemen and four companies of dragoons, constituting the regular force to remain in the Department of New Mexico, at such points as in his judgment will best protect the interests of the United States. He will also assign to stations any volunteers who may be mustered into service and reported to him, under orders to be given by the War Department.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, May 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General, New York:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the campaign organized against the Mescalero Apaches by instructions from these headquarters of March 1, 1861, and place dander the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden, wa promptly and energetically conducted by that officer, and has been satisfactorily concluded. The Mescaleros have sued for pease, seem disposed to refrain from future hostilities against the settlements, and I have, therefore, suspended the further operations of the expedition, and relieved Colonel Crittenden from its command.

On the 13th instant a council was held with the Comanche chiefs near the Pecos River, in which the United States was represented by Captain R. A. Wainwright, U. S. Ordnance Corps, and the superintendent of Indian affairs, as commissioners, while six of the prominent chiefs of the Comanches, including their head chief, represented that tribe. It resulted in granting an armistice of ninety days to the Comanches, at the end of which time, if they conduct themselves peaceably, another council will be held with them with a view to making a treaty of peace.

There seems no reason to apprehend any immediate disorder in this Territory. The troops are subordinate and quiet, and if I can procure their payment at an early day I shall feel no apprehension of trouble with them.

The people of the Territory continue tranquil enough. There are rumors of proposed political movements, but I do not anticipate any serious outbreak or revolution.

Notwithstanding the instructions from the Paymaster-General to Major Seward, I have felt compelled to send him up to pay the troops at Fort Stanton.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

