
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., February 19, 1861.

Honorable JOHN PERKINS, Jr., Montgomery, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: Availing myself of your suggestion, I will trouble you with a few lines on a subject I consider important to our President. I have a confidential communication this morning from and old classmate in Texas, the commander of a fine battery of light artillery, in high condition. He is very anxious about his status; says he can and will bring over his whole command if it will be received. A large portion of the troops in Texas, he thinks, can be relied on in the same way; but their great fear is an attempt on the part of Texas to disarm them. Wound a soldier's honor in this way, and he will fight for it against his friends. Might they not be invited into our service? They consider their allegiance as gone, their obligations no longer binding.

We are getting on well in our organization, and strengthening our defenses rapidly; still we are not in condition for a war; but neihger are our enemies. A number of young officers of the regular Army are coming in, and our prudent governor is appointing them in preference. To get clear of bad subjects, who come well recommended, he allows me to bring them before a military board to be examined. the importance of this subject must excuse this hasty note, just as I am leaving to see the governor at Baton Rouge.

Yours, most respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, February 23, 1861.

To the DELEGATES from Texas to the Congress of the Confederate States:

GENTLEMEN: In response to the communication submitted by yo to the President in relation to the military complications in your State, he has instructed me to say that the appreciates the embarrassments of your position, and in his anxiety to remove them is disposed to assume every responsibility compatible with the relations of this Government to the State of Texas; but, as you are aware, this Government has no official notification of the secession of your State from the Government of the United States, and until this occurs, however hopeful the President may be of the result of thee reference of the action of your Convention to he popular vote, you will readily perceive that his Government could not assume formal jurisdiction over the questions submitted by you. The President, however, instructs me to say that he considers it due to international courtesy that that government of the Confederate States, Texas included, after her withdrawal from the United States, should accord to the troops belonging to the Government a reasonable time within which to depart from her territory. The probability is that the Government of the United States would not be inclined to keep these troops within your territory after the secession of your State. Should it be otherwise, the President does not hesitate to say that tall the powers of this Government shall be promptly employed to expel them.

Meantime it is considered by the President, under the circumstances, that it would be proper in the authorities of Texas to suspend any attack upon the forts, or other military occupations of the Government of the United States within her territory, as this Government is

