
In advance of the organization of the regular army, the Congress of the Confederate States have passed an act "to raise provisional forces," and to obviate the necessity of a detailed explanation of its provisions I herewith inclose you a copy of the act.

The regular army bill has been introduced info Congress, but will not pass for some days to one. But even if it wee now the law, the process of enlistment, as you are aware, is never rapid, and the necessities of you defenseless frontier demand instant action.

Under these circumstances, with the concurrence of the President, I have determined to request you to raise, without delay, a regiment of mounted riflemen, to be organized and received into the service of the Confederate States under the provisions of the act aforesaid; the regiment to consist of ten provisions of the act aforesaid; the regiment to consist of ten companies, and each company to be composed of not less than sixty nor more than eighty men.

This communication will be handed to you by C. L. Sayre, acting assistant adjutant-general, who will muster the regiment into the service of the Confederate States according to the terms of their enlistment.

You will report to this Department. In the event it should not be agreeable to you to undertake the duties of the position hereby tendered, you are authorized and requested to designate some suitable person for that duty, and transfer this communication and accompanying act to him for his guidance, and report the fact to this Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 6, 1861.

Messrs. MAVERICK, LUCKETT, and DEVINE,

Commissioners on behalf of the Committee of Public Safety of the State of Texas:

GENTLEMEN: I have, in compliance with he wishes of the authorities of your State, authorized Major General Braxton Bragg, Louisiana Army, to extend every facility and courtesy, consistent with the safety of our State, to the United State troops in transit through Louisiana, by way of the Mississippi River. I take pleasure in stating to you that Major-General Twoggs, late commanding the Department of Texas, was recently welcomed to New Orleans with civic and military honors worthy of his bravery, his talents, and his long and very distinguished services.

I remain, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of the State of Louisiana.

GALVESTON, March 8, 1861.

Honorable W. H. OCHILTREE:

DEAR SIR: I deem it my duty, placed as I am by the Convention commandant of Galveston, to call to your attention the situation of the port. Should it become necessary to make a defense here we will find ourselves poorly prepared. We now have six 24-pounders, two siege and four battery guns, two howitzers, and two mortars, and about three hundred ball and shell, which were brought from Brazos Santiago. We may receive more of the same kind from there.

