
necessary to guard our frontier against the incursions of such an enemy. They must be brave, good housemen, acquainted with the country, and able to perform the most fatiguing service. They must be acquainted with the character and habits of the Indians, and always ready to mount the saddle and start in the pursuit the moment the trail of the enemy is discovered. The volunteer rangers of Texas possess all these requisites, and are better qualified for this service than any others whatever.

Permanent military posts on this line are wholly uselles. The troops should be kept constantly moving and on the lookout for the enemy. They should range the whole of this lien of frontier in small detachments, arranged in such a manner that a rapid concentration could be effected whenever necessary. Detachment of sufficient strength should be frequently sent high up the country to hunt out the Indians. We believe that this is the only mode in which this section of our frontier can be successfully defended against depredations.

On the third section no defenses are necessary, as our neighbors on that line are the highly-civilized an agricultural tribes of Choctaws and chickasaws, who are I friendship with Texas and the Confederate States.

The people on this second section have for years been terribly exposed to the depredations of the Indians. Numerous families and individuals have been murdered, and thousands of dollars' worth of property have been stolen and destroyed. The Government of the United States has not afforded anything like adequate protection. It is true that gallant officers and men have been stationed on the frontier, but they were entirely unable either to guard the country or follow up the Indians and chastise them. For such service regular infantry are wholly useless. In some instances the cavalry stationed on the frontier have met the Indians and chastised them. The destruction of life and property has been so great as almost to depopulate portions of the frontier, causing hundreds of families to abandon their homes.

The inattention of the United States Government for the last three or four years to the exposed condition f this portion of our people force the State government to take charge of the matter and expend an enormous sum of money in giving that protection which it was the duty of the Federal Government to afford. At this time the attention of the State authorities is especially directed to the subject. In consequence of the withdrawal of the United States troops the Indians have presented themselves in considerable bodies at various points. To guard against them the legislature of the State, now in session, has provided for the raising of a regiment of mounted riflemen of one thousand men, to be enrolled for one year, unless sooner discharged, to be put into the service at once. The officers and men are to furnish their won clothing, horses, &amp;c. The State is to arm and equip the officers and men, who are to receive the same pay as allowed in the Confederate States. Should the Confederate States receive the regiment as a part of their military force, it is to be subject to their orders and laws.

As the defense of the frontier belongs properly to the General Government, we respectfully suggest the propriety of receiving the regiment above referred to into the service as a part of the volunteer force allowed to be raised. We believe the force necessary, in addition to the regiment already ordered to be raised in Texas. The representatives of the people of Texas in the convention and legislature have declared it necessary by their action in ordering it to be raised. The acceptance of the

