HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, C. S. ARMY,Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1861.

SIR: We have the honor to submit the following report of our visit to Fort Sumter on the 13th instant for the information of the brigadier-general commanding:

After reporting to the general the execution of the orders with which we were charged for Morris Island, and in company with Colonel Wigfall reporting the surrender of Fort Sumter, and also its dangerous condition from the fire occasioned by the hot shot from Fort Moultrie, we proceeded, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, immediately to Southern Warf, where we embarked on board the steamer Osiris for Fort Sumter, accompanied by the chief of the city fire department, Mr. Nathan, with a fire engine and its company. On our arrival at Fort Sumter we were met by Dr. Crawford, surgeon of the fort, who directed us to avoid the wharf, as it was in danger of blowing up at any moment from its mines. The doctor conducted us into the presence of Major Anderson, on the opposite side of the fort from the wharf, we entering the fort through an embrasure. We found the barracks totally destroyed by fire, occasioned by our shells and hot shot. We stated to Major Anderson that we had been sent to Fort Sumter by General Beauregard with a fire engine, to offer assistance to extinguish his fire and to render any other assistance he might require, and also Surgeon-General Gibbes, of South Carolina, and assistants were present to administer to any wounded he might have. The major replied that he thanked the general for his kindness, but hat this fire was almost burned out, and that he had but one man wounded, and he not seriously. We asked him if the magazine was safe. He replied he thought the lower magazine safe, though it was amid the burning ruins, and that he had thrown about one hundred barrels of powder into the water from the upper magazine during the action, for the safety of his command. We again asked him if he did not think it best to use the engine which accompanied us on he steamer, which lay out in the stream. He replied no-that he thought everything had been consumed that would burn.

Major Anderson expressed great satisfaction when we told him that we had no casualties on our side, and again asked us to thank General Beauregard for his kindness; and, on leaving, the major accompanied us himself as far as our small boat. We returned to the city and reported the result of our visit to General Beauregard 7 p. m.

All of which is submitted for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

JAMES CHESTNUT, JR.,

JOHN L. MANNING,

Aide-de-Camp.

A. R. CHISOLM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Major D. R. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General Provisional Forces, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL, C. S. A.,Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1861.

MAJOR: On friday, April 12, we received orders from General Beauregard to carry dispatches to General Dunovant, commanding on Sullivan's Island. We were directed to communicate the purport of the dispatches, which were open, to Captain Martin, in command of the floating battery and the Dahlgren-bun battery; to Captain Hallonquist,

