
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 11, 1861.

His Excellency EDWARD CLARK, Governor of Texas:

SIR: Colonel Early Van Dorn proceeds to Texas, under instructions from this Department, authorized to call into the service of the Confederate States such portion of the volunteers or militia of Texas as may be deemed necessary to the execution of his orders. It is hoped that this action of the War Department will meet approbation and co-operation of your excellency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 11, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN, C. S., Army, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Texas with the least practicable delay, and there assume command. You are charged with the important duty of making the necessary arrangements to intercept and prevent the movement of the United States troops from the State of Texas, and for this purpose you are authorized to call into service such amount of volunteer force from Texas as may be necessary, in your judgment, to accomplish that object. The whole of the United States force, both officers and men, must be regarded as prisoners of war. Such of the men as may be disposed to join the Confederate State Army your are authorized to take into service; those not so inclined must be held as prisoners of war, at such place as may be judged to be most safe. The commissioned officers may be released on parole, and in special cases, of which you must judge, the men may be released on oath not to serve against the Confederate States.

The above instructions are given under the circumstances that hostility exists between the United States and Confederate States.

By direction of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN, C. S. Infantry, Austin, Tex.:

SIR: The following communication has been submitted to the Department of War by Honorable J. H. Reagan, Postmaster-General:

INDIANOLA, April 9, 1861.

Mr. J. H. REAGAN:

DEAR SIR: In stirring time slake these I deem it proper to advise you of the state of things here. The Mohawk, the Empire City, and the Crusader-I believe this to be the name of war vessels and sea transports lying at Saluria this morning. The Fashion, chartered by the United States Government, brought in about 12 o'clock to-day stores from the Empire City. There are nine companies concentrated here and at Green Lake, about twenty miles distant, for embarkation, mostly here. There is a strong wind blowing, which will prevent, till it ceases, their embarkation, and had already delayed it four days.

The Arizona is at Brazons with three hundred troops, which were embarked three days since of this place to join the troops here, but she is yet detained outside the bar by heavy weather.

