
in command of the enfilade battery and a masked mortar battery near the same spot; and to Colonel Ripley, in command of fort Moultrie-all of them posts on Sullivan's Island. We set out on our mission at 9 o'clock a. m. and proceeded in a boat to Mount Pleasant. After communicating with Captain Martin we reweld over to and landed on the floating Iron battery. We found Lieutenant yates actively engaged in returning the fire from Fort Sumter, which was then specially directed against his battery. The latter had been repeatedly hit, but had successfully resisted all the shot (32-pounders) which had struck it, with the exception of one, which had passed through the narrow, angular slope just below the roof.

After spending some time in this battery we proceed to the Dahlgren-gun battery, where Captain Hamilton was commanding in person. Both the floating battery and the Dahlgren gun were directing their special attention to the dismounting of such of the guns en barbette upon Fort Sumter as the batteries could be brought to bear upon. The fire from both batteries was effective and well sustained. We next visited Captain Hallonquist's enfilanding battery, which was doing some admirable shooting. After remaining here a short time we proceeded to Captain Hallonquist's mortar battery, and from thence to Fort Moultrie. Here we found an active, regular, well-sustained, and well-directed firing going on, which was being most vigorously returned by Fort Sumter. The quarters were pretty well ridden, and the finance for hot shot twice struck, but not materially inured.

After carefully watching the firing for some time we visited Captain Butler's mortar battery, where we found General Dunovant and delivered our dispatches. We then returned to Fort Moultrie, and after spending about na hour there proceeded back to the convey, where our boat was awaiting us, and touching at the floating battery for a communication for headquarters we rowed over once more to Mount Pleasant, for the purpose of delivering a message from Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley (by request) to Captain Martin. We then returned to the city, which we reached about half-past 4 p. m. and immediately reported verbally at headquarters to the brigadier-general commanding.

We cannot conclude our report without expressing the extreme pleasure and gratification which we felt at the coolness, spirit, skill, and alacrity which we witnessed at all points among the officers and men.

Very respectfully,

WM. PORCHER MILES,

JOHN L. MANNING,

Aides to Brigadier-General Beauregard.

Major D. R. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Provisional Forces, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY, C. S. A.,Charleston, April 15, 1861.

SIR: We have the honor to submit the following report of our visit to Fort Sumter on the 13th instant:

Informed about 1 o'clock that no flag was waving over Fort Sumter, General Beauregard detached us immediately to proceeded to the fort and say to Major Anderson that his flag going down and his quarters in flames we were sent to inquire if he needed any assistance. When about half-way from the city to Fort Sumter we observed that the United States flag had been raised again. At once we determined to go back to the city, but had not proceeded far in return when, discovering a white flag floating form the ramparts of Sumter, we again directed

