
regiment of State troops will be in the field furnished from the stores and supplies now under your control, but subject to the above-named requisitions.

In order to avid any conflict in the military command in the State the governor is exceedingly desirous that you should accept the above-named regiment into the service of the Confederate States. It will also avoid all complication of accounts, and give you full control of all the military stores and provisions lately in the possession of the State.

At one time the Government at Montgomery refused to accept the State regiment. At that time we were at peace. War now exists, and I assure you that from my long experience on the Rio Grande I believe we have every reason to fear that serious raids, similar to the Cortinas rais, will take place, all of which could be prevented by making use of this regiment.

Colonel Ford's regiment is partly in the field-three companies on the Rio Grande, i. e., Davidson's, Nolan's, and Littleton's; Walker's and Pyron's are here, and five more are to rendezvous here on the 10th of the month. This regiment was called into service under peculiar political state of affairs. They have entered the service at great inconvenience and sacrifice, and it wold be a great hardship were they not continued in service. Under these circumstance, if consistent with your views, I would recommend most earnestly that you receive them into the service of the Confederate States.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. M. LUCKETT,

Quartermaster and Commissary General, State of Texas.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

Numbers 3. San Antonio, Tex., May 3, 1861.

I. Colonel McCulloch, after putting his cavalry command in readiness for the field (which he will do without unnecessary delay), will march, with ten days' rations, and take position on the Leon, at or near the crossing of the road from San Antonio to Castroville, and await further orders.

II. Captains Wilcos, Duff, Navarro, Maverick, and Kampman will hold their companies in readiness to march at there hours' notice, with ten days' rations, and with baggage reduced to the smallest limit.

III. Captain Edgar will make means at once to put his battery of artillery in readiness for the field, and will then join the command of Colonel McCulloch, on the Leon.

IV. The companies of the State troops, under orders from the governor to report to Colonel Van Dorn, and on the march to San Antonio, will allow no unnecessary delay in reporting at these headquarters. They will receive instructions upon their arrival.

V. the quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation and camp equipage upon the usual requisitions, to enable the troops to march under the above orders. Each company will be allowed seve- tents.

The sick will be left in the hospital at San Antonio.

By order of Colonel E. Van Dorn:

W. T. MECHLING,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

