
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

Numbers 4. San Antonio, Tex., May 3, 1861.

The colonel commanding the troops in Texas acknowledges with pride the valuable services of the volunteers called out by his orders to arrest the United State troops at Indianola. With short notice they sprang to arms, and joined him at Victoria with a celerity amounting to eagerness, that twill ever stand as a proof that the State of Texas has nothing to fear from invasion from any quarter. With he fatigue of forced marches, night watches, exposure on the crowded decks of the transports in Lavaca and Matagorda Bays, and scanty provisions, there was no murmur of dissatisfaction and no unwillingness manifested to obey any order. The aged man and the youth without beard, the farther and his sons, the heroes of San Jacinto and the rangers who became veterans in the Mexican war, were seen side by side in the ranks, with face expressive of that determination to win or die that ever gives assurance of success, and which gave success.

The companies which reported at Victoria on the 23rd and 24th of April were--

Captain Hebert's company, Colorado; Captain Scarborough (Davis Gurads), De Witt; Captain McDowell, Lockhart; Captain A. c. Horton, Matagorda; Captain W. R. Friend, De Witt Rifels; Captain Hampton, Victoria; Captain Upton, Colorado; Captain Holt, Fort Bend; Captains Jones and Harris, Colonel De Witt's command, Gonzales; Captain Williams, Lavaca County; Captain Fulkrod, Goliad; Captain Kyle, Hyas County; Captain Stapp, Indianola; Captain Searcy, Colorado; Captain Phillips, Lavaca Town; Captain Finaly, Lavaca Town; Captain Pearson, Matagorda; Captain C. S. Olden, Texana; Captain Barktain Pearson, Matadore; Captain C. S. Olden, Texana; Captain Barkley, Fayette; Captain Gordon, Matagora County.

In addition to the above, there were many companies who reached Victoria too late to participate, and were turned back without reporting. nevertheless, they are entitled to all honor for their zeal and patriotism.

The command of Colonel H. E. McCulloch, consisting of five companies of cavalry, under Captain Pitts, Tobin, Ashby, Bogges, and Nelson, and the battery of light artillery, under Captain Egar, from San Antonio, made extra ordinary exertions to reach Victoria on the day specified for the rendezvous, for which the greatest praise is due them, and, although they were not enabled to reach Lavaca in time to participate in the maneuvers on the by (as the movement was made before the time appointed), the proved that they could be relied upon in any emergency.

The colonel commanding desires also to acknowledge the services of Judge Hawes, of Saluria,w ho promptly secured two pieces of artillery, unavoidably left on this wharf on the night the Star of the West was seized, and who tendered the hospitalities of his house during the drawing up of the arrangements between the commanding officer of the United States troops and the colonel commanding.

Captain Chubb, of the Royal Yacht, from Galveston, did material service in giving facilities of communication between the vessels int he bay, and afterwards in transporting arms and munitions of war (taken from the United States troops) to Indianola and to Galveston, free of charge, for which he also deserves, and has, the thanks of the colonel commanding.

Messrs. R. A. Howard and T. J. Ward, Captains Bradfute and Mechling, Captain Minter and Lieutenant Major, C. S. Army, acting as staff

