
their gallant opponents. There was no exultation over the surrender of the troops of the old Eighth Infantry. This would not be the case were the volunteers of Texas called out, under arms, to contend with an invading force sent against them from the North; far from it. There would then be no regrets, no affection, and no disparity of numbers, and "death to the foe and victory after the fight" would be the object and the aim of every true Texan.

Colonel Van Dorn feels proud of the command the President has assigned him. The troops to whom these commendations are due were H. E. McCulloch's command, consisting of Captains Pitts', Tobin's, Ashby's, Bogges', Nelson's, and Fry's companies, of McCulloch's regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Baylor; Captain Edgar's battery of light artillery; three small detachments of cavalry, under Captain Good, Lieutenants Paul and Dwyer, and a section of artillery under Captain Tell; and Lieutenant-Colonel Duff's battalion of infantry, consisting of Captains Wilcox's, Maverick's, Navarro's, Kampman's, and Prescott's companies, from San Antonio, Major John M. Carolan. Colonel Van Dorn is also indebted to the gentlemen who did him the honor to serve on his staff for the occasion: Colonel P. N. Luckett, Judge F. Tate, Judge T. J. Devine, General James Willie, Captain D. D. Shea, Dr. Fretwell, Captain W. T. Mechling, Messrs. R. A. Howard, J. T. Ward, D. E. Tessier, Major T. G. Howard, and Dr. H. p. Howard, and especially to Colonel J. A. Wilcox, and Captain J. F. Minter, and Lieutenant J. P. Major, C. S. Army, for the happy manner in which they executed their delicate mission to the commanding officer of the United States troops.

By order of Colonel Earl Van Dorn:

W. T. MECHLING,

Captain, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 14, 1861.

Colonel EARL VAN DORN,

Regiment of Cavalry, Commanding, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you cause to be sent to Dallas, Tex., with as little delay as practicable, one battery of field artillery of six pieces, including two howitzers, completely equipped, with horses, &amp;c., and a supply of ammunition for the same; also two thousand stand of arms, including Sharp's carbine and rifle, United States rifels, and Colt's pistols, with ammunition for the same. These supplies are understood to be in depot at San Antonio, and they are to be sent to Dallas in charge of Captain Bradfute, or in his absence some other capable officer of your command. The transportation of these stores, including the horses for the field battery, will be turned over at Dallas to the orders of General McCulloch.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

