
necessary to make known officially. I refer more particularly here to he rumored action taken by the governor of Arkansas to collect forces at Little Rock for the purpose of seizing the arsenal, and also to the views of his conduct and that of his friends and counsellors, taken by the city of Little Rock in its public meetings and the meetings of its council very recently.

I inclose a copy of my letter of transmittal of the 9th instant (inclosed then), with the copies of the original papers now forwarded. [Inclosure E.]

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

[Inclosure B.]

LITTLE ROCK ARSENAL,

Little Rock, Ark., February 6, 1861.

SIR: In the present trying circumstances by which the undersigned finds himself surrounded, as a Federal officer, he is anxious to learn officially from your excellency, before answering your demand s for the surrender of the U. S. Arsenal at this place, the following important points, viz:

1st. If this arsenal and all the minutions of war stored therein are left instant as at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. to-morrow, by the United States forces now in charge of them, will the governor of the States of Arkansas officially take charge of said arsenal and munitions of war in the name of the United States Government, and hold them in that light until future circumstances shall legally absolve him for the responsibility?

2nd. If the United States forces now garrisoning Little Rock Arsenal evacuate said post, and leave the monitions of war intact as at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. to-morrow, will the governor o the State of Arkansas officially guarantee to said forces an unmolested passage through the State in any direction the officer commanding said troops may elect, and guarantee, moreover, to said forces that right of carrying with them all the public and private property they brought with them to said arsenal, all which has been purchased for or by them, and all which has been sent to them since stationed at said arsenal, consisting of ordnance and ordnance stores, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and barracks and mess furniture, as also provisions and all their individual or private properly.

3rd. If the arsenal and monitions of war stored therein are left intact as at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. to-morrow, will the governor of Arkansas, in his official capacity, guarantee to the united States forces now in charge therefor the right of marching away from said place with hall the honor due to them as Federal officers and soldiers who do not surrender their trust, but simply evacuate a post for want of instructions from their superiors in office, and in doubt as to the propriety of bringing on civil war among their fellow-countrymen?

Explicit and entailed answers to each and every one of these questions will have great influence upon the undersigned in his answer to the communication of the governor of Arkansas, which is promised by 3 o'clock p. m. to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully,

JAMES TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Post.

His Excellency HENRY M. RECTOR, Governor of Arkansas.

