
One hundred and nineteen boxes [containing]--

40,000 .58 elongated-ball cartridges, percussion; 10,000 .58 rifle-musket blank cartridges, percussion; 20,000 Sharps' carbine-ball cartridges; 50,000 Colt's pistol-ball cartridges, R. B; 10,000 Colt's pistol blank cartridges.

J. MCKINSTRY, A. Q. M.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, February 12, 1861.

Numbers 3. Reports of Captain William W. Burns, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, of the seizure of subsistence stores at Pine Bluff, Ark.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 19, 1861.

[Major WAGGAMAN.]

MAJOR: Yours inclosing invoices of stores is received. The people of Arkansas are maddened by the seizure of their arms in Cincinnati, and I am assured by every one that these stores will be seized. I therefore start to-day down the river to meet them, hoping that I can get on the boat, and, by advising with the captain, avoid points and escape excitement. Please present the case to the general commanding, and send me the order of approval.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BURNS,

Captain and C. S.

NAPOLEON, ARK., April 21, 1861.

COLONEL: I received an invoice of stores (year's supply) from Major Waggaman on the 18th, and fearing, from information on the river, that some unauthorized person might interfere with them, I came down to meet them. On arriving at Little Rock I found military preparations made to intercept all boas loaded with U. S. stores. The steamboat Sky Lark had just passed, after having been boarded and the U. S. stores taken from her at Pine Bluff. I learned (from the paper and otherwise) that the Silver Lake, Numbers 2, would be seized if not taken at Pine Bluff (cannon were stationed for that purpose and cannoneers ready). I called upon some prominent citizens, heretofore Union men, who advised me to see the governor. I called, but did not find his excellency at home. I very soon discovered that the revolution was general. Troops were enrolling to march on Fort Smith. The steamboat I came down on was charted. When I arrived at Pine Bluff I found the Silver Lake, Numbers 2, tied up and strongly guarded. The crew had left, the stores were placed in different house in town, and the steamboat was to transport troops to Fort Smith.

I learned from Mr. Bell, the agent (I believe) of the governor, the he had instructions to cause the stores to be sent, to Little Rock, part of them to be used in the expedition to Fort Smith, for which 5,000 troops were called out.

I am on my way to Saint Louis to report to the commanding officer of department, and advise, in concurrence with Colonel Emory, that stores be sent at once from Leavenworth, via Forts Scott and Gibson, to Washita.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BURNS,

Captain and C. S.

Colonel JOS. TAYLOR, A. C. G. S., Washington, D. C.

