HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 22, 1861.

Brigadier-General HARNEY,

Commanding Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Stop the march of the troops from Fort Smith.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON CITY, March 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Our friends in Saint Louis desire that Captain Lyon may have the command of the troops at the Saint Louis Arsenal, and be charged with its defense, and that Major Hagner by required simply to take charge of the Ordnance Department. Captain Lyon ranks Major Hagner, and would have command of the troops except for the fact that Major Hagner is assigned to duty according to his brevet rank. I ask in behalf of our friends that this assignment may be rescinded and the command of the troops given to Captain Lyon.

Respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Co. W. H. EMORY,

First Cavalry, City of Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Instead of taking post at Fort Cobb, as directed in Special Orders, Numbers 40, of the 13th instant, the General-in-Chief directs that you repair without delay to Fort Washita, and that you give orders to Lieutenant Colburn, the adjutant, First Cavalry, to proceed to the same post with the regimental staff, band, and records.

The general further directs that you give orders for concentrating the troops now at Forts Cobb, Arbuckle, and Washita at or in the vicinity of the latter post, unless, in your judgment, the safety of the troops and the interests of the United States demand a different disposition.

The interests of the United States are paramount to those of the friendly Indians on the reservation near Fort Cobb, but good faith requires that notice shall be given them of the withdrawal of the troops, that they may have a chance to move temporarily to the vicinity of the posts to be occupied, for the purpose of protection against wanton attack from any quarter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., March 19, 1861.

Captain ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Fort Smith, Ark.:

Send the following by express to the commanders of Forts Washita, Arbuckle, and Cobb, and acknowledge by telegraph this dispatch:

The company of the First Infantry at Fort Arbuckle will forthwith proceed to Fort Washita.

