
my ears, I have been deprived of the legal right and of the authorized benefit of an answering argument to any he may have mad. This injustice to me, I am sure, cannot receive the sanction of the General-in-Chief; and I confidently appeal to him from such action inthe case as may secure me my full rights, as intended by law and regulation.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. V. HAGNER,

Brevet Major, Commander of Arsenal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., March 20, 1861.

Colonel T. THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 74, of the 13th instant, from the Adjutant-General's Office, assigning Captain N. Lyon, Second Infantry, to the command of the troops and defenses at the Saint Louis Arsenal, and to inclose a copy of the instructions I ave given with respect to that assignment. I trust the interpretation I have placed upon the order is in accordance with the views of the War Department upon the subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 74. Washington, March 13, 1861.

I. Captain N. Lyon, Second Infantry, the senior officer of the line present and on duty at Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo., is assigned to the command of the troops and defenses at that post.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., March 13, 1861.

Captain Numbers LYON,

Second Infantry, Commanding Troops at Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo.:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to address our as follows respecting the interpretation to be put upon paragraph 1 of Special Orders, Numbers 74, of the 13th instant, from the Adjutant-General's Office, assigning you to the command of the troops and defenses at the Saint Louis Arsenal, with a copy of which you have been furnished:

It is not supposed that in issuing that order the Secretary of war designed you should exercise any control over the operations of the Ordnance Department, and you will not, therefore, regard the officers and men of that branch of the service stationed at the arsenal as forming a portion of your command.

The arrangements heretofore made for the accommodation of the troops at the arsenal and for the defense of the place will not be disturbed

