
of cavalry and five of infantry, now at Forts Arbuckle and Cobb, in addition to the two companies of cavalry already at Fort Washita. Orders were transmitted the same day, by telegraph and express, to move in advance one company of infantry from Fort Arbuckle to Fort Washita, in consequence of a report, dated the 3rd instant, from the commanding officer of the latter post, referring to rumors of a contemplated attack from Texas.

Fort Arbuckle, about 60 miles west, a little north of Fort Washita, has a garrison of two companies of cavalry. It is of no importance as a military point, and will, no doubt, be broken up under the discretionary orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Emory.

Fort Cobb, about 160 miles northwest of Fort Washita, was first occupied by troops October 1, 1859. The side is no a portion of the Choctaw country, leased as a reserve for several detached bands of Comanche and other Indians, which wee moved there from points within the limits of Texas. This arrangement was made for the convenience of the state of Texas, and Fort Cobb was designed for the double purpose of protecting these friendly bands against incursions from the hostile of their own tribes and to restrain the latter in their descents upon Texas. The attitude now assumed by Texas changes the relations of Fort Cobb to that State, whilst present maintenance is no doubt necessary for the protection of the Indians of the reserve. But in connection with this point must be considered the safety of the garrison in case of attack by a superior force and the possibility of supplying it. The post is a such a distance from the base of co-operation as to leave it unsupported; the retreat of its garrison would be easily cut off; hence it unsupported; the retreat of its garrison would be easily cut off; hence it requires a powerful garrison, if any. The supply trains must pass over a section of country so open to incursions from Texas as to make strong escorts necessary to guard them. Subsistence and forage are said by the chiefs of the staff departments to be difficult to obtain and very high.

These are the main subjects for the large discretion devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Emory, and it is not doubted he will appreciate them and decide with judgment.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War:

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEAMER ARKANSAS,

Sixty Miles below Dardanelles, April 2, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: I think it proper to report that I am detained by low water in the Arkansas. I left Memphis Sunday, March 24, with the assurance of good water in the Arkansas River, but the water had suddenly fallen and left us at a point difficult to procure transportation of any kind. I send this by a messenger to obtain transportation, with directions to mail the letter at the first post-office. Apprehending the chances of such detention, I sent a copy of my instructions to Fort Arbuckle, and directed the commanding officer at that post to commence the movement upon Fort Washita, and, in the event of the latter place being threatened, to march to its support with his whole force. A copy of my

