HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 18, 1861.

Captain N. LYON, Second Infantry,

Commanding Troops, Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo.:

SIR: The department commander deems it expedient to direct that no patrols be sent outside of the arsenal limits until otherwise ordered by him. The department commander further orders that none of the five thousand stands of arms recently placed at your disposal, or of the equipments and ammunition for the same, be issued without his sanction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON THE ROAD TO FORT WASHITA,

April 18, 1861.

Captain S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department West:

CAPTAIN: The staff offices at this place tell me that a year's supply for the troops in this district is expected around by the Arkansas River. I beg to call attention to the possibility of their being stopped on the way. You will receive the information before I can at Washita, and the circumstance will no doubt suggest to the general commanding the necessity of making arrangements to supply our overland, and giving directions which would authorize me to withdraw the troops towards Missouri to some point where it will be convenient to do so.

The troops are now supplied to the 31st of May only

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 24, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded, in the absence of a department commander, to the headquarters of the Army, in connection with a copy of a letter herewith from Captain W. W. Burns, C. S. at Fort Smith, i reference to the supplies within alluded to.* The stores in question were shipped from Saint Louis the 12th and 13th of the present month. It is known that a portion of them reached Napoleon, Ark., in safety.

Respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EAST SAINT LOUIS, April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Dispatches for U. S. officers at Saint Louis should be addressed to East Saint Louis by the way of Terre Haute. Their contents will then be perfectly safe as far as all western points are concerned. Notify

---------------

*See report Numbers 3, p. 647.

---------------

