
Anderson the means most acceptable to him for his evacuation the following day.

The major, agreeable to our offer, sent on board of us Lieutenant Snyder to confer with the commander of the fleet off the bar in regard to transportation. I accompanied him out on the morning of the 14th instant, and after a short conference he returned to the fort, where it was arranged that the steamers and all necessary facilities for the removal of the command should be ready at 11 o'clock, and that they should be conveyed to the fleet, and have the option either of taking passage in one of their vessels or of going on the one furnished by the Confederacy.

At 11 o'clock all facilities were at the disposal of Major Anderson, but the work of removal was delayed inc consequence of the accidental explosion which killed and wounded five of his command. They were not embarked until sundown, when it was too late to cross the bar. This, however, was effected early the following morning, and command shortly afterwards was transferred to the steamer Baltic, one of the transportation of the United States.

All of which is respectfully submitted for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. J. HARSTENE.

Major D. R. JONES,

Asst. Adjt. General of Provisional Forces, C. S. A., Charleston, S. C.

CORRESPONDENCE AND ORDERS RELATING SPECIALLY TO THE OPERATIONS IN CHARLESTON HARBOR FROM OCTOBER 31, 1860, TO APRIL 14, 1861.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 1, 1860.

Colonel J. L. GARDNER,

Commanding Fort Moultrie, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I transmit herewith a copy of letter addressed by me to the Secretary of War, which has been approved by him, and which I submit to you for your vies as to the expediency or propriety of placing arms in the hands of hired men for the purpose indicated.

Should you approve the measure I will thank you to request Military Storekeeper Humphreys to make the issue indicted i said letter, and to report the fact to this office that it may be covered by an order for supplies.

Respectfully, &c.,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WASHINGTON, D. C.,

October 31, 1860.

Honorable J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There is at Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, now in course of construction, besides a part of its armament, a considerable quantity of

