
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 21, 1861.

Captain N. LYON, Second Infantry, East Saint Louis:

General Harney has this day been relived from his command. The Secretary of War directs that you immediately execute the order previously given to arm the loyal citizens, to protect the public property, and execute the laws. Muster four regiments into the service.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 22, 1861.

Honorable JOHN A. BROWNLEE,

President of Board of Police Commissioners,

City of Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant, acquainting me with certain resolutions of the board of police commissioners of this city.*

In answer to the first resolution, I respectfully state that some twenty-four hours before the receipt of your communication I had decided to take up quarters temporarily at the arsenal. With regard to the second, third, and fourth resolutions of the board, I can only say that in the issue of arms from the Saint Louis Arsenal and in the reception of volunteers into the service of the United States I must be governed solely by the instruction that may be sent to me from War Department touching those subjects.

In conclusion, I beg leave to add that it is my sincere desire to prevent any collision between the troops of the State of Missouri and the forces of the United States at this point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 22, 1861.

Captain W. STEELE, Second Dragoons,

Commanding Fort Leavenworth Kans.:

SIR: Your telegram of the 20th instant, stating that, in consequence of information of organizations to take the Leavenworth Arsenal and to allay excitement, you had accepted temporarily the services of a company of volunteers, was duly received and laid before the department commander, who approves the proceeding reported by you.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,

Numbers 9. Saint Louis, Mo., April 23, 1861.

In compliance with instructions which have been received from the Adjutant-General's Office, under date of April 21, 1861, Brigadier General W.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

