
interests of the State than it manifested at the last session. This hour of gloom and danger is no time for flippancy or trifling-no time for displays of personal vanity or partisan spite-no time for the exhibition of sectional bigotry and malevolence. The common welfare and the interests of our State-nay, the very existence of our beloved common-wealth-may be at stake, and the crisis demands not only the highest human wisdom, but the greatest forbearance and concession.

We want no hostility between the city and the remainder of the State. The interests of the two are one, and the effort for the maintenance of those interests should be united. Acting separately, we would only fall a prey to enemies. Acting together, we can defend our rights, maintain our individuality, and assert a dignity which our enemies as well as our friends will be bound to respect.

The sentiment in the city is in favor of neutrality, and this is the policy demanded by the interests of the State. If the legislature resolves to arm the State, let it be understood and declare that it is to be an arming purely and solely in defense of neutrality; an arming in defense of our soil; an arming to protect all Federal property, and to maintain all Federal institutions in the State; an arming for the protection of every citizen, high or low, great or humble, in the enjoyment of his rights.

On such a basis the State and the city, we believe, may act harmoniously together,and acting thus in concert, they may defy all enemies and invaders. The city can furnish money, can cast cannon, can manufactory muskets and cartridges, and provide the munitions of war. It can concentrate the supplies for an army, manufacture clothing for troops, and, with its vast means of transportation, bear an army with all necessary material and supplies to almost any point within the State. All this the city can don, and will do, if it has assurances that its contributions will be used only in legitimate defense, and for the maintenance of peace and the laws.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Little Rock, Ark., April 27, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General Federal Army, Washington City:

SIR: I am directed by his excellency the governor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 106, from War Department at Washington.* That other is based upon the presumption of the State of Arkansas being willing to furnish the quota of troops required of her for the Federal Army-a presumption entirely improbable, and, I can assure you, utterly impossible. Further, I have to inform you that I had the honor to Tuesday night, April 23, 1861, at Fort Smith, to order the seizure of the person of Major R. C. Gatlin, Fifth Infantry, as prisoner of war, and who is now at large on parole of honor not to serve against the State of Arkansas or the Southern Confederacy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND BURGEVIN,

Adjutant-General of Arkansas.

---------------

* Of April 15, making provision for mustering in the quota of Arkansas under the President's call for militia.

---------------

