
Battles must and will be with you. Success to the arm which strikes for our rights.

Very truly, your friend,

S. R. COCKRELL.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Little Rock, Ark., April 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington City:

In answer to you requisition for troops Arkansas to subjugate the Southern States, I have to say that none will be furnished. The demand is only adding insult to injury. The people of this commonwealth are freemen, not slaves, and will defend to the last extremity their honor, lives, and property against Northern mendacity and usurpation.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

MONTGOMERY, April 22, 1861.

Gov. HENRY M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: Your patriotic response to the requisition of the President of the United States for troops to coerce the Confederate States justifies the belief that your people are prepared to unite with us in repelling the common enemy of the South. Virginia needs our aid. I therefore request you to furnish one regiment of infantry without delay, to rendezvous at Lynchburg, Va. It must consist of ten companies, of not less than sixty-four men each. The regiment will be entitled to one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one adjutant from the line of lieutenants, one sergeant-major from he enlisted men. Each company is entitled to one captain, one first lieutenant, two second lieutenants, fours sergeants, four corporals, and two musicians. The officers, except the staff offices, are to be appointed in the manner prescribed by the law of your State. Staff officers are appointed by the President; the term of service, not less then twelve months, unless sooner discharged. They will be mustered into the service at Lynchburg, but transportation and subsistence will be provided from the point of departure. They will furnish their own uniform, but will receive its value in commutation. You have arms and ammunition with which to supply them. Answer and say whether you will comply with this request, and, if so, when.

L. P. WALKER.

LITTLE ROCK, April 23, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

You may be assured of the immediate action of Arkansas in joining the Southern Confederacy; but I have no power, I regret, to comply with your request. Our convention assembles on the 6th of May. Then we can and will aid.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor Arkansas.

