
can, you know, discharge themselves of their public obligations at any moment, and thus be free to choose sides.

Now, forty muskets in the hands of the faithful among them might control the rest, but certainly not on a close push from outside. The Engineer officer can, he says, keep the arms beyond the physical possibility of being taken from his by the untrustworthy, and he can cut off all communication peremptorily with citizens. Nw, uncles some such precaution be taken, this large body of laborers may, in the possible event in question, unrestrainedly deliver up the post and its contents on bribe or demand. Meanwhile they cannot be removed outside of that isolated island post, which has not a foot of ground beyond the walls of the fort. In this connection I may add that at this post too (Fort Moultrie) we have about fifty laborers of like description with known secession propensities, as they are residents permanently of this quarter.

On the point of expediency, then, I am constrained to say that the only proper precaution-that which has o objection-is to fill these two companies with drilled recruits (say fifty me) at once, and send two companies from Old Point Comfort to occupy respectively Fort Sumter and Castle Pinckeny.

I am, colonel, yours respectfully,

JNO. L. GARDNER,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, November 8, 1860.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the remark that as the issue of forty muskets, approved by him 31st ultimo, was contingent on the approval of Colonel Gardner, it is probably that he issue has not and will not be made without further orders.

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C.,

November 10, 1860.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 7th instant I received an order from Colonel Gardner, commanding troops in the harbor, to issue to him all of the fixed ammunition for shall-arms (percussion caps, primers, &amp;c.) at this arsenal, such a step being advisable, in his estimation, for the better protection of the property in view of the excitement now existing in this city and State. Being allowed no discretion in the matter, his order being preemptory, I proceeded to obey it on the afternoon of the 8th. Captain Seymour having come up from Fort Moultrie, with a detachment of men and a schooner, for the purpose of removing the stores, the shipment of them was interfered with by the owner of the wharf until the city authorities could be notified, and there were but three or four cart-loads on board. I considered it best that they should be reconveyed to the magazine until something definite should be reconveyed to the magazine until something definite should be determined upon, which was done. Not having heard anything further from Colonel Gardner relative to this matter, I conceive it my duty to report the facts in the case, which I respectfully submit.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Storekeeper Ordnance, Commanding.

