
who has employed upon it some hundred and ten men. A portion of the armament is mounted, but for its defense a few regular soldiers, to overawe the workmen and to control them, only would be necessary at present. The lower embrasures are closed, and if the main gate be secured a storming-party would require ladders twenty feet in length to gain admission. No arms are here, and I doubt if they would be serviceable in the hands of workmen, who would take the side of the stronger force present. Unless it should become necessary I think it advisable not to occupy this work so long as the mass of engineer workmen are engaged in it. The completion of those parts essential for the accommodation of a company might be hastened. The magazine contains thirty-nine thousand four hundred pounds of powder. The number of guns on hand is seventy-eight, consisting of 8 and 10 inch columbiads, 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, 42-pounder guns, and 32 and 24-pounders, with carriages, shot, shell, implements, &amp;c.

CASTEL PINCKNEY.

Castle Pinckney commands Charleston, and its armament is complete. Here the powder belonging to the arsenal in the city is stored. A company can be accommodated here, while a small force under an officer would secure it against surprise or even a bold attack of such enemies likely to undertake it. It is under the charge of an ordnance sergeant, who keeps everything in as good order as possible. The quarters and magazine require repairs. Under present circumstances I would not recommend its occupation.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C.,

November 12, 1860.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In view of the excitement now existing in this city and State, and the possibility of an insurrectionary movement on the part of the servile population, the governor hastened, through General Schnierle, of South Carolina Militia, a guard, of a detachment of a lieutenant and twenty men for this post, which has been accepted.

Trusting that this course may meet the approval of the Department, I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Miliary Storekeeper Ordnance, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 12, 1860.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,

First Artillery, Care of A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army, New York:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires to see you, and directs that you proceed to this city and report to him without unnecessary delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

