
made. The foundation has only been laid for the other. I certainly think that it is now too late to begin the construction of the second one, and that it would be better to subsisted some other flanking arrangement, which can be finished in a few days.

Captain Foster is now sodding the exterior slope of the ditch, and putting muck on the glaces. It seems to me that that work had better be discontinued, and the planking, &amp;c., removed, as it might be sued by an investing or attacking force.

In other words, I would now apply our science to devising and placing in front of an on our walls every available means of embarrassing and preventing an enemy scaling our low walls. Anything that will obstruct has advance will be of great advantage our weak garrison.

Our time is short enough for what we have to do. Should the ordnance stores I have called for or re-enforcements not arrive, in the event of our being attacked I fear that we shall not distinguish ourselves by holding out many days.

I have not yet commenced leavening off the sand hills which, within one hundred and sixty yards to the east, command this fort. Would my doing this be construed into initiating a collision? I would thank you also to inform me under what circumstances I would be justified in setting fire to or destroying the houses which afford dangerous shelter to an enemy, and whether I would be justified in firing upon an armed body which may be seen approaching our works.

Captain Foster told me yesterday that he found that the men of his Fort sumter force, who he thought were perfectly reliable, will not fight if an armed force approaches that work; and I fear that the same may be anticipated from the Castle Pinckney force.

I learn that in consequence of the decayed condition of the carriages at Fort Sumter, the guns have not been mounted there as I reported they were to have been. If that work is not to be garrisoned, the guns certainly ought not to be mounted, as they may be turned upon us.

The remark has, I hear, been repeatedly made in the city that if they need heavy guns, they can get them in forty-eight hours. This, I suppose, refers to their being able to bring them from Fort Pulaski, mouth of the Savannah River.

Colonel Huger designs, I think, leaving Charleston for Washington to-morrow night. He is more hopeful of a settlement of impending difficulties without bloodshed than I am. Hoping in God that he may be right in his opinion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 6, 1860.

Major R. ANDERSON,

U. S. Army, Fort Moultrie, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 3rd instant, in relation to police, has been received; is approved by the Secretary of Warto the extent you desire.

I am, &c.,

S. COOPER, Adjutant-General.

