
are some 200 men here constantly, and we are in actual danger from accident when so many inexperienced persons are at every turn with loaded arms. Our movements are watched and restricted, and I would earnestly request that we may be moved elsewhere. The times are so unsettled that I have not issued to my command this month either subsistence or fuel-in fact, we have no conveniences for anything, and all is confusion and turmoil.

I understand that all communication with Fort Sumter is cut, off, and that a barge with its men from that post has been captured at the city wharf and are held in durance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Storekeeper Ordnance, U. S. Army.

Captain WM. MAYNADIER,

In charge of Ordnance Bureau, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 4. Reports of Lieutenant Charles R. Woods, Ninth U. S. Infantry, of first expedition for relief of Fort Sumter.

NEW YORK HARBOR,

January 12, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I reached this post at 8 1/2 o'clock this morning with my command, having been unable to reach Fort Sumter. I will make a detailed report without delay.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES R. WOODS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry.

Colonel H. L. SCOTT, A. D. C.

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y. H.,

January 13, 1861.

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions, dated Headquarters of the Army, January 5, 1861, I embarked on the evening of Saturday, 5th instant, from Governor's Island, at 6 o'clock p.m., on a steam-tug, which transferred us to the steamer Star of the West.

My command consisted of two hundred men, recruits from the depot, fifty of whom were of the permanent party. My officers were First Lieutenant W. A. Webb, Fifth Infantry; Second Lieutenant C. W. Thomas, First Infantry, and Assist. Surg. P. G. S. Ten Broeck, Medical Department.

On Tuesday afternoon, 8th instant, arms and ammunition were issued to all the men. About midnight same evening we arrived off Charleston Harbor, and remained groping in the dark until nearly day, when we discovered the light on Fort Sumter, which told us where we were. The other coast light marking the approaches to the harbor had been extinguished, and the outer buoy marking the channel across the bar gone.

During the night we saw what we supposed to be the light of a steamer cruising off the harbor, but she did not discover us, as our lights were all out. Just before day we discovered a steamer lying off the main ship channel. As soon as they made us out they burned one blue light and two red lights, and, receiving no response from us, immediately

