
the Pocket road to the Furnace, and that Wheeler, with a cavalry force, is trying to cross the mountain from the north, the three forces to form a junction at the west end of the gap. We have been a little too quick for them. It is necessary, however, that the guard left with the train be vigilant and have pickets well out on all the roads. There are enough of them to whip any enemy, if they do not permit themselves to be surprised. I think that Kilpatrick will attend to any cavalry that crosses the mountain from the north.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, about five miles from Resaca, At intersection of Cross-Roads, May 9, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We met one brigade of rebel cavalry shortly after we emerged from the gap this morning; drove them back after a slight skirmish. Dodge's advance must be within two miles of Resaca by this time. The cavalry which we met here was part of Wheeler's. Prisoners say they left Dalton at 10 p. m. last night and expected to get possession of the gap. We were a little too quick for them. I cannot find out whether there is any considerable force of infantry at Resaca or not. Will know soon. Few houses along the road and no one at home, except women and children. Country densely wooded. Is impossible to communicate with General Hooker by signals, owing to the rough, impracticable nature of the country and the dense foliage. I propose to cut the railroad, if possible, and then fall back and take a strong position near the gorge on this [side] of the mountain and await your orders. I wrote to General Hooker to control the road across the mountain from Dalton, about six miles north of Snake Creek Gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN FIELD,

About five miles from Resaca, May 9, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.,

GENERAL: Dispatch received.* My advance is within one mile and a half of Resaca. So far we have only met cavalry; had a sharp little skirmish with a brigade which arrived this morning and intended to get the gap and hold it, but we were too quick from them. Cannot learn whether there is any considerable force of infantry at Resaca or not; expect to find out shortly. If I succeeded in breaking the railroad I intend to withdrawn my command back and take a strong defensive position on the east entrance to the gap and await orders from Major-General Sherman.

Sincerely, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

