
I shall propose to him to put Captain Brown in charge of purchasing and disbursing of railroads and Crane in charge of freight. On Tuesday I move 10,000 of Dodge's command from Huntsville to Chattanooga.

J. L. D.

CULPEPER, VA., May 2, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Move at the time indicated in my instructions. All will strike together.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, May 2, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 8.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

Dispatch of to-day received. All right. We will be on time.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, May 2, 1864.

To all Officers in authority:

Major General D. E. Sickles, of the U. S. Volunteer Army, being duly authorized by the President of the United States, can visit any and all points within this command, and all officers will, on the exhibition of this, give him such information as he may require in the execution of his office.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Cleveland, Tenn., May 2, 1864.

General STANLEY:

In obedience to instructions just received from department headquarters, dated May 1, this corps will march to Catoosa Springs upon the arrival at this place of Major-General Schofield's command. Major-General Stanley will, with his troops now at Blue Springs, march via Red Clay, pursuing the most direct route and carefully watching and covering his left flank. General Newton will do the same, following General Stanley. General Cruft's brigade, of the First Division, will follow General Wood, communicating with him as to the point of joining his column. The ambulances follow their respective divisions. The trains will follow General Wood's column, General Wood's leading, then General Stanley's, then General Newton's. Unless otherwise directed, the first park will be somewhere to the east and in the vicinity of Parker's Gap. Major-General Stanley will leave two regiments of Cruft's brigade at Ooltewah - the two having the least time to serve -

