HDQRS. FORCE'S DETACHMENT, 17TH ARMY CORPS,Clifton, Tenn., May 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that a force, said to be General Roddey's, crossed the Tennessee two days ago, and drove the Seventh Illinois Cavalry,* Colonel Rowett commanding, capturing part of his command. The force has been stated at from 7,000 to 4,000, with nine to six guns. If the force is so large, probably General S. D. Lee acted in conjunction with him, as hid command, with Roddey's, numbered a little over 4,000. Rowett fell back and communicated with General Gresham, who hastened on to Pulaski to cover the railroad. There are numerous reports current among the people on the west of the river about encounters between Forrest's command and our forces. It is certain that a dispatch was received at Corinth Friday morning, when General Buford was in temporary command, that General Forrest was captured near Bolivar, with the larger part of a small force which he had with him, say 400 out of 600. Two men who represent themselves as conscripts under Forrest during the engagement, state the same thing. Different officers are said to have commanded our forces. Generally, it is said to have been Colonel Hurst, Second [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry. There are rumors that a force from Memphis about the same time drove the rebel force from Corinth. This could not have happened. Friday I sent a scout across the river, who brings the same information, gathered from rebel sources, of the capture of Forrest. General Polk has had his headquarters at Demopolis ever since General Sherman's raid. The railroad, it is said, is running to Okolona, and parties are repairing it between Okolona and Corinth. You will have undoubtedly heard from General Gresham by telegraph from Pulaski before receipt of this.

Roddey has made no demonstration in this direction.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Detachment.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 2. In the Field, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 9, 1864.

The commanding general has just received the following telegram, and announces it with pleasure, viz:

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 9, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The Army of the Potomac had hard fighting on the 5th and 6th, driving the enemy from every position. On the 7th they had retreated some ten miles. General Grant in pursuit. They left their dead and wounded in our hands. Loss on both sides heavy. Battle-field near the Old Wilderness Tavern. Announce the victory to your army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Let us do likewise.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Mounted Infantry.

