
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 4. Camp Sugar Valley, Ga., May 9, 1864.

Reveille will be beat throughout the camp at 4.30 a. m. to-morrow. The troops will be held in readiness to meet or repel any attack of the enemy.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 10, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

I am starting for the extreme front in Buzzard Roost Gap, and write this dispatch that you may understand. Johnston acts purely on the defensive. I am attacking him on his strongest fronts, viz, west and north, till McPherson breaks his line at Resaca, when I will swing round through Snake Creek Gap, and interpose between him and Georgia. I am not driving things too fast, because I want two columns of cavalry that are rapidly coming up to me from the rear, Stoneman on my left and Garrard on my right, both due to-day. Yesterday I pressed hard to prevent Johnston detaching against McPherson, but to-day I will be more easy, as I believe McPherson has destroyed Resaca, when he is ordered to fall back to mouth of Snake Creek Gap and act against Johnston's flank when he does start. All are in good condition.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

TUNNEL HILL, Ga., May 10, 1864-7.30 p. m.

(Received 5.50 a. m. 11th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

General McPherson reached Resaca, but found the place strongly fortified and guarded, and did not break the road. According to his instructions, he drew back to the debouches of the gorge, where he has a strong defensive position, and guards the only pass into the valley of the Oostenaula available to us. Buzzard Roost Gap, through which the railroad passes, is naturally and artificially too strong to be attempted. I must feign on Buzzard Roost, but pass through Snake Creek Gap, and place myself between Johnston and Resaca, when we will have to fight it out. I am making the preliminary move. Certain that Johnston can make no detachments, I will be in no hurry. My cavalry is just approaching from Kentucky and Tennessee (detained by the difficulty of getting horse), and even now it is less than my minimum.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, May 10, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

How do you like the idea of leaving General Schofield where he is, placing General Howard in front of the gap, to intrench himself to

