
hold the gap; Palmer's corps in reserve, with ten days' provisions and full supply of ammunition, to re-enforce General McPherson, if necessary; and send General Hooker's corps at once to support. General McPherson? I make this proposition simply because I think General Hooker's corps will be sufficient to enable General McPherson to whip any force that Johnston can bring against him. Not knowing what your plans may be, I submit this for your consideration.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Present:

GENERAL: I think you are satisfied that your troops cannot take Rocky Face Ridge, and also the attempt to put our column into the jaws of Buzzard Roost would be fatal to us. Two plans of action suggest themselves: First. By night, to replace Schofield's present command by Stoneman's cavalry, which should be near at hand, and to rapidly move your entire army, the men along the base of John's Mountain, by the Mill Creek road to Snake Creek Gap, and join McPherson, whilst the wagons are moved to Villanow. When we are joined to McPherson to move from Sugar Valley on Resaca, interposing ourselves between that place and Dalton. Could your army and McPherson's surely whip Joe Johnston? Second. To cut loose from the railroad altogether and move the whole army on the same objective point, leaving Johnston to choose his courage.

Give orders for all your troops to be ready with three days' provisions and to be prepared to march to-night. I expect to hear from McPherson and Schofield as to their situations, also as to the near approach of Stoneman. He was at Charleston yesterday, and is apprised of the necessity for haste. Do you think any danger to McPherson should make us delay one day? Please give me the benefit of your opinion on these points.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 10, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of this morning just received. It seems to me that your first plan of proposed operations is the best; but, inasmuch as Johnston will be compelled to hold a large part of his force in Buzzard Roost Gap as long as it is threatened, Hooker's corp might be sent at once to re-enforce General McPherson, whilst General Palmer's corps could be placed in reserve, to march at a moment's notice, and Howard's Corps placed in position to defend the gap and hold the enemy in check. In the mean time the depot could be withdrawn to Ringgold, and to-morrow night General Schofield's command take position in front of Ringgold and in the gap, with General Stoneman's cav-

