
alry covering its front, whilst Palmer's and Howard's corps could march as you suggest by the main Mill Creek road to Villanow, sending their wagons by the Trickum road, covering their movement with McCook's cavalry, which can afterward occupy Villanow and Ship's Gap, and securing our communications with Ringgold.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISIPPI,Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 10, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding, you will please order Major-General Hooker to support General McPherson at Snake Creek Gap, directing your nest division to General Geary to watch the road Geary is occupying. The general directs me also to say his judgment is that both Howard's and Palmer's troops would be required and necessary to make the game sure. General Garrard has been heard from. He left La Fayette this morning for Villanow, &c. General Stoneman is also heard from, and will be up at Vernell's with one brigade to-night and the balance to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Your second note just received, and the general will discuss the matter with you to-night.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I propose to leave hereabouts one of your corps, say Howard's, the cavalry of Colonel McCook, and the cavalry of General Stoneman, to keep up the feint of a direct attack on Dalton through Buzzard Roost Gap as long as possible, and with al the remainder of the three armies to march to and through Snake Creek Gap and to attack the enemy in force from that quarter. You may at once commence the necessary preparations and give orders that the force left here is to be under the command of the senior officer, who will strip his command light, sending all spare wagons to Ringgold; that the cars run daily to this point with daily supplies, but the main stores to be at Ringgold; that the cavalry watch well the passes north of Tunnel Hill and at Ray's Gap, and that in case the enemy detect the diminution of the enforce and attack, it gradually withdraw in the direction of Ringgold, but defend that point at all cost; that a locomotive and construction train be kept here with orders and prepared if this retrograde movement be made necessary that the party shall take up at intervals rails, so as to make a repair train necessary to replace them; this that the enemy may not use the track to facilitate his movement in pursuit. A few rails should at once be removed at some point east of the tunnel that can again be put down when we want it done.

8 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

