
The pass at Snake Creek is represented as very narrow. Please instruct a division to be there to-morrow provided with axes and spades so as to widen the road as to enable the passage of wagons, also to facilitate the march of troops by roads and paths outside the wagon track. General Stoneman will be at Varnell's to-night, and by to-morrow night all his command will be in, so that we will calculate all to go to Snake Creek and close up on General McPherson during the day after to-morrow. As soon as General Stoneman comes I will cause him to relieve Colonel McCook on that flank, so that you may send him to replace General Geary at Ray's road. Let the troops move as much under cover as possible, wagons going around by Villanow and the troops by the Mill Creek road. General Schofield will either go round by Villanow or follow General Newton.
I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Buzzard Roost, May 10, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland:

Prepare your corps for movement to-night, with three days' rations, and as much more as you can conveniently carry. This does not imply that the troops now in front are to be withdrawn until the order to move is given.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Have all of your wagons filled also. They may not be taken though.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Buzzard Roost Gap:

GENERAL: It has been decided to leave your corps with Stoneman's and McCook's cavalry, to keep up the feint of a direct attack on Dalton through Buzzard Roost Gap, and to move the remainder of the three armies through Snake Creek Gap, and attack the enemy in force from that quarter. You will, therefore, at once proceed to make the necessary preparations, stripping your command light, sending all spare wagons to Ringgold. The cars will continue to run here with daily supplies, but the main stores will be at Ringgold. Instruct the cavalry to watch well the passes north of Tunnel Hill and at Ray's Gap. Geary, who is at the latter place, will remain there until relieved by McCook's cavalry, when he will join his corps. In case the enemy should detect the diminution of force and attack you, you will gradually fall back in the direction of Ringgold but defend that point at all costs. The chief engineer of the railroad will be ordered to keep a locomotive and construction train here, prepared, if this retrograde movement becomes necessary, to take up at intervals rails, so as to make a repair train necessary to replace them; this that the enemy may not use the railroad to facilitate his movement in pursuit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

