
the mountain and prevent the enemy marching south along its crest to take General McPherson's left flank or rear. Have this done at once, if not already done.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The position of the brigade should be about where the letter "O," [in the word] mountain, is on the mp.

S. HOFFMAN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Mill Creek, Ga., May 10, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report concerning the movements of the enemy that I was informed last evening, through the statements of several of the enemy made to a family residing in front of my picket lines, that they designed descending the mountain and attacking us last night. I immediately engaged my entire available force in the construction of breast-works and in obstructing the approaches, and have my position now well protected. This morning they exhibit troops in considerable numbers immediately to the south of the gap, and they have been industriously signaling from a station established on the ridge about a quarter of a mile northward of the gap road. The passage of the mountain is only a road leading over the summit, and, there being no gap, it is improperly designated as such. I am in communication with General Kilpatrick and Colonel Ross.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you put Butterfield's division en route for Snake Creek Gap, so that he may arrive there at as early an hour to-morrow as possible. Send intrenching tools with him, and upon his arrival there let him at once proceed to put the road in good condition, with a double track. Direct him also to prepare the sides so that infantry can march without interfering with the wagons. Order Geary's division to remain where it is, in front of Mill Gap, until relieved by McCook's, when he will follow Butterfield. Have your entire corps prepared with rations and ammunition for a ten days' operation from to-morrow, taking as few wagons as the supplies for that length of time can be carried in, and sending all surplus wagons to Ringgold. Your corps will be followed by the Fourteenth, and that by the Twenty-third, leaving the Fourth with Stoneman's cavalry to cover the pass at Buzzard Roost. It is important that Butterfield's division should be at the gap as early as possible in the morning, that preparations be made for the movements that are to follow.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

