HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 10, 1864-1.45 a. m.

General McCOOK:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to move to-morrow morning at daylight down the road from Varnell's Station to Dalton, to discover any movement the enemy may make on our left. If you find that the enemy is moving to attack our flank, you will at once attack vigorously, so as to develop the movements and designs of the enemy as far as possible.

Very respectfully, your possible servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he has seen the deserter from Dalton sent him by you. The general does not believe his story, and thinks he was sent in to tell a lie. We are retiring slowly, without any show of pursuit, to the position we occupied yesterday morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Point of Rocky Face, May 10, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: General Sherman is desirous of knowing whether the line of railroad is in repair from Red Clay to Dalton. The repairs at Red Clay have been completed, but it is important to know whether there are any breaks between that point and as far as our cavalry can go toward Dalton. If you are not already sufficiently apprised to give me the desired information send a force the first thing in the morning to ascertain, and communicate the facts to me as soon as practicable. It is of great importance.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

IN THE FIELD, May 10, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Colonel J. B. DORR,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that you make a demonstration on the Dalton road at dawn of day in the morning, and gain the earliest possible information of any movement of the enemy on the left flank of the infantry. It is expected that the enemy will attack our left in the morning, and it is of vital importance that early information should be

