
gathered of their movements. In making this demonstration it will be necessary to throw a small party of your command into the valley and ridge along the railroad, in order to protect your left. Leave a detachment with the artillery where it is for a support. I will be on the Dalton road, where you can send information.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR POTATO HILL, May 10, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Department of the Ohio:

The cavalry column sent out this morning to make the demonstration toward Dalton. The skirmishes are at its base, and also occupy the ridge west of the railroad. Colonel Dorr reports strong indications of the hill being evacuated, and that sine 12 o'clock the enemy has been moving wagon trains to the rear. Our skirmishing has not been very heavy, and the hill looks quiet. This is the hill which commands both of these valleys, and if fortified.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note announcing the action of yesterday has been received.* The enemy avoids showing his troops and batteries, making it necessary to be very cautious. If the death of Colonel La Grange is beyond doubt, the loss of so estimable a man and gallant officer is to be greatly deplored. Give me as full particulars as you can, and at an early date, of every occurrence. Grant's victory over Lee is complete.

Yours, respectfully,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

FOOT OF POTATO HILL, May 10, 1864.

Captain LE ROY:

My column is nearly at foot of Potato Hill, my skirmishers to its base. There are strong indications of its being evacuated. Since 12 m. they have been moving trains of wagons to the rear. My men occupy the ridge west of the railroad, way to the point, and will soon be over to the railroad. I am past the left of the infantry, and up with skirmishers.

J. B. DORR,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 751.

---------------

