
with instructions to guard Julian's and McDaniel's Gaps. General Wood will send the two regiments of his command having the least time to serve to Cleveland as a guard to the depot, the senior officer to be the commandant of the post. Division commanders will guard their respective trains by at least one regiment each. The cavalry under General McCook has had instructions to move in such a manner as to cover the left flank of this corps. Division commanders will provide themselves with suitable, intelligent guides. The hour of march will be indicated hereafter.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,May 2, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

Move at 12 m. to-morrow. Concentrate your train at some point on old Alabama road in the rear of General Wood's train. Halt your main body at Red Clay, and send me word at the crossing of the Alabama and Julian's Gap road of your arrival. Have Cruft march to Wood's position to-morrow.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Cleveland, Tenn., May 2, 1864.

General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division, McDonald's Station:

You will move to-morrow at 12 m., and encamp to-morrow night near the point where the road from Julian's Gap to Red Clay crosses the old Alabama road. Stanley and Newton will be near Red Clay to-morrow night. My headquarters will be with you. Concentrate your train, not far in your rear, ready for the next day's march.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Wauhatchie, May 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS:

Since Captain Hall was here the mail agent has arrived from Bridgeport and reports that the First and Second Brigade were both at Shellmound last night and that the Third Brigade was to move this morning. In a telegram relating to a detail just received from General Williams, he says: "I will be at Whiteside's to-night." From these things I infer that the First and Second Brigades will be at Whiteside's to-night, and take the liberty of communicating with you under the impression that General Hooker may desire to know the facts.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. E. PITTMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

