
opinion must be founded. Longer consideration or more accurate knowledge might cause me to change my views. At all events, whatever the plan may be, I will cheerfully do my utmost to execute my part of it. I take it for granted you regard Chattanooga as impregnable against assault. My infantry is all here except one regiment at Red Clay. Stoneman's First Brigade was at Cleveland at noon. The other is to be there to-morrow. This is the most definite report I have about it. The cavalry is coming forward as rapidly as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am compelled to ask that Brigadier-General Hovey be relieved from command of his division, and that you send me a good division commander, or authorize me to assign one of the brigade commanders of another division to command General Hovey's division. I do not fell at liberty to make this change myself, because I understand General Hovey was assigned by the General-in-Chief. General Hovey is utterly inefficient and worthless as a division commander.

The difficulty seems to arise from some sort of mental disease. I do not dare to trust him in the handling of troops. He seems incapable of comprehending an order or of having any definite idea of what is transpiring around him. I regret this necessity very much, for I have a very high personal esteem for General Hovey, and believe he is unquestionably a most gallant soldier.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I shall attack Johnston through Snake Creek Gap. I will take your three infantry division along, but for the time will have to leave Stoneman to guard the point now occupied by you and to keep u a delusion as long as possible. I propose to leave Howard here so light and so familiar with the ground the Johnston cannot strike him. I have made some orders accordingly, and without attracting too much attention you may prepare to move about the day after to-morrow by Villanow and the gap. It may be necessary to start in the night to avoid being seen. Get all your wagons in the best order possible, and send for Stoneman to come over to seem me. I want to give him some personal instructions. I regret I cannot, under the circumstances, relieve Hovey, because I know General Grant esteems him and gave him the promise of this division. He was peculiarly noted in the affair at Champion's Hill, and had quite a name as brigadier. I do not propose to keep any supplies here, but to send all that are not issued back to Ringgold, and if the enemy are drawn here we will make short work of them at Dalton.

