
I propose to take McPherson, 23,000, Thomas, 30,000, and you, 12,000, with Garrard's cavalry at Villanow; McCook between this and Villanow, and Stoneman north of the tunnel. On the contrary, I am glad to have you at all times give me your unqualified opinion freely and frankly. Call in that regiment at Red Clay, and caution the force at Charleston to keep on the north bank and guard the bridge. Thomas will instruct the Cleveland garrison, and I will have a construction train run down to Varnell's and take up a train-load of iron and run it into Chattanooga, so that the enemy cannot use the road whilst we are south of them. Chattanooga cannot be taken by Johnston with us on his heels. I'll risk that. I think all the chances are in favor of the move. McPherson is already there. hooker, has gone in support, and the defenses of Dalton will not avail Johnston if we interpose between him and Georgia. Buzzard Roost is as hard to pass out as in.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

I wish you would have Stoneman come to see me the moment you can. He can bring his cavalry near you and send here for corn.

W. T. S.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 10, 1864-2 p. m.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: I believe one division is enough here. I am ready to march with the other two.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 10, 1864-5.35 a. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to push your skirmish line forward on your left center and feel the enemy, in order to develop any movement that may be in progress, and find out whether the force on your front has been weakened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1864-6.10 a. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL:

MAJOR: The within just received. My skirmish line on left was advanced an hour ago, anticipating the general's desire. We did not develop the enemy's line of battle, and could not without advancing

