
my whole line apparently and leaving my position on the hill. The enemy has a strong skirmish line along my front in the valley, quite to the left, with indications of support. My impression is that the line is much as it was yesterday in strength in my front, but there was no doubt a considerable movement in the night, and I think troops of all arms were moved from the enemy's center. A lively skirmish has been kept up on my left since the advance of my skirmish line. If the general desires anything more serious please inform me.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Point of Rocky Face, May 10, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Charleston, Tenn.:

SIR: Military movements during the next few days may expose you to attack from this direction. Protect the railroad bridge if possible; at the same time to not expose your command to capture. For this purpose put a few men in each redoubt on the south side of the river and take your main force with your artillery to the north side, placing the latter where it can sweep the faces of the works on the south side of the river. Guard the fords above Charleston as well as practicable, and on the approach of danger take up your pontoon bridge. Defend the railroad bridge as long as possible, and if compelled to retire, fall back to Loudon and aid in defending the bridge at that place. Take a copy of this letter and send the original to Brigadier-General Ammen. It is sent directly to you in order that you may get it early.

All is going well here, with fair prospects of complete success. Points of minor importance must be temporarily exposed, but let all possible precautions be taken against unnecessary loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, May 10, 1864-6.30 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Red Clay:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to inform you that there will probably be a decisive battle fought to-day, in which case our left will perhaps be intentionally exposed and left open. In case the enemy attacks you with a force too strong for you to successfully resist, the general desires you to secure all the Government property at Red Clay and fall back to Cleveland, re-enforcing the garrison at that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

