
his division at the west end of the gap, and I have directed him to leave one brigade there to guard the trains and to bring the other two through to this side, posting one regiment on the crest of the mountain near the letter "M" on the northeast side of the mountain. Brigadier-General Kilpatrick's cavalry is just arriving here, and Garrard will be in Villanow to-night. Early this morning I sent out my engineer officers and selected a line which I think a good one, and have been fortifying it all day. The work has not progressed as satisfactorily as I could have wished, for want of intrenching tools in sufficient quantity, though we get along very well. If the enemy attack me, you may rest assured we will give him the best fight we can and he will have to come in strong force to disturb us. We have been skirmishing more or less all day with rebel cavalry, and they have a line of vedettes extending all around us except on the west, watching our movements and evidently to make out our force. From some of the elevated points they can obtain a pretty good view. Their skirmish line, a very light one, easily driven back, and composed of cavalry, is about seven miles long. From what you say of the position at Buzzard Roost I think it is the place to attack them, and by throwing in here a large force we would have the chances of a decided victory on our side. I fell satisfied if you could see the position of things here you would be of the same opinion. The road through Snake Creek Gap is good and about six miles long. After getting through the country is undulating and generally densely timbered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAB. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tunnel Hill, May 10, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The Buzzard Roost Gap is so well defended and naturally is so strong that I will undertake to attack Johnston through Snake Creek Gap in this manner: Hooker's corps is already ordered to support you. His troops will arrive to-morrow and next day and will be instructed to widen and improve the road through the gap so that wagons may pass going and coming and troops may march by paths alongside. You had better do this at your end of the gap at once. Another corps of Thomas (Palmer's) will follow, and then Schofield. We expect all to be in motion the day after to-morrow, and to mask the movement as up the feint to the last moment, and if forced back, will be prepared to do so, having sent back to Ringgold in advance his supply wagons and all incumbrances. He will have a small division of cavalry to watch the road between this and Snake [Creek] Gap, the same where Geary now is, and Stoneman, with two brigades of calvary, to his north and east. This force will cover us to the brigades of cavalry will guard to the south and west, and we must take care of ourselves. Once through the gap I would interpose between Johnston and Resaca and might, if it could be done quick, attack Resaca or Johnston. In the mean time mask your own force as much as possible, but hold your ground and look well to secure the mountain range to the east and north.

