
cavalry. General McCook is requested to operate on the left flank and the front of the left of this position. General Cox will regulate the movement of his division into the position assigned it. The movement of the other divisions will be regulated by that of General cox. The troops will remain in line of battle until further orders.

III. As soon as the troops are in position division commanders will instruct proper staff officers to see that their commands are supplies with forty rounds of ammunition per man and three days' rations, and all necessary preparation will be made for an immediate march.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 1. Harris' House, May 10, 1864.

The commanding general desire to warn the officers of this command against any useless and wasteful expenditure of artillery ammunition, as on account of the limited transportation it will be difficult to replenish the ammunition chests when the supply is exhausted. Artillery must not be used against small bodies of cavalry or skirmishers, or to shell the woods where the enemy is supposed to be; but the ammunition must be reserved to be used against large bodies of cavalry, masses of infantry, and to silence batteries which are doing material damage to our columns of infantry or our cavalry.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 5. Sugar Valley, May 10, 1864

I. Brigadier-General Garrard, commanding cavalry division, after having satisfied himself that there is no force of the enemy on the Rome road, will move forward his command to Villanow and report by letter to the major-general commanding on his arrival at the latter point.

* * * * * * *

VII. The indications and reports from citizens going to show that the enemy contemplates attacking us to-morrow morning, the following dispositions will be made:

First. All the troops now in advance, consisting of the divisions of Brigadier Gens. Morgan L. Smith, Osterhaus, Sweeny, and Veatch, will be drawn back to-night and placed in position along the defensive line on which we have been working to-day, the first two taking position on the left of the Resaca road, the right resting on the road, and the last two on the right of the Resaca road, the left resting on the road.

Second. All trains will be sent back and properly parked in rear of the line, under cover.

Third. Capts. C. B. Reese and A. Hickenlooper will superintend the posting of the troops, the former taking the right of the line and reporting to Brigadier-General Dodge, and the latter the left of the line, reporting to Major-General Logan.

