
Fourth. Colonel Taylor, chief of artillery, will superintend putting the batteries in position. At least one-third of the piece will be held in reserve.

Fifth. Division commanders will be particular about not sending any wagons through Snake Creek Gap, as it is all important that this road should be kept open for the passage of troops.

Sixth. Field headquarters will be at the present headquarters; or, should they be changed, a staff officer will be present to indicate where they are.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUNNEL HILL, GA., May 11, 1864.

(Received 1 a. m. 12th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Stoneman is just in with his leading brigade of cavalry, and the two others will be up to-night and to-morrow. From appearances Johnston's main army is still in Dalton. Tomorrow I leave General Howard's corps here, to cover the Buzzard Roost Gap, which is as strong against the enemy as ourselves, with Generals Stoneman's and McCook's cavalry; and with the rest of the army, I shall pass through Snake Creek Gap to where General McPherson now holds it outlet. Johnston will then have to retreat below Resaca, or we shall interpose between him and Georgia. We will have with us ten days' provisions, and will cover our communication from Ringgold back.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tunnel Hill, May 11, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps, Buzzard Roost:

GENERAL: It has been decided to leave here one corps, which, with Stoneman's and McCook's cavalry, is to keep up the feint of a direct attack on Dalton, through Buzzard Roost Gap, as long as possible. This corps will be Hoard's. The remainder of the three armies to march through Snake Creek Gap and attack the enemy in force from that quarter. You will, therefore, at once prepare your corps for this movement, taking with you ten days' rations and supply of ammunition. Move with as few wagons as you can get along with, and carry the amount of supplies above named and send all others to Ringgold. Butterfield's division has already been ordered to prepare a double track through Snake Creek Gap with paths along the road so that infantry can march without interfering with the wagons. Report when your corps is ready for the march. It is desirable that all close up on McPherson to-morrow. Your corps will follow the Twentieth, and be followed by the Twenty-third.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

