
telegrams, the following is the order in which regiments are to get horses: Third Kentucky, Fifth Iowa, and Fifteenth Pennsylvania after Long's brigade. If I could know the number of horses coming, I could designate the detachments of regiments to get them. My cavalry is doing heavy service on flanks, which, of course, uses up horses.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tunnel Hill, May 11, 1864.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer Mil. Railroads, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: The plan of operations adopted and about to be carried into execution is as follows:

To leave the Fourth Corps (Major-General Howard) and Stoneman's and McCook's cavalry to keep up the feint of a direct attack on Dalton through Buzzard Roost Gap as long as possible and, with the remainder of thee armies march through Snake Creek Gap and attack the enemy in force from that quarter. Cars will be run here to supply the daily wants of the troops left here, but the main portion of the supplies will be left at Ringgold, which point will be defended at all costs. In case the enemy should detect the diminution of force here and attack, it has instructions to withdraw in the direction of Ringgold. You will keep a locomotive and construction train at this place, so that i case this retrograde movement becomes necessary to replace them; this that the enemy may not use the railroad to facilitate his movement in pursuit. A few rails should at once be removed from some point east of the tunnel, that can again be put down when we want it done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 11, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee, Sugar Valley, Ga.:

GENERAL: I received by courier in the night yours of 5 and 6.30 p. m. of yesterday. You will also during the night have observed that I had come to the same conclusion. You now have your 23,000, and Hooker is in close support, so that you can hold all Joe Johsnton's army in check should be abandon Dalton. He can't afford to abandon Dalton for he has fixed it up so nice for us, and he observes we are close at hand waiting for him to quit. He cannot afford a detachment strong enough to fight you, as his army will not admit of it. Strengthen your position, fight anything that comes,and threaten the safety of the railroad all the time. But to tell the truth, I would rather he should stay in Dalton two more days, when he may find a larger party than he expects in an open field. At all events we can then choose our ground and he will be forced to move out of his trenches. I

