
DECATUR, May 11, 1864.

Colonel SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent you all the information I possess in regard to the enemy. The Clifton report I have not credited. My information, that I consider veracious, is that the enemy have crossed near Florence with a considerable force, all still in the vicinity of Florence, or may have moved for some point on railroad. Colonel Rowett, who was at Florence with his regiment, was driven from there after the loss of a considerable portion of his force. He reports the enemy 5,000 under Forrest. You may have more reliable means of information than I possess here. Of this you can judge. In my opinion, if the divisions of the Seventeenth Army Corps are hurried to Huntsville with no other troops than those left by General Dodge to protect the road, it will be destroyed in less than a week unless a sufficient cavalry force is immediately sent against Forrest to drive him back. I have been advised of the movements of General Gresham's brigades, but have no information of any other portion of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH:

No fighting either here or at Athens. The enemy are concentrating at Florence both infantry and cavalry in strong force.

Gresham is at Athens with two brigades and a battery. Shall keep you posted.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

TUNNEL HILL, GA., May 11, 1864-6 a. m.

General JOHN E. SMITH, Huntsville:

General Stevenson reports from Decatur to Major McMichael, of General Thomas' staff, that a considerable force of the enemy is concentrating at Rogersville under Forrest. Knowing that General McPherson's corps is approaching Decatur by the Tennessee River, I do not believe the report of course, but this is the second time General Stevenson has made a similar report. If you think he is nervous and alarmed you may order him to Nashville to await the acceptance of his resignation. General McPherson is twenty miles away. I will see him to-day and will order him to relieve Stevenson, and put Gresham or Matthies in command. If the enemy cross the Tennessee in the face of the force now in that quarter it will be discreditable.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATHENS, May 11, 1864.

Colonel ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just received your telegram of yesterday. Only arrived here last night, and know but little of the movements of Forrest and Roddey or their force. Have reliable information that Florence was occupied

