
by the enemy yesterday morning, but in what force I cannot say. Think Roddey crossed the Tennessee River on the 7th, not knowing that I had left Clifton for Pulaski on the 6th. Don't know that Forrest has crossed at all; hardly think he has. Have sent scouts down to Florence.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, ALA., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Decatur, Ala.:

Have reliable information that the enemy occupied Florence yesterday morning, with pickets on all the roads leading this way. Don't know the size of the force nor who is in command; have no news of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH:

I arrived here last night, having marched from Clifton in five days; left Clifton just as soon as I received orders from General McPherson to do so. Am ordered to move either to your relief or General Stevenson's whenever either is seriously threatened. Don't believe the enemy is on this side of Tennessee River in force. There was no one at Rogersville yesterday morning. Will keep you advised of what transpires up this way.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Athens, Ala., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Huntsville, Ala.:

I have just received your communication of yesterday, per Captain Budlong, of your staff. At Clinton late Friday evening, the 5th instant, I received the following order from Major-General McPherson, viz:

CHATTANOOGA, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM

(Care of Commanding Officer, Pulaski, Tenn.):

Move your command to Athens, so as to be within supporting distance of Decatur and Huntsville, communicating with General Stevenson at former and General John E. Smith at the latter. You will remain at Athens until further orders, unless one or the other of these places are seriously threatened, when you will move promptly to their support.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

On receipt of this order I at once started and marched from Clifton to this place, a distance of ninety-five miles, in five days. On the morning of the 7th instant, when twenty-eight miles from Pulaski, I received intelligence from the major of the Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry that his regiment had been driven from Florence, and that the enemy, 5,000 strong, had crossed the Tennessee River at Bainbridge. Think-

