
ing the enemy would endeavor to strike the road at Pulaski, or some point between Pulaski and Decatur, I determined to make the former place that day, which I did, having sent one of my staff officers ahead to see to having cars there on my arrival. That night I sent the Seventeenth Wisconsin to this place, and the Fourteenth Illinois to Elk River bridge. Colonel Morton, commanding at Pulaski, seemed to think that place was threatened, and I remained there until 10 a. m. the 8th instant, and moved on to Elk River bridge, fifteen miles from Pulaski.

Shortly after leaving Pulaski a courier overtook me with a message from Colonel Morton, stating that Forrest, Wheeler, and Lee were concentrating at Rogersville. I hastened forward to the Elk River bridge and selected a good position for defense, but no enemy came, and yesterday I moved on to this place. I have no information, except what I have heard from officers along the line of march, and don't believe there is an enemy in much force this side of the Tennessee River. If Forrest had crossed with 5,000 men, or even less, we would have heard of him doing or undertaking to do something in less than four or five days.

I should have stated that on my arrival at Clifton I found an order from General McPherson to remain there, watching Forrest's operations, until relieved by another detachment from Cairo, and then move on and join him, via Pulaski and Huntsville. I was acting under that order until I received the other, of which I have given you a copy. General Force arrived at Clifton the next day after I left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CONFIDENTIAL HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

CIRCULAR. Rocky Face Ridge, Ga., May 11, 1864.

The general commanding directs that Colonel Sherman occupy Rocky Face Ridge with his command, maintaining a sufficient force in his front to repel an assault. The remainder he will distribute along the ridge at the most accessible point north until near the gorge Orders must be given to commanding officers of regiments to assist each other in case of an attack. He will picket along his eastern front, posting reserves at accessible points. He will also post a strong picket on the western slope of the ridge, connecting with General Wood's pickets. Generals Wagner and Harker will report their commands west of the northern gorge of Rocky Face Ridge to-morrow morning at 4.30 a. m. Care must be taken that the movements made at such an hour are not perceived by the enemy. The general commanding will post the commands of Generals Wanger and Harker west of the northern gorge of Rocky Face Ridge. The two pieces of artillery now on the top of the mountain will be brought down, under direction of the chief of artillery, by a regiment from Colonel Harker's brigade. The following allowance of transportation will be allowed to each division:

To division headquarters one wagon for baggage, and such forage as can be carried. To brigade headquarters each one wagon for baggage, and such forage as can be carried. To each regiment one wagon for baggage and such forage as can be carried. All the wagons allowed by this order, together with the entire ammunition train, will be parked, but not unhitched or unharnessed, in the open field on the western slope of Tunnel Hill, in the camp formerly occupied by Colonel Harker before

