
the movement on Rocky Face Ridge. The remainder of the train with the exception of sufficient to haul on day's supplies of subsistence and forage, will for the present be sent to Ringgold. Colonel Sherman, if he has any reason to suspect the evacuation of Rocky Face will make a demonstration with his pickets at daylight or any convenient hour, and if confirmed will press along with sufficient force, at the same time giving notice to division commander that he may be properly supported. The instructions contained in this circular, if not fully understood by officers in charge of trains, by applying at these headquarters full instructions will be given. The general commanding will be pleased to see brigade commanders at these headquarters, when all is quiet, this evening.

By command of Brigadier-General Newton:

HENRY C. TINNEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

May 11, 1864.

The division will encamp as quickly as possible along the road leading through the gap at the locations heretofore indicated by staff officers-Third Brigade on the right, division headquarters with it; First Brigade in the center; Second Brigade on the left. The division is ordered to proceed at once to put the road in good condition, with a double track for wagons, and the sides so prepared that infantry can march without interfering with wagons. This work is of great importance to the operations of the army, and the major-general commanding relies upon every officer and man springing to it with zeal and alacrity. Colonel Coburn will commence at the entrance to the gap, near General Williams' headquarters. General Ward will commence on the center, in front of the amp assigned him, and work right and left to meet Second and Third Brigade. Colonel Wood will work three regiments to the south end of the gap and one toward General Ward. The two wagon roads must be well made, filled in with stone, ditched when necessary, and a clear path cut on the east side of the gap throughout for infantry, with bridges for crossing the creek. The pioneers and camp tools must be used. A competent officer will at once proceed to distribute intrenching tools from the train.

By order of Major-General Butterfield:

JOHN SPEED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 6. Camp Sugar Valley, May 11, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Commanding officers of corps will see that their division and brigade commanders cause all the available men, for whom intrenching tools can be provided, to be actively employed to-day in strengthening our defensive line and opening roads along parallel to this line, and also to the rear, so that troops may be moved rapidly from one point to another, as occasion may require.

2. In case the enemy make no attack upon us before 4 p. m. to-day, and there is no threatening demonstrations, the supply trains will be

10 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

