
started promptly for Tunnel Hill Station, with positive instructions to pass through and clear Snake Creek Gap before halting, so as not to blockade the road.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

May 12, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

We have information that Forrest is planting a force, both infantry and cavalry with several batteries, near Florence. It is thought some of Polk's command is with him. It seems reliable that the force is large enough to cut the railroad, unless we take the offensive at once. General Rousseau is arranging to send down some of our dismounted cavalry. Long's brigade of cavalry at Columbia is now ready to move. Had we better detain it a little while for his emergency? General Gresham, with two brigades, is at Athens. General Force is at Clifton with a large train and 900 beef-cattle. Leggett's division and the remainder of Crocker's are coming up. Is it not best to organize a force sufficient to drive or capture Forrest at once? There are so many trestles on that part of the road that we cannot hold there by acting solely on the defensive.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

IN THE FIELD,

Near Resaca, May 12, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Major General F. P. Blair is assembling his corps on that very flank, and will be instructed to clear out the country about Florence before coming this way. The offensive should be assumed at once, and you may so instruct General Rousseau and General Blair in my name. Long's brigade is needed in this direction, and should move at once for us. General Rosseau, with General Blair, have troops enough for any force that can possibly reach Tuscumbia. Polk's army in great part is here, and the only rebel infantry in North Mississippi and Alabama are the State militia recently transferred to the Confederate Government. No enemy should be permitted to come north of the Tennessee River for a day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 12, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Tunnel Hill:

The rebel infantry, which were at Florence, have recrossed the river, leaving their cavalry to forage the country.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

