
them such guard as you deem necessary. My headquarters will be with General Wood's division to-morrow night, near crossing of Julian's Gap and Red Clay road with old Alabama road.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, May 2, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My command will march to Cleveland to-morrow morning. I will go to Chattanooga this afternoon, and meet my troops at Cleveland in the morning. Wagons cannot overtake me before the 4th or 5th.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, May 2, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Colonel McCallum is now here. I have arranged for him to bring forward Sweeny's command of 5,000 men from Larkinsville, at 8 a. m. on Wednesday, 4th instant, and Veatch's command of 5,000 from Woodville at the same hour. Let them be there accordingly. Bring by cars one battery per division and one wagon per regiment, if possible; also, horses for field officers; five days' rations. All else to follow by the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Decatur, Ala., May 2, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Dept. and Army of the Tennessee, Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your communication of 1st instant by courier is just to hand. I concur with you in your views, provided a sufficient force is concentrated here to hold this place, and at the same time menace the enemy, but such is not the present condition of affairs. This command is the disjointed remnants of brigades with a condemned battery and a section of worn-out 6-pounders, with a small command of raw cavalry, the infantry not sufficient to man the works so as to resist a determined assault. How such a force is to hold the enemy in check, when we scarcely dare poke our noses beyond the picket-lines, I confess I cannot perceive. I should be at once strengthened by at least a good battery and a brigade of good infantry with it [and,] if it can be had, a full regiment of cavalry, so that I could, if necessary, move out and make such demonstration as would accomplish your purposes. It is, in my judgment, folly to hold out a small force in an isolated position to invite its

