HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp Sugar Valley, May 12, 1864-4 a. m.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Sherman signals that the indications are that the enemy is evacuating Dalton. I have ordered General Kilpatrick's cavalry out on the road toward Resaca, and to feel as far up on the cross-roads leading toward Dalton as possible, to find out the real intentions of the enemy. Have your whole command in readiness to move out promptly to attack the enemy in flank should be really retreating. You will have the advance and will be followed by Brigadier-General Dodge's command.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Sugar Valley, Ga., May 12, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Sherman signals that the indications are that the enemy is evacuating Dalton. I have ordered General Kilpatrick's cavalry out on the road to Resaca, and to feel out as far up on the cross-roads leading toward Dalton as possible, to find out the real intentions of the enemy. Have your whole command in readiness to move out promptly to attack the enemy in flank should he be really retreating. Major-General Logan will have the advance and you will follow close in the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD,

At Cross-Roads, five miles Resaca, May 12, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Dispatch received.* Do not advance any farther, without I send your orders, and do not allow yourself to become [so] seriously involved with the enemy that you cannot withdraw easily to this point. Your movement is in the nature of a reconnaissance to ascertain definitely, if possible, whether the enemy is evacuating Dalton. If they are not, I do not desire to bring on a battle to-day, unless forced into it. I have two divisions of infantry at this point. Look out well for your flanks, and find out, if possible, what infantry is to the north and east of you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

