HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESEE,Sugar Valley, Ga., May 12, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The object of your reconnaissance having been accomplished, you will return to your came as soon as General Veatch's division, which is going out to take a position on the right of Brigadier General M. L. Smith, gets on the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. D. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP, Sugar Valley, May 12, 1864- 4 p. m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

You will move Brigadier-General Veatch's division out to the front and establish it on the right of Brigadier General M. L. Smith's, in the position it occupied day before yesterday. The division will remain there to-night, or until we advance. The transportation of the division, except ammunition wagons and ambulances, can remain where it is for the present.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Sugar Valley, Ga., May 12, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Huntsville:

When you have the two division of the Seventeenth Corps organized at Huntsville and ready to march report to me by telegraph for orders to move directly. In the mean time familiarize yourself with the country and roads leading south, and carry the impression that you are going to move directly down into the heart of Alabama. Look out also for Decatur and our railroad communication.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

I am satisfied the enemy are concentrating this side of the Tennessee River for the destruction of the railroad. Although the block-houses may bravely hold road may be torn up between them, and the block-houses finally captured. The only remedy is to kill and destroy the mounted force of the enemy. If I may retain for a few days Colonel Long's brigade now at Columbia, with that and other forces, mounted and dismounted, I think I can rid the country this side of the Tennesee River of the enemy. My own mounted force is small and not reliable. Efficient officers have just finished a thorough inspection of the block-houses and taking such steps and giving such orders as to secure the best defense and forbidding surrender under any circumstances. They supplied with water-tanks all the beck-houses. Have

