
taken every step in my power to give strength and efficiency and believe the block-houses on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and those between Nashville and Columbia will be held. Two hundred rounds of ammunition per man at each block-house were sent out yesterday. Please answer as to Longs's cavalry, as he is about ready to march.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, May 12, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Gresham arrived at Athens on the night of the 10th; reports that he does not believe the enemy is on this side of the river in force; that there was no one at Rogersville on the morning of the 10th. Stevenson now reports, 11th, that a force of infantry and cavalry are concentrating at Florence. I have sent a staff officer over to ascertain the source of these reports; will return to-night. As soon as I hear from Gresham will act upon your suggestion in regard to Stevenson.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM,

Athens, Ala.:

GENERAL: Is there any beef-cattle on the route from Clinton? If so, let me know where. General Stevenson reports that the enemy are concentrating infantry and cavalry in force at Florence. This must be ascertained at once.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, May 12, 1864.

Colonel R. M. SAWYER:

The enemy has not been this side of the Tennessee River in force. The party that came over and drove Colonel Rowett from Florence and occupied the place several days has recrossed. There is still a force, perhaps a regiment, of rebel cavalry in the neighborhood of Florence foraging. General Sherman says he will send a regiment of cavalry to Florence to-morrow. This information I think reliable. Will keep you advised as well as I can. I heard from officers many exaggerated reports of the strength and whereabouts of the enemy, which induced me to march my command very hard to get to this place. I came from Clifton in less than five days.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, May 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH:

Force arrived at Clifton on the 6th instant, with 2,500 head of cattle. Don't know whether they are on the way from Clifton or not, but presume they are. I have no scouts, and the mounted force that is here

