
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Snake Creek Gap, May 12, 1864.

Commanders of divisions will have three days' rations issued to their men to-night, and sixty rounds of ammunition to the infantry, and the artillery fully supplied. The divisions will be massed by 7 a. m. to-morrow, on the right of the Resaca road where it is crossed by General McPherson's intrenchments, outside the intrenchments, in the following order: Right, General Butterfield's division; center, General Williams' division; left, General Geary's division. The ammunition and ambulance trains, with wagons for a three days' supply of forage only, will accompany the troops. The balance of the wagons will be parked at some convenient point in this vicinity, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps. The wagons that accompany the troops will keep as near them as possible. For the amount of transportation allowed, attentions is called to General Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 3. In the Field, May 12, 1864.

The Twenty-third Army Corps will march at daylight to-morrow morning via Villanow toward Snake Gap, in the same order as to-day. By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO Numbers 2. In the Field, May 12, 1864-11.20 p. m.

The commanding general directs there must be no drumming nor unnecessary noise of any kind on the march to-morrow. It is very important that the troops commence the march punctually at 1 a. m.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Sugar Valley, Ga., Numbers 7. May 12, 1864.

III. Corps commanders will at once cause their commands to be provided with three days' rations in haversacks from to-morrow morning, the 13th instant. The troops will leave behind them their knapsacks, and will be in light marching order, prepared for a fight. The only wagons accompanying them will be the ambulances and ammunition trains.

2. As soon as Major-General Schofield's command has passed the gap, all the trains of this command will be brought thought in charge of respective corps and division quartermasters, and properly parked in the open fields in rear of the line of defenses, not approaching too near

