
the works. As soon as the train are through and parked, the corps quartermasters will report the fact and the position of the trains to these headquarters.

V. Major-General Logan's command will have the advance to-morrow, the leading division moving on the Resaca road at 6 a. m. precisely the other divisions following as closely and compactly as possible. Brigadier -General Dodge's command will follow immediately in rear of Major-General Logan's.

2. The march will march in light fighting trim, carrying their haversacks with three days' cooked rations, canteens filled, and one blanket rolled in their poncho and slung across the shoulder. The knapsacks will be left behind with trains, under charge of a guard, consisting of convalescent soldiers.

3. The division farthest from the road will be started in time to take their proper places in column.

4. Division commanders will see that proper detachments from the pioneer corps of their respective divisions are along, provided with axes, spades, picks, and shovels, to open communications, repair roads construct batteries, &amp;c. The pioneers will carry their tools, leaving wagons behind.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Camp in Sugar Valley, May 12, 1864.

* * *

II. Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding Second Division, will have the advance to-morrow and move on the Resaca road at 6 o'clock precisely, and will be followed by the divisions of Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, and Brigadier General William Harrow, respectively, as closely and compactly as possible. The men will march in light fighting order, carrying their haversacks with three days' cooked rations, canteens filled, and one blanket rolled in their ponchos and slung across the shoulder. The knapsacks will be left behind with train under charge of a guard, consisting of convalescent soldiers. Wagons sufficient to carry 100 rounds of ammunition, including those in cartridge-boxes, will be taken along and follow in the rear of each division. Division commanders will see that proper detachments from the pioneer corps of their respective divisions are always provided with axes, spades, picks, and shovels, to open communications, repair roads, construct batteries, &c. The pioneers will carry their tools, leaving wagons behind.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, May 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy evacuated Dalton at 9 p. m. yesterday. General Howard entered at 9 a. m. to-day; will concentrate his troops in Dalton, and follow the enemy down the railroad toward Resaca. I have

