
directed General Palmer to march two miles northeasterly from the debouch of the intrenchments, and then take an easterly course until he strikes the railroad, covering his left flank and front with a strong line of skirmishers. Should the enemy be driven down the railroad Generals Palmer and Schofield will be directly in his rear, with General Hooker to support them, if necessary. In this situation of affairs the enemy must be completely cut off, or compelled to retreat by the various fords southeast of Dalton, across the Connesauga, in which latter event, if General McPherson will merely threaten Resaca with the head of his column, and force a passage across the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry, and take up a strong position on the hills bordering the railroad southeast of Lay's Ferry, Johnston will be completed to retreat through, the mountains to Allatoona, which will be exceedingly difficult, if he succeeds in accomplishing it at all. Should you think well of this plan, I can throw Hooker's corps across Lay's Ferry to the support of General McPherson, and General Palmer's corps also, under the enemy evacuate Resaca. If Resaca be evacuated the main body of the army could be crossed at Resaca and Lay's Ferry and pursue rapidly along the railroad and vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Resaca, May 13, 1864-2.15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

Until I hear that Joe Johnston is south of the Oostenaula I would not cross at Ray's [Lay's]. We must first interpose between Dalton and Resaca, threatening the latter all the time. I want Hooker's right and McPherson's left strong until we encounter Johnston, who has not yet got below Resaca, I think. If he retreats east we have the advantage. I want the pontoons up, and to secure the railroad on Hooker's right Palmer should join on to Hooker, and Hooker should be strong.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Snake Creek Gap, May 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I want the pontoon bridge laid at the best point near Ray's [Lay's] Ferry, near the mouth of Lick or Snake Creek. I inclose a sketch* made to-day by a seemingly intelligent officer. As soon as I know the pontoons have started down the road I will send all the cavalry here to cross the bridge, and will order all of General Schofield's army to move as soon as it is demonstrated Johnston has actually retreated. In the mean time turn the train toward the mouth of Snake Creek, and after an hour's work about daylight we can discover if the rebel army proposes to fight us or not at or near Resaca. Contemporaneous with laying the double

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

11 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

