
bridge I will order Garrard to move down to all the passes toward Rome to disturb them in flank. Please give the necessary directions that the pontoon be carried down Snake Creek Valley under a good escort and be held about a mile back out of view till it be ordered to the bank. The sketch indicates Tanner's. At daylight I want you from the extreme left of your army (General Palmer's) to swing in to the railroad, and General Hooker hold pretty strong on his own ground, and the instant my mind is clear that Johnston will not do his fighting here, I will turn General Schofield toward the pontoon at Lay's or Tanner's. Let your engineer copy this sketch and returned it. Send orders round to General Howard to pass down the valley, keeping his main force down by the Rome road and the cavalry down by the railroad.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Sugar Valley, Ga., May 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the pontoon train is now en route between Villanow and this place, and Colonel Buell will be ready to put it down by 8 o'clock in the morning if he succeeds in getting through the gap to-night, and in if the banks of the river are cleared of the enemy at the point indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SUGAR VALLEY,

May 13, 1864-2.30 a. m.

General HOWARD:

Your note of last night is received. The moment I heard of the display of the enemy I knew that Johnston had no time to be delaying, and, indeed, the longer he delays the better for him [us]. He wanted to make you display your number. Of course his whole army must be marching at this moment to meet us. If he has evacuated Dalton he will to-morrow, and I want you boldly to strike him at all points and be prepared to follow it up, pressing his rear. Tell Stoneman I want him to swing a force of cavalry-enough to make a show-well around Dalton, from Varnell's, as though for Spring Place. He will move straight for the enemy, whenever he may be, at sunrise.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HOWARD:

Feel the enemy's lines to-night at all points with infantry and cavalry, and, if possible, follow him if is retiring south.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

