
In a day or two I will send some Tennessee cavalry to report to General Paine for the purpose of clearing that section of country of guerrillas. The presence of a cavalry force at Pulaski would be sufficiently central to meet any emergency likely to occur. Our troubles this summer will come from that direction. Three regiments of the new Indiana cavalry here, when mounted, might as well be instructed there as here, and by their presence give security to the roads, and prevent the incursions of guerrillas and small roving bands of rebel cavalry, and even large ones.

Small squads of rebel cavalry are all over the section of country between Pulaski and Florence, and in Lincoln County they are reported to be in considerable numbers. Such force stationed at Pulaski would still be within striking distance of Nashville, and their presence and operations there would more than repay the additional transportation necessary to give them supplies. In two or three days horses enough (belonging to all those regiments) to mount one regiment and a half will be here, marching from Louisville. On their arrival here these horses will be taken from the several regiments and used in completely mounting one regiment and a half. When that is done, I respectfully ask leave to send three regiments, including these mounted, to Pulaski, into camp of instruction here. They are armed with Enfield rifles, drawn at this place by my order, having stored away their sabers for the present. They are being drilled daily in target practice. Five regiments are now here; they are fine material. A general order, embodying the most of the suggestions of Lieutenant Willett, inspector of fortifications, as well as others, is published for the government of the garrisons.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

LOWELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 13, 1864-9.50 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division:

My line connects with and prolongs that of General Palmer's corps. My left rests on the Rome and Dalton road about one mile and a half in advance of the position assigned it. Hovey's division remains in its original position. My headquarters are on the Rome and Dalton road. My reconnaissance sent toward Dalton about 3 p. m. drove the enemy's picket from near the head of Swamp Creek, and learned that a division of rebel infantry had moved from that vicinity eastward about two hours before. Just at dark this evening quite heavy musketry was heard toward Dalton, two or three miles in front of my left. None of my troops have been engaged.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 13, 1864-11 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD,

Rome Road:

GENERAL: At daybreak send a regiment of infantry toward Dalton about three miles to the point near Swamp Creek where the Rome and

