
Calhoun roads come together, and where General Palmer is ordered to send a regiment from this quarter; at same time let a good staff officer with a regimental break a road across to us from the head of your column to the left of our present line of battle, which you may estimate as to this, the Calhoun road, two miles north of Resaca. In case of heavy battle, and your picket at the Swamp Creek and reports no heavy force of infantry, come across to support Thomas. In case you hear no sound of heavy battle, get all ready to move with celerity down Snake Creek Valley to its mouth, near which, to-morrow, I will lay the double pontoon bridges. I propose you shall pass the Oostenaula first with your three divisions.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,May 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: There is skirmishing in front of your line. Some twenty guns have been fired, and they are still firing. It might be well to follow my orderly to my headquarters, where you can see lines of smoke dust that indicate movement of troops.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you have your command in readiness to march at daybreak to-morrow morning. The general directs that you have one regiment of your command at these headquarters by daybreak to-morrow morning, and desires you to report to him in person for instructions at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,May 13, 1864.

[Major General W. T. SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: I have to state that yesterday about 9.30 a. m., and soon after I had relieved McCook's pickets and taken up a position on Newton's Station all along south, having previously driven in my outposts on the Dalton and Cleveland pike. My first line, extending from Varnell's Station along the ridge west of the railroad, held their position until 2.30 p. m., when the left was driven in by a large force of infantry, which got possession of the road leading to Lee's and Ringgold. General Newton having refused his left and taken up a new position about

