
one mile and a half to my rear and having repulsed the attack of the enemy on my main force, I received information from General Howard and Newton, through the signal station, that led to the supposition that the enemy was making for Ringgold. I sent one regiment to that point, three to Tunnel Hill Gap on the Varnell's Station and Ringgold road, and moved with the other two back to a position on Newton's left, and in this position dark found us. During the night I pushed one of the regiments at Tunnel Hill Gap out to Varnell's Station. At daylight this morning, having received information from General Howard that it was supposed the enemy had evacuated, I started the force with me along the railroad toward Dalton; the force at Tunnel Hill Gap via Varnell's Station and Red Bluff, to cover the country in the direction of Spring Place and Holly Creek. The force at Ringgold will be ordered to Dalton direct to act as occasion my entire. My pack trains have all been sent to Dalton so that we act unencumbered.

We lost during the day yesterday not more, I think, than 30 killed and wounded and but few prisoners, and those scouts. The wonder to up my little 2,000. Another thousand came up yesterday, so that I now have with me all I started with. I had many fears for the safety of my rear regiments, but all got through safe and in good condition, and will try and keep them so.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Snake Creek Gap, May 13, 1864.

General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry, &c.:

Your not of to-day was received. Very good, indeed. Pass down the valley strong and communicate with me. Your messenger will find me where there is most noise of artillery or near Resaca. You can safely move on parallel road by brigades. Let your packs follow on the heels of the columns. Pick up whatever of provisions and plunder you can.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 13, 1864-11 p. m.

General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: At break of day renew the direct attack on Resaca, pushing it with vigor at all points still you draw the fire of artillery, if any, from the forts. Hooker and Palmer on your left will be strong on your left and press, the latter attempting to reach the railroad in a grand right wheel on you, the pivot. The pontoons are nearly up and will be directed toward the mouth of Snake Creek, and Snake Creek, and should Johnston retreat south I will pass Schofield first, Thomas next, and you last. If we get Resaca at once set to work to make a trestle bridge to cross there.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

