HDQRS. LEFT WING SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 13, 1864-6 a. m.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON:

The fog is so thick we cannot see much. Major Kuhn reports that he has visited all the ferries this morning; had pickets at them during the night; could hear wagon trains going south. General Veatch says that they were busy all night chopping and moving wagon trains south; also that several trains of cars came in.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

My headquarters are in an open field in rear of General Veatch.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Villanow, May 13, 1864.

Captain KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have to report the following information brought in by my scouts this evening: Martin's division is north of Cosa River, probably three miles from Rome on the Summerville road. A picket of fifty men stand at Farmer's Brigade, across Armuchee Creek, eight miles from Rome, where it is said rifle-pits have been thrown up.

Thirty or forty men patrol John's Valley from Martin's Ferry (nearly west from Calhoun); fifteen men patrol to Floyd's Spring from Farmer's Bridge, and forty or fifty from Farmer's Bridge to Dirt Town. The scouts went within twelve miles of Rome near the south front of Horn's Mountain; they met the patrol from Martin's Ferry, and after a slight skirmish drove them. They passed through Floyd's Spring, and returned to this place through Dry and Armuchee Valleys.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,May 13, 1864-10 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded.

Scouts from Summerville to-day report nothing south of La Fayette in that valley. This report is that of a different party from the one which passed down Pocket or John's Creek Mills to the Oostenaula, and report the enemy fortifying the south bank, where there are fords. The first report was sent up this afternoon.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, May 13, 1864.

Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just arrived at this place with orders from General Blair to assemble and take command of the detachments of the Seventeenth Army Corps until his arrival. Gresham is at Athens with his command; Force somewhere between Athens and Clifton; will probably

