
arrive at Athens in two or three days. General Blair will arrive with the balance of the troops within ten days. In the mean time General Smith thinks that the troops of the Seventeenth Corps should remain at Athens. The cattle now here will be forwarded this morning,

strongly guarded by veterans of Fifteenth Illinois.

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, May 13, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON:

The Seventh Illinois and Ninth Ohio Cavalry have just started to Florence. I have what I regard reliable information that there is nothing more than a few hundred rebel cavalry on this side the river, and they are foraging in the neighborhood of Florence. The reports of a large force crossing were unfounded. I received my information from officers along the road, who could and should have been better informed.

W. Q. GRESHAN,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Brock's House, May 13, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Unless they have retreated, the enemy may be expected to attack the whole or some portion of our line vigorously at daybreak to-morrow morning. Division commanders will see that their commands are in readiness to meet such an emergency. All the artillery must be in position on the line at daybreak, and the troops alert and vigilant. General Davis will hold his division in readiness either to support the remainder of the line or to protect the interval between General Baird and Schofield. His artillery will be specially posted with reference to the latter.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Resaca, May 14, 1864.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By the flank movement on Resaca we have forced Johnston to evacuate Dalton, and we are on his flank and rear, but the parallelism of the valleys and mountains does not give us all the advantage of an open country, but I will press him all that is possible. Weather fine order. All is working well and as fast as possible. I have announced in orders Mr. Stanton's dispatch as to the victory at Spotsylvania. Let us keep the ball rolling.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

