
WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 14, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Headquarters, Resaca:

Your telegram with the gratifying intelligence of the evacuation of Dalton has just been received. You will, for yourself and gallant command, accepts the thanks of the Department for what I hope is the harbinger of still greater success. Our last date from General Grant is 6.30 o'clock last evening. The enemy had fallen back about four miles, and was holding a position that had not yet been attacked. After eight days' hard fighting our troops required rest. General Butler is operating against Fort Darling, and had at 10 this morning achieved considerable success. An unofficial report states that General Crook had destroyed of supplies, and that Sheridan had destroyed Lee's depot at Beaver Dan and broken the Gordonsville railroad. Your dispatches are promptly forwarded to General Grant, and the victorious shout of your army strengthens the hearts of the Army of the Potomac.

We are sending forward re-enforcements to Grant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR RESACA, GA., May 14, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 11.45 a. m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have had hard fighting all day. Johnston purely on the defensive. The place has small detached redoubts, and in immense amount of rifle trenches. We have close the enemy well in, gaining ground slowly but securely all day. The country is very rough and woody. I will renew the attack at all points to-morrow, and continue till Johnston retreats, and then shall follow. General Sweeny's division, Sixteenth Corps, with a pontoon train, tried to cross the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry, below Calhoun, but was stoutly opposed by a heavy force in the dense timber on the opposite bank. General Howard's corps followed the enemy down from Dalton, and his right now joins to our main line, and my forces are all united, the line extending from the Oostenaula above to below the town. General Stoneman's cavalry division is on the east of the river, and General Garrard's division of cavalry is sent around by the right to cross the Oostenaula, above Rome, if possible, and break the railroad north of Kingston.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, May 14, 1864-2 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch May 13 just received; will have the pontoon train at the point designated at the proper time; will also have Major-General Palmer move as directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

