
the left, the major-general commanding directs that McCook take post in rear of your left. Instructions to this effect have been sent to McCook.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Tilton, May 14, 1864.

General MC COOK,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Stoneman wishes me to say to you that his command is here and a portion of it across the river. He has camped for the purpose of feeding. There is no sign of enemy on the other side of the river. He is scouting twelve or fifteen miles out and within three miles of Resaca.

J. B. DORR,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

NEAR TILTON, May 14, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

I had ridden over to see you when the attempt was made to turn your left. The ridge on which it rests is the continuation of the one I spoke of in my note to you to-day as lying between us. I found it impossible to drive the enemy off and open ammunition with you. The other end of this ridge rests near Resaca, and from observation of the movements of the rebels, I judge they can move an infantry force along it without difficulty. Part of my force is in a valley on your left, and I will all the roads on your left rear thoroughly patrolled during the night. I will also establish a courier line between my headquarters and yours in order that any intelligence of the enemy's movements may be promptly conveyed to you and through you to superior commanders.

Please inform General Howard of this.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

MAY 14, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I received your dispatch directing me to move with my column to support a brigade and battery at 10.30 p. m. It was dated 4.30. No brigade or battery has passed on the road indicated as yet. I have sent a note to General Stanley about it. My command was engaged several times to-day and lost about 40 killed and wounded. I drove the enemy to the ridge on General Stanley's left, but could not dislodge them. I am doing all I can to cover the left and have every road regularly patrolled. I have a courier line between here and Stanley's headquarters, over which you can send dispatches.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

