HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 14, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The head of General Hovey's column has just reached these headquarters. I will conduct it to the point indicate by you, but wish if you have any one that knows where the Calhoun or Tilton road intersects this, you would have him meet us there, if you please.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT FORD NEAR TILTON,

May 14, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In accordance with instructions from General Howard to cover Dalton and guard his left, I pushed out cavalry on the Dalton and Resaca and Tilton and Resaca roads, following the enemy up to his positions on those roads. General McCook coming over on those roads, I turned them over to him and crossed the force near Tilton and sent reconnoitering parties down the river (Connesauga) and up to where the Spring Place road crosses the Holly Creek to Fields' Mill, on the Coosawattee River, and to the neck at Newton. No enemy in any force could be seen or heard of north of the Coosawattee River. Small parties of cavalry were seen yesterday and to last night by the citizens, all going south and inquiring the way to Resaca. Our rations and forage I hope will be up to-night, and if they do I shall move to-morrow morning down on to the C[oosawattee] River and endeavor to strike the railroad south of Resaca. I hope this will meet with your approval; if not, please get me word by 6 a. m. to-morrow; and I would like also to know the condition of things in order that I may act accordingly.

Verbal message by orderly will do.

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Resaca, May 14, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 6.30 p. m. is received, and the general-in-chief is well satisfied. If you can move your force to-morrow over on to the Coosawattee into a strong position and send a force sufficient to break the railroad below Resaca you will please the general very much. He says not to risk your command too much nor too much of it, but break the railroad good, if possible, and to the enemy all the damage you can.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

