HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 14, 1864.

General MCPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee;

GENERAL: As I wrote you last night I intended to cross the Oostenaula south by our left, but Schofield has swung round so far to the north or left that time will be lost. The pontoons will be in an hour or so at a point on Snake Creek its mouth, with Captain Merrill, U. S. Engineers, in charge. Send one division immediately with the necessary artillery to effect a lodgment on the other side under direction of your engineer, and as the day develops send other divisions in order, so as to march out from the Oostenaula from about Lay's Ferry on Rome, keeping the right. You may being the march at once and follow it up as fact as it is demonstrated that Johnston has retreated in fact. He left nothing at Dalton, and moves in too much order for a retreat.

Therefore be duly cautions, but prompt to engage. If a part of your command gets into Resaca withdraw it to Thomas, who will continue to follow substantially the railroad to Kingston. A division of cavalry, under Corse, has already gone down along the Oostenaula to hold all the crossing places. I will send General from Villanow by Dirt Town and Dry Creek to cross the Oostenaula above Rome. All this cavalry will be on your right. Howard and Stoneman were last night close on the rear guard about Swampy.l

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 14, 1864-7.10 a. m.

Major-General McPHERSON:

I advanced my skirmish line very strong to take the hill on east side of creek. We advanced to creek and found an impassable swamp or slough; they hold one side of the slough, we the other. Reports from men who crossed at Calhoun say nearly all of Johnston's trains have gone south.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, May 14, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You will immediately put General Sweeny's division in motion for Lay's Ferry, under direction of Captain C. B. Reese, engineer. Take all the artillery belonging to his division, the object being to effect a lodgement on the opposite bank in order to throw the pontoon bridge across. The bridge train has already gone down the road to the ferry from Snake Creek Gap.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

