HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 14, 1864.

Colonel M. M. BANE, Commanding Third Brigade:

You will make a strong demonstration upon the enemy at the ford in your front, commencing about 7.30 a. m. to-day. Throw skirmish line down on the river, properly supported; open with your artillery, and make such movements as will lead the enemy to believe you are attempting to cross the river. This is intended for a diversion.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general commanding.

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, May 14, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Major-General LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just seen Major-General Sherman and explained to him our position. Harrow's two brigades, now in line on our left, will to relieved by a portion of Hooker's command, and you will bring them over to-night and place them in reserve on the right and left of the road near Bald Hill on which the 20-pounder Parrotts are, in the positions occupied by Morgan L. Smith's and Osterhaus' troops before making the assault this afternoon. Other troops from Thomas will be sent over to our support. The general is highly gratified at our success, and will give us all the support we want. Notify the commanders of the troops in advance of these facts, and impress upon them, one and all, the importance of maintaining their position with the most resolute, stubborn pertinacity. Have the command intrench as strongly as possible, and throw several bridges across the creek, in order that troops may be sent over rapidly if needed.

Yours, truly,

JAS. M. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

LAY'S FERRY, May 14, 1864-9 a. m.

[General SHERMAN;]

GENERAL: I placed a force at Gideon's Ferry and Calhoun Ferry and arrived here and reconnoitered, finding the enemy intrenched on the other side, but in light force I should judge. Captain Merrill has arrived, stating he has not seen Colonel Buell nor could he hear anything of him. We have sent out parties to hunt him. I just received a report from Major Wolfley at Calhoun Ferry that the enemy are there intrenched, and have opened a battery on him. Colonel Murray has sent him more men and two pieces of artillery to make all demonstration possible. The only way to get over here will to be fill our pontoons with men in Snake Creek and float across the Oostenaula, making a lodgment below the rebel works, and I have directed a force to be sent down to the mouth of Rock Creek, and will deep quiet here while the pontoons are getting here and in readiness. Captain Merrill says the thing is practicable so far as he has been able to discover, and he will go to works at once on the arrival of Buell unless your order to the contrary.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

