HDQRS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Resaca, May 14, 1864.

General CORSE;

Your note is received. You exactly conceive my project. The pontoon instead of going direct to Lay's from the gap, came this way, but it must now he near you. Keep it out of sight till the last moment Get all things ready under cover for our bridge and make a lodgment by means of all the other boats; there are enough for three bridges. General Sweeny's division is also on its way, and I want it to-day (or to-night will do) across the Oostenaula in a strong defensive position out from the river about a mile on the best ground that can be found, and roads cut to the bridges. As soon as one bridge is done, the other should also be made there, if possible. I will send more infantry if necessary. General Sweeny has three batteries. Show him this. He has orders from General McPherson, and will command. You direct the cavalry until I give further orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Resaca, May 14, 18643-8 a. m.

General GARRARD,

Commanding Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: You will move your whole command down the valley toward Rome in one or two columns by Dirt Town or Dry Cree. If you can possibly cross Oostenaula make a strike for the railroad anywhere north of Kingston. Do this in your own way, but do it thoroughly and well. I will commence crossing McPherson about Lay's Ferry near the mouth of Snake Creek to-day; he will move on the Rome road; communicate with him but do not wait for him. If it be impossible to cross the Oostenaula with even a raiding force, then threaten Rome, and the Coosa below Rome, that the enemy may not receive provisions, forage, or re-enforcements from that direction. Make your own arrangements as to wagons and artillery; the less wheels you have, the better; but I leave to you-only act with the utmost possible energy and celerity. Johnston is retreating and is encumbered with wagons. I think he is making for Allatoona, but it is not positively demonstrated yet. The breaking of the railroad north of Kingston is desirable on any hypothesis.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Villanow, May 14, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day, 8 a. m., is just received. I will move at once and do the best I can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

