
MAY 14-15, 1864-12 midnight.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Hooker has just been here and tells me his whole corps is on the extreme left with General Howard. Schofield is thus thrown at the angle. Order Hooker and Howard to attack in the morning directly south down upon Resaca. I will order Schofield to fight down the valley of Camp Creek, and I wish you to keep General Palmer's corps on the bluffs on this side of Camp Creek on the defensive. I find his troops quite thick this afternoon, and suggest you send Jeff. Davis' division, which was in reserve on Palmer's right, filling the gap made by Hooker's withdrawal to the extreme left and Harrow[s division which is now in support of McPherson's advance line. This change should be ordered at once and completed by daylight. I think if Johnston has observed the changes he will endeavor to be on the ground taken by McPherson this evening and attack him in force, I think Palmer may take a defensive line from McPherson's battery on Bald Hill to where we found Schofield's right, and as the line of Hooker and Howard advances Schofield will be crowded and may be sent to the extreme left, where he belongs. Please answer this to-night, as I do not wish to sleep till I know you have made this necessary orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR RESACA, GA., May 15, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have been fighting all day, pressing the enemy, and gaining substantial advantage at all points. We will strengthen the line of circumvallation, so as to spare a larger force to operate across the Oostenaula, below Resaca. Two pontoon bridges are over at Lay's Ferry. The enemy attacked the brigade thrown across to cover the bridge, but was handsomely repulsed, leaving 40 dead. I cannot estimate our dead and wounded up to this hour, but it will fall much short of 3,000. The cars now run down to within seven miles of us, and we have every facility to provide for the wounded. The troops fight well, and everything works smoothly. We intend to fight Joe Johnston until he is satisfied, and I hope he will not attempt to escape. If he does, my bridges are down, and we will be after him. The country is mountainous and heavily wooded, giving the party on the defensive every advantage, and our losses result mostly from sharpshooters and ambush firing.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 15, 1864-1 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 12 midnight received. Before I left the field this evening I had ordered General Hooker on the extreme

