
left, and Palmer to take care of the ground left by Hooker, on the heights bordering Camp Creek, with instructions to prepare his line so as to make it as near impregnable as possible. Butterfield's division has been ordered out and directed to join Hooker's left, and had commenced moving before I left the field, leaving Palmer to hold his line with two divisions.

I have just received a dispatch from General Hooker, in which he informs me that one of his brigade and Fifth Indiana Battery successfully resisted an attempts on part of Hood's corps to turn our left. The substance of your instructions were ordered by me before I left the field. Your orders for the advance of Howard and Hooker in the morning will be reiterated. Palmer has also been ordered that as soon as his left is relieved by the advance of Schofield and Hooke, he support that movement with his left flank.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Resaca, May 15, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just visited McPherson's line. He occupies a ridge in front of Camp Creek, seemingly within range of the bridge, and the line is pretty well fortified already. McPherson is preparing batteries to advantage guns on his right front (extreme). The guns on Bald Hill enfilade the road into Resaca, which passes around the point of the hill. The enemy appear to be assembling a line of troops parallel to McPherson, the latter thinks, to assault, but I would ask nothing more favorable. The second line is on the range of hills of which Bald Hill is one, and terminates at its left at the branch of Camp Creek which flows east and passes near my headquarters. Baird was in the act of relieving the division of Harrow, which was on the north of that branch of Camp Creek, and now Harrow's division is in reserve behind McPherson's batteries. I think his whole line is completed, and by the time you get this guns will be in the advanced line. I have sent Poe to examine Palmer's line, which should rest its right on the creek which should be the division line between McPherson and Palmer, and run along the hills that overlook the valley of Camp Creek. With pickets down to the willows on the creek, and the crests well line, the position would be impregnable. Now you have Howard's and Hooker's corps beyond Camp Creek looking south, with Schofield, as it were, in reserve, and the less time we give the enemy to fortify the better. I want to hear the sound of that line advancing directly down the road on Resaca till it comes within range of the forts. Whilst this advance is being made McPherson's guns will make the bridge and vicinity too hot for the passage of troops. I am very anxious this advance should be made to-day, that we may secure a line whose left rests on the Connesauga. I have sent Corse down to see what progress Sweeny is making.

I am yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

