
upon Resaca. He will order Schofield to fight down the valley of Camp Creek and Palmer, with Johnson's and Davis's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, will remain in his present position on the defensive until the left of his line is relieved by the advance of Schofield, when it will participate in the advance. When Schofield becomes crowded out by the advance he will be sent to the extreme left, where he belongs. It is necessary that the disposition for this movement be completed by daylight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 15, 1864-5.15 a. m.

[General PALMER:]

GENERAL: I am on my way to General Schofield to represent to him the necessity of putting Hovey's brigade or division in the place now occupied by Baird, that you may withdraw Baird and put him on the right to hill the gap between your present right and McPherson's left, which will be caused by the advancing of Harrow's division to the support of McPherson. The latter [has carried] a very important series of hills in front of Camp Creek, within easy range of the bridge, and by so doing has weakened his relative position. Hence the necessity of advancing Harrow's division, and the consequent closing of the gap on our part. Please confer with General Schofield and give the necessary orders for the removal of Baird without delay.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 15, 1864-6.20 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

A note from General Whipple advises me that he has called upon you for Hovey's troops to relieve Baird on my left. What was agreed upon? How many men has Hovey?

Respectfully,

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 15, 1864 -11 a. m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

My men are all in position, with Turchin in reserve. You needed feel no uneasiness about this front. Although it would be difficult [to] advance from, there is no trouble about holding it. I have seen General Logan, who connects with me on other side of the creek. Davis' position is as satisfactory as mine.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

