
works are sufficiently advanced for its protection. Was opposed in crossing by artillery and infantry, but have succeeded in dispersing both.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 15, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

General Sweeny occupies the Rome Cross-Roads, two miles out from river. Am closing up as fast as possible. Which road do we take?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lay's Ferry, May 15, 1864.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: General Sweeny crossed about 200 men in boats after dark last night, and pushed back the pickets in their immediate front, capturing some 20 or 30 prisoners and a flag. Hearing that enemy were crossing at Calhoun Ferry from different, and to him authentic, sources, he withdrew without attacking the enemy's works or sending more over. He sent a party over his morning about daylight and brought over the wounded left there last night, and the officers reported they could see nothing. Upon this information he endeavored to cross his command, when the enemy appeared in strong force. He is now making efforts to push over some troops in the boats under cover of banks lined with skirmishers. Colonel Bane, with two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery, was sent last night to Calhoun Ferry, and this morning directed to open and make all demonstration possible. General Sweeny will make every effort to get a bridge over. An officer has just reported that we have got two boat-loads over, and the rest of Colonel Rice's brigade is crossing rapidly as possible in a place about one mile distant from where the pontoon boats were launched (and which is a dangerous place now, the enemy having discovered our object.)

Colonel Buell has commenced to put his pontoons together. We have over a regiment across the ferry proper, and in one hour the boats will be in the water ready for the balks and cheeses. I shall send you further information at noon.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I sent the cavalry as directed down on the right. Everything up to this time is very quiet.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 15, 1864-12 m.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: The bridge is finished, one brigade across, and the balance of Sweeny's command crossing. The rebel are not visible in any large

