
force. The troops are intrenching themselves on the other side. I will send out a small cavalry force to feel the front after the infantry and artillery have crossed.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- Should like to hear what is the condition of affairs with you There will be another bridge across soon.

C.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lay's Ferry, May 15, 1864-5 p. m.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: After gaining possession of the other bank and getting two brigades into position, Jackson's brigade, of Walker's division, Hardee's corps, assaulted in line of battle and drove our men toward the river till the batteries in position on this side opened with such execution as to send them back, followed by our men, capturing and killing quite a number. This assault proved advantageous to us in two ways; one, it gave us command of a better position, and another, it so demoralized the enemy as to deter him from attempting the same thing again. We are now in possession of a ridge about half a mile from the bridges, which, when properly fortified, which will be done to-night, will resist a large force. I have been over the ground and think the position quite strong. We found forty been rebels on the field; we lost about 100 killed and wounded. The prisoners captured belong respectively to the Fifth, Sixty-fifth, and Forty-seventh, and Eighth Georgia [Battalion] Infantry, and Fifth Mississippi Infantry. The division embraces Mercer's, Jackson's, Stevenson's, and Gist's brigade, each about 1,200 strong, two batteries of four guns each. The division has been employed in patrolling the railroad between Resaca and Calhoun, and arrived here about 11 a. m. to-day under orders from Hardee. I further learned that Forrest was expected at Calhoun last night. Martins' division of cavalry, with one battery, has been here all the time we have, but our artillery hurt them so as to compel them to leave last night. I have not yet heard from the cavalry force I sent down toward Rome. Will use them to protect the flanks, and remain here to-night. We are quite anxious to hear of Thomas's effort. By the way, the prisoners said one of our shells (from McPherson's front, I think) struck one of the road regiments passing over the bridge at Resaca, yesterday, at a double-quick, and killed and hurt many. This bridge is near the railroad bridge.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Resaca, May 15, 1864.

General GARRARD,

Farmer's Bridge, across Oostenaula River:

GENERAL: I regret exceedingly you did not avail yourself of the chance I gave you to cut the railroad. At the time you reached the bridge, Martin's cavalry was all that was on that flank, and they widely scattered. Forrest on the 6th was retreating before

