
Sam. Strugis, in Mississippi, toward Tupelo. In person he may be at Rome, but if his horses are there they can outmarch ours. Roddey on the 11th was at Tuscumbia. Now Martin's and Wheeler's divisions are covering the retreat of Johnston for Allatoona, and I want you to dash in and strike the retreating masses in flank and all round. Leave your artillery at the bridge, or better still, throw it into the Oostenaula, and operate rapidly against the enemy retreating by all roads for Atlanta via Allatoona. From Adairsville to Kingston is a place to strike, and from Kingston to the railroad bridge across Etowah (Hightower.) I will send a division of infantry to come round by the bridge you describe, eight miles above Rome, to push up your wagons and incumbrances. Now, do not spare horse-flesh, but strike boldly on the flank of the retreating columns. McPherson will cross Oostenaula by Lay's Ferry, and get on Resaca and Rome road. Thomas will pursue the railroad, and Schofield on his left over on the old Kingston road. You can depend on meeting McPherson first, as his bridge is done at Lay's Ferry. Stoneman is over on the left somewhere. McCook will be with Thomas, and Kilpatrick with McPherson. I would re-enforce you, but 3,000 cavalry is as much as you need and can whip any cavalry you encounter. Can't attack infantry in line unless disordered, nor forts. I send General Corse down to represent me.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CAMP, NEAR RESACA, GA., May 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Assistant Superintendent, U. S. Military Telegraph:

Severe fighting yesterday with advantages on our side, and at night we had gained and held commanding position half a mile from Resaca. Rebels thrown brigade over river. To-day Thomas attacks Johnston's right, with General Schofield in reserve, and McPherson holds what he gained yesterday, and turns rebel left by crossing strong force at Lay's Ferry. As I write, the attack is going on and is very heavy, meeting stubborn resistance. General Sherman is confident of bagging all the rebels in Resaca. Johnston is said to have gone to Rome with Hood's corps, leaving only Hardee's here. This, however, is disbelieved at headquarters. Another dispatch to-night.

F. S. VAN VALKENBURG,

Cipher Operator.

NEAR RESACA, GA., May 15, 1864-11 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington:

Our lines have been advanced on the left by the Twentieth Corps nearly a mile. Two lines of earth-works were stormed to effect it. General Stoneman crossed the Connesauga River, destroyed a wagon train, captured 2 guns, and thrashed Roddey. He is still moving to Johnston's rear. Prisoners to-day say we have four corps to fight, and that Johnston commands in person. No report at 11 p. m. from General McPherson's operations on rebel left.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

