
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 7. In the Field of Resaca, Ga., May 15, 1864.

I. Dalton is announced as the present of supplies, but the railroad superintendent may bring forward trains of cars with ammunition or special articles up to the very rear of the army. The wagons trains will be brought out of Snake Creek Gap and that route abandoned. Wagon trains will take post under direction of the proper staff officers and guard to the rear of their respective armies.

II. Commanders of armies will aim to keep on hand ten days' supply of meat and bread, and as much forage as they can, keeping their mules in as good order as possible, looking to the probability of a long march.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.,

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

May 15, 1864-6.45 p. m.

The present arrangements of our lines, makes it extremely probable that the enemy will mass his forces against some part of them. Division commanders will themselves exercise the most active vigilance, watching all parts, and enjoin the same vigilance upon their subordinates. Let careful watch be kept upon the picket-line, and every sign of movement be observed and reported. Be careful to place the outposts under the command of the most intelligent and active officer. Corps headquarters will be where they were last night, and an officer ready to receive them.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.,

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, May 15, 1864.

Information has been received at these headquarters that the enemy are retreating south; heavy trains going in that direction. Brigade commanders will throw forward a picked party of men, in a very thin skirmish line, to ascertain if the enemy is still in our front. This must be done by the men approaching near enough to hear enemy should he be in our front, but not by drawing their fire or returning it. The men will be sent out soon after midnight, and especially charged to be cautions, and try to get near enough to gain the desired information.

There must be a systematic understanding between the different parties thus sent out, and a report forwarded to these headquarters as soon as they shall return.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- A later dispatch having been received you will in consequence send out the parties referred to immediately.

Complete your fortifications in present position as rapidly as possible, and send pioneer corps to north side river to finish fortifications there.

