
3,375. The above will fully cover the entire number of wounded, and the proportion of serious wounds is smaller than usual. The number of dead not yet reported, but will not exceeded the usual proportion. The names of killed and wounded officers will reach you through army commanders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Resaca, May 16, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Dispatch a good division down the old Rome road which passes down the west of the Oostenaula, four miles west of this to Farmer's Bridge, which is eight miles north of Rome. There will be found General Garrard's train of artillery which he will leave there while he operates against the flank of Johnston's retreating army. Order the division to leave its train to follow its corps and to cross the Oostenaula, and move toward Kingstown till it rejoins its own corps, whose route of march will be on Kingston. Take the division from the corps, say Palmer's (Baird's or Jeff. Davis'), which will I suppose be your right flank as you move south, and can most easily effect its junction. I want this division to move at once and rapidly. The bridge is standing.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN FIELD, Near Resaca, May 16, 1864.

General THOMAS, Present:

The enemy are gone. Use all possible vigor to pass the river at the railroad bridge and Newtown. Direct your march on the main retiring army and I will order McPherson to pursue by the right flank, viz, the pontoon bridge, and on that Garrard took at about eight miles north of Rome.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[General PALMER:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you leave a division for to-day in Resaca or cross the river on the opposite side until the full state of affairs is known.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS

In the Field, May 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER,Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that in case the enemy have evacuated their works in your front you occupy same, throwing forward a heavy line of skirmishers, and then await further orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. TINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

