
thing remaining at or near Newtown with which a bridge can be constructed. If there is not, pontoons will be ordered up.

R. H. HALL,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

NEAR FORKS OF ROAD, GA.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My column will halt here until we hear from Newtown, to which place Lieutenant-Colonel Asmussen has gone in pursuance of within orders. I am, very respectfully,

JNO. W. GEARY

Brigadier-General.

SIMM'S HOUSE,

On Railroad, May 16, 1864- 8.30 a.m.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 15th instant. In reply, I have the state that I wrote to General Elliott last night as follows:

MAY 15, 1864-9.12 p.m.

GENERAL: My position now is on the left of General schofield's line. We repulsed an attempt of the enemy to throw a force on our flank this afternoon and took some prisoners, horses, mules, and a wagon. One of the most intelligent prisoners told me that their officers say that Johnston will make his strong fight on our right. I will keep moving as nearly as possible on the continuation of our left.

This morning my troops occupy the country half a mile in front beyond the point of wood south of Simms' house. In accordance with orders received from Major-General Hooker I have sent a brigade across the river to ascertain whether the enemy has retreated in that direction. If General Schofield swings his left around onto the river I think there will be no further use for cavalry on this side. I received yesterday at Tilton 600 sacks of corn by rail. Have left one company in town to occupy the place and take care of the forage. I will probably cross the river to-day with my whole force, unless I receive orders to the contrary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, May 16, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Colonel J. B. DORR,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that on the reception of this you will march and rejoin your command, being careful not to interfere with the infantry column that may be on the road. The command will encamp to-night near Field's Mill. The orderlies who bear this will show you the road. You may be able, however, to find a shorter one across the country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

