
The major-general commanding directs that you also take charge of the Northern Alabama and Memphis and Charleston railroads from Huntsville to Stevenson, and general charge of the Northwestern road. Your suggestion to send three regiments of the Indiana cavalry to Pulaski meets the approval of the major-general commanding the department, who directs that you proceed at once to carry it into effect, and place Colonel Johnson in command of the whole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Commanding Fourth Div., Cav., Army of the Cumberland, Nashville:

GENERAL: In consequence of the retreat of the enemy southward, Granger's brigade has been ordered to join the army and General Rousseau to put his remaining force in the block-houses. The major-general commanding directs that you keep the road well patrolled with your cavalry. Your brigade now at Gallatin can be left there. The militia there has been ordered to Bridgeport.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 16, 1864-2.15 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of midnight is to hand, and the general commanding says it's very well, and to secure a strong flank on the river, keeping your one division in reserve. General Garrard is in possession of the bridge over Oostenaula, eight miles this side of Rome (at Farmer's). General Sweeny has pontoon laid and a good lodgment on the south bank at Lay's Ferry, and as soon as our line is shortened so the force can be spared, I will cross the river below Resaca in force. News from the East continues very good. Dispatch to-night says Phil. Sheridan has broken both railroads between Hanover Junction and Richmond; has fought, defeated, and killed Major-General Stuart, broken the other road south, captured outer line of works at Richmond, and made junction with Butler; also destroyed Lee's supply depot.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Resaca, May 16, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I will attend General Thomas' army to-morrow and expect to be at or beyond Adairsville to-morrow night. I wish you to push somewhat, and to be as near abreast as possible. I expect you

14 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

