HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Marsh's House, May 3, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division:

Encamped here; Cruft in advance. He will lead to-morrow, starting at 5 a. m., via Switzer's Brannan's, and Salem Church. Your train will encamp not far from Blackburn's; General Newton's just this side of the Widow Tucker's. The trains will all follow General Wood to-morrow. Start you head of column at 5 a. m. to-morrow, yourself and General Newton pursuing the same order of march as to-day. Communicate with General McCook so as to satisfy yourself with regard to his position. His train had better follow ours so as to reach him as soon as possible after our arrival at Catoosa Springs; however, he will know best about that. Please allow General Newton to read this.

By command of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Marsh's House, May 3, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs that you march at 5.30 a. m. to-morrow, following General Cruft. General Cruft's train will follow your troops immediately, and your train will follow his. The general wishes you to have your inspector examine the entire train while en route to-morrow with a view to surplus baggage, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Gordon's Mills, Ga., May 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of yours of this date directing me to establish my division near the line of road between Love's and Pleasant Grove. Should the brigade of Colonel Ross arrive to-night I shall move early in the morning. Letter of instructions states that the passes through Taylor's Ridge to your right and front require vigilant picketing. I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the fact that the official maps show these passes to be five and eight miles, respectively, from the right of the position near where I am directed to establish my line. If the passes are picketed by infantry they will have to be entirely detached from the division. I have no cavalry. I find none here.

Is it desired that I should establish my line in front of the line of road mentioned, or in rear of it? By the map the road seems to run through a gorge or pass in the Chickamauga Hills. These questions may and probably will all solve themselves upon my arrival on the ground. Nevertheless I think it proper to state them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

