
will cross Coosawattee by one or other of the fords about Field's and to move via Big Spring to near the point where so many roads seem to center, about four miles east of Adairsville.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Harlan's Cross-Roads, near McClure's Ford, May 16, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Cox's division, with my artillery and trains, are on the old Cassville road, and will reach the Coosawattee to-night. The other two divisions, in trying to reach the old Cassville road by a shorter route ran into Hooker's column which had started south, but turned east, and headed them off. General Hooker is building a bridge at McClure's Ford, which is said to be only a cavalry ford, though the best on the river within reach. General Hooker informs me he will be across by noon to-morrow, earlier. I will cross Hovey and Judah on the same bridge, and direct Cox to build one for himself near Field's Ferry, if any time can be saved thereby. I will inform you often and fully of my progress.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Road from Hogan's Ford, East, May 16, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have just reached the crossing where you left your orderly. We were delayed in crossing the ford by having to wait for McCook's cavalry to pass. Will push forward on the road east, though I have some doubt whether the main road to Cassville be not one nearer than that due south from Spring Place.

Since writing above I have received the accompanying from General McCook and forward it for your information. I follow his orderly sent as guide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Matthews', May 16, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding:

GENERAL: The head of my column is here where Major Wherry left me. The artillery and wagons will, I fear, be late getting in, and the train cannot get here to-night, the fording being slow on account of the nature of the river-bank. I learn here that Hooker's troops are at Field's Mill, and this makes me think it of doubtful policy to attempt to reach them, even if the artillery and trains were on hand, but as they are belated I think it advisable not to try to go farther unless you regard it very important. If you do, please advise me and I will move at once.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

J. D. COX.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

