HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Resaca, May 16, 1864.

General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I will attend General Thomas' army to-morrow and hope to reach Adairsville. You had better mass your men a little in front of Calhoun, and when you know Thomas is advancing south of Calhoun keep abreast or a little ahead of him. I presume you are all across the Oostenaula. You may order the pontoon train to take up the bridge and follow you to the Etowah. Thomas has a trestle bridge, here, one pontoon, and one made on the wreck of the railroad bridge, yet the passage has been slower than I estimated. I will push the column to-morrow. Hooker is off to the right [left] somewhere, but not at Newtown. The road laid down on the cloth map by McGuire's and Woodland is your true course, provided the enemy has on my theory retreated on Allatoona. Bear in mind that Garrard's cavalry is in your front, and that Jeff. Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps, is on the west bank of the Oostenaula approaching a bridge eight miles above Rome. His route will bring him by McGuire's and Woodland. Be sure to communicate your position to-morrow night, and if you fire signal guns with five minutes' interval I will understand it as the head of your column.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, one mile from Rome Forks of Road,

May 16, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Sweeny's division advanced from the pontoon bridge this morning skirmishing most of the way, followed by Veatch and the Fifteenth Army Corps. On reaching the forks of the road nearly abreast of Calhoun the enemy made a decided stand, and some pretty heavy skirmishing ensued. They appeared to be massing troops on our right in the direction of Rome, and at the same time had a battery of not more than two guns, I think, on a hill across the creek in the direction of Calhoun which had a cross fire on the road in which we were to advance and in fact Colonel Burke's brigade was in advance of this point. Some three our four prisoners whom we captured say that three divisions are in our front under Hardee. I do not believe they will be here to-morrow morning; if they are I shall try to be ready for them. I shall move at 7 o'clock which will give me time to reconnoiter the hills on my flanks and for the mist to clear up before advancing. Colonel Burke was wounded and will probably lose his leg. Our loss small. I have my troops well across the river and in good position. The country is densely wooded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General

