HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lay's Ferry, May 16, 1864-2 a.m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received information from Colonel Murray, commanding cavalry division, that the enemy are constructing a bridge about a mile north of Calhoun Ferry. Captain Lowe, Ninth Illinois Infantry, also informs me that heavy trains or artillery have been passing Gideon's Ford south for several hours. I ordered a thin line of skirmishers to be thrown out in front of my position about midnight, to feel the enemy cautiously and ascertain their strength and position. I have just received a report of the result of this reconnaissance, and I am satisfied the enemy are retreating south. My men have been out two miles in front of our pickets and report no enemy there.

I will await four orders.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General,

[Indorsement.]

MAY 16, 1864-5 a.m.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Sherman. I have directed General Sweeny to hold his position strongly, as we may need his bridges to cross on in pursuit if the enemy has retreated. My skirmishers have been pressing forward for the last hour to find out the fact.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

LAY'S FERRY, May 16, 1864-2.30 a.m.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: The indications in our front are that there is a diminution of the enemy. I have been annoyed by report from the cavalry in Calhoun Ferry Neck to the effect that the enemy are bridging, &amp;c., I expect they are fortifying, &c. I have a report from Gideon's Ferry, where I have kept a battery going most of the day, that they stopped the cars from coming up, and they do not pass up farther toward Resaca now. Also that trains of wagons have been heard going south from Resaca since midnight. I have heard nothing yet from the cavalry sent off to the right to-day. Colonel Rice reports from across the river that he finds nothing in his front for a distance of three-quarters of a mile, and thinks the enemy gone. Colonel Bane on his left and directly in front has not reported yet, but is feeling to see if anything is there. Colonel Bane reports he has examined for one mile and a half in his front and finds no enemy. They heard the trains moving below Calhoun. The enemy is gone. Shall we pursue?

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, May 16, 1864-4.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General SWEENY,

Commanding Division, Lay's Ferry:

GENERAL: It is believed the enemy has crossed the river to the south, and are retreating through Calhoun. They have burned the

