
DECATUR, ALA., May 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet, but a few hundred rebels in my front as yet. Negroes report Lee and Roddey have fallen back this side; say Forrest is with them. My works are growing daily, but I am of the opinion the enemy will not attack here, but go along the railroad. They must be whipped near Elk River.

C. L. MATTHIES,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General C. L. MATTHIES, Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: The detachment of Twenty-sixth Missouri and Ninety-third Illinois Infantry, now doing guard duty on the railroad bridges between this place and Decatur, you will relieve, and direct the commanding officer of the Fifth Iowa, Infantry with his command to guard and take charge of the railroad from Decatur to Indian Creek, establishing regimental headquarters, at the most central place on the line, that rapid communication may be made with the whole command.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR RESACA, GA., May 16, 1864.

(Received 3.10 p.m.)

Major ECKERT;

Resaca was evacuated at midnight, and occupied without resistance by our forces this morning. Our losses amount in all to 3,000. Vigorous pursuit is made, but results not yet known.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph.

RESACA, GA., May 16, 1864

(Received 1 a.m. 17th.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Johnson is in rapid retreat, and General Sherman crowding him. I heard our artillery attacking his rear guard this afternoon. Up to present time 3,312 wounded have been reported to Doctor Kittoe, medical director. Our entire losses will not fall short of 4,500. Rebel losses less in killed and wounded, but we have about 500 or 600 prisoners and 8 guns. General Sherman expects to reach Kingston to-morrow evening. I shall be there with line if he gets there with army. The distance is twenty-five miles.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS,

Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864. (Received 12 m. 17th.)

The PRESIDENT:

I have accompanied General Sherman's army in the successful campaign from Chattanooga to Resaca, witnessing the retreat of the enemy from successive lines of fortified positions through forty miles of

