
mountains. If Georgia cannot be defended on its northern frontier it cannot be defended anywhere. The condition of our army is admirable, all that could be desired. The operations of McPherson on the right, and Thomas on the center, rendered the enemy's works, at Resaca untenable besides threatening his communication. Johnston's retreat, out-maneuvered at Dalton and driven from Resaca, will demoralize his army to the level of Bragg's after Lookout Mountain and Mission Ridge. The advance of Logan's corps on the right on Saturday, and Hooker's assault yesterday on Hood's intrenched camp on our left, both of which I was fortunate enough to see, will rank among the brilliant achievements of the war. Among the trophies I may mention a battery and a battalion of prisoners with its colonel and flag. The assault was made by Butterfield's division, supported by Williams and Geary. The enemy abandoned artillery, small-arms, materials, and subsistence collected at the depot. Prisoners are brought in every hour. The aggregate must be large. Although the enemy destroyed the bridges over the Oostenaula to escape pursuit, Sherman is already after him and close upon his heels. To-morrow I return to Nashville en route for the Mississippi.

D. E. SICKLES

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 8. In the Field, Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864

The enemy having retreated south, the following general plan will be pursued until he is beyond the Etowah River:

I. Major-General Thomas will pursue substantially by the line of the railroad to Kingston and Etowah bridge, keeping his forces well in hand at all times, but using two or three roads when available.

II. Major-General McPherson will move substantially by the Rome road, keeping up communication with the center.

III. Major-General Schofield will get over on the old Federal road from Spring Place to Cassville, or other road in that neighborhood. IV. The repairs of the railroad and telegraph lines must be pushed forward with all possible rapidity, but troops must not wait for them.

V. Commanders of armies and the cavalry divisions will forward all prisoners of ward to Resaca, there to be delivered to the provost-marshall of the Department of the Cumberland, and sent to the rear. Provost-marshals will be particular in making and sending the proper record of prisoners; deserters and refugees from the enemy will be likewise rendezvoused, and kept separate from prisoners, and disposed of according to known orders.

VI. The provost of the Department of the Cumberland will make arrangements to receive at Resaca all prisoners collected by the above orders, and send them to the proper depots of prisoners at the North with as much expedition as possible.

VII. The regiments of dismounted Indiana cavalry now at the Camp of Instruction in Nashville, are hereby assigned to the Department of the Cumberland, and the commanding general of that department and army will give all the necessary orders for their proper employment.

VIII. Major-General Thomas is charged with the duty of guarding all railroads to our rear, including all the country north of the Tennessee, and the post and bridge at Decatur, Ala., and Major-General McPherson may call forward to his army the effective corps and regiments now at and around Huntsville as soon as he can, leaving only small guards

