
till they are relieved by detachments of the Army of the Cumberland, and his non-effective force, under suitable officers, will be left at any suitable point to the rear, say Stevenson or Bridgeport.

IX. Major-General McPherson will collect a force of about 4,000 or 5,000 men out of the militia and garrisons of Paducah and Columbus, Ky., and place them at some suitable point ont he Tennessee River, about Eastport, to serve as a threat to North Alabama, and as a support to General Washburn's operations in Mississippi.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 136. Near Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864.

I. The First and Second Regiments Kentucky Volunteers, now at Ooltewah, and the two regiments of volunteers belonging to the Fourth Army Corps, now at Cleveland, Tenn., will march to the front without delay and join their respective brigades.

II. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Brigadier General R. S. Granger commanding, is hereby ordered to march without unnecessary delay to Decatur, Ala., where General Granger will establish his headquarters, and picket the Tennessee River from that point to Stevenson, Ala., Brigadier General John F. Miller, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Brigadier-General Granger in the command of the city and post of Nashville, Tenn.

III. Brigadier-General Starkweather, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the garrison at Pulaski, Tenn., and will report to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps District of Nashville, for orders.

By command of Major-General Thomas

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

May 16, 1864.

Order of march for to-day: First, Geary's division; second Williams' division; third, Butterfield's division. The general direction will be by the Resaca road, leaving Resaca to the right, and, if practicable, to cross the river at Newtown. If we cannot cross the river at that point it will be by the ford higher up, of which information will be furnished as soon as obtained. The commands will get under way at once. The wagon trains have been ordered up.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 16, 1864-. For General Butterfield's congratulatory orders, see Part II, p. 321.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 4. In the Field, Ga., May 16, 1864.

I. The corps will march at once, by way of the nearest practicable fords of the Connesauga, to the main road from Spring Place to Cassville, and thence toward Cassville.

