
The command is expected to reach the point where the Spring Place and Cassville roads cross the Coosawattee to-night.

The supply train, now near the army, will move under guard of the regiment of General Hovey's division now guarding it, by the fords near Tilton, and will keep as near the army as practicable.

All baggage and supply trains now at the rear will follow and join the army without delay, via Dalton, Tilton, and the fords near Tilton.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall is hereby temporarily relieved from command of the Second Brigade, Second Division, and will report for duty to Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding Third Division.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 11. Near Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864.

I. The army will immediately be put in motion on the road to Rome, Ga., crossing at Lay's Ferry, Brigadier-General Dodge having the advance. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Corps will follow promptly, and every precaution will be used to prevent delay.

II. The command will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks. Cartridge-boxes and ammunition-chests will be refilled from the supply train.

III. Brigadier-General Dodge will instruct his quartermaster to turn over without delay to Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster Fifteenth Corps, the teams temporarily loaned for the use of the Sixteenth Corps. The teams can be halted at Lay's Ferry and sent back from that point if practicable.

IV. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Corps, will cause to be detailed from his command a competent officer to act as commissary for the hospitals of this command at Resaca. He will report for instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Morton, chief commissary of subsistence Fifteenth Corps who will see that a sufficient number of beef-cattle are turned over to the officer detailed as herein provided for the use of the hospitals.

V. The following orders and instructions are issued for the information and guidance of corps and division commanders:

1. All the wounded of this army will be collected together in hospitals as near as practicable to the town of Resaca. There they will remain until transportation to the North can be provided for them by cars, which will be done in a few days. A commissary has been appointed for the hospitals with instructions to furnish fresh beef and other necessary commissary stores.

2. Resaca having been designated as the present depot for supplies, all empty trains will be sent to that point, loaded as fast as possible, and sent forward on the route taken by the Army of the Tennessee.

3. To secure a sufficient supply of ordnance stores at all times, division commanders will appoint an assistant ordnance officer of their respective divisions, whose duty it shall be to take charge of the division ordnance train going to the rear to procure the necessary amount of ordnance and get it forward to the command without any delay.

