
VI. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will have the advance to-morrow, and will move his command at 7 o'clock on the Rome road. General Logan will [move] forward cautiously, feeling out well to the right and left, endeavoring to communicate on his left with the column of General Thomas.

VII. The cavalry division, with the exception of one regiment to be employed as advance guard and flankers, will follow the Fifteenth Corps.

VIII. Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will follow the cavalry division.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, GA., May 17, 1864.

(Received 12.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Get Captain Merrill's map at the Chief Engineer's Office, as I use it in my dispatches. General McPherson is all across the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry, and is out abreast of Calhoun. General Thomas is across here, where we have improvised three bridges, and General Schofield has passed the Connesauga at Fite's Ferry, and will pass the Coosawattee at or near Field's. To-night I propose my three head of columns to be abreast of Adairsville. Johnston will be compelled to fight on this side of the Etowah or be forced to divide his army, or give up either Rome or Allatoona. If he attempts to hold both, I will break the line at Kingston. If he concentrates at Kingston, I will break his railroads right and left, and fight him square in front. My belief is he will abandon Kingston and Rome, and retire on Allatoona, beyond the Etowah, in which case I will fix up my roads to Kingston, and then determine in what manner to advance beyond the Etowah. It will take five days to repair the railroad bridge here. We are abundantly supplied, and our animals are improving on the grass and grain fields, which now afford good pasture. I start in person now for Adairsville. I think everything has progressed and is progressing as favorably as we could expect; but I know we must have one or more bloody battles, such as have characterized Grant's terrific struggles. Johnston has Hardee's, Hood's and Polk's corps, with irregulars and militia on his lines of communication. His cavalry outnumbers ours, but acts on the defensive.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Adairsville, May 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army and Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: It is probable on reaching Adairsville in the early morning we will find the enemy has retreated via Cassville. If such be the case I want you to put your head of column after him as far as Cassville, when I will determine whether to continue the pursuit as far as Cartersville or let him go. I prefer he should divide between Rome

