
ONE-HALF MILE FROM RED CLAY, May 3, 1864.

Major W. M. WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp, Department of the Ohio:

I have just received on order from General Elliott, after starting on the march, requiring me to cover your left with one brigade, and General Howard's with the other, conforming to their movements. As I was on the march I consulted with General Stanley, and concluded with him that the best point to protect your flanks would be by covering the roads in the direction of Red Clay. I send Colonel Dorr, First Brigade, to report to you and receive any orders changing the disposition of his troops. Be kind enough to transmit a copy of any orders you may given him this evening to me, and hereafter through me, in order that I may know what disposition has been made of my command, as I am in entire ignorance of what General Schofield's movements will be, or when he will march. The only manner in which I can comply with the order of chief of cavalry intelligently is to receive some intimation of them and make the necessary arrangements for supply in the position of my command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN., May 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Chattanooga:

Howard moved this afternoon. My advance is at Blue Springs to-night. Two of my division will move to Red Clay to-morrow morning, so as to be within supporting distance of General Howard.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your division move at 5 a. m. to-morrow to Blue Springs. All the troops will be rationed this evening to include the 5th instant. Cars will run to Red Clay to-morrow and till further orders, carrying provisions for the troops. Ordnance stores for the First Division will be sent by rail to Red Clay. Trains as they arrive will be sent forward to that point unless otherwise ordered. Until further orders troops will carry three days' rations in haversacks, and if possible three days' rations will be carried in regimental wagons for Red Clay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Second and Third Divisions move to Red Clay to-morrow, staring at 5 a. m.,

