
dispatch. I started my command in accordance with Colonel Asmussen's verbal order to move when I got it together. I had crossed my ammunition train by ferry, heard of my artillery at Calhoun taken there by Brannan, and that Schofield informed me that you had sent the trains via Resaca. I left 200 men and pioneers with my intrenching tools to cross my trains at Field's Ford. If this is unnecessary by your changing the march of my trains via Resaca or by Le Duc doing so, please advise me that I may call in the party. Schofield was just about crossing at Field's, expecting to make twelve miles from there by night in the direction of Cassville. No news from any source except deserters, who say the enemy will stand at Allatoona. I have about 20 prisoners and deserters.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

Please send this word back by orderly.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS.

May 17, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel LE DUC,Chief Quartermaster:

After crossing your whole train over the Oostenaula you will move the train on the nearest road to a point on the Newton, and Adairsville road, about three or four miles due east from Calhoun, where said road is intersected by the Calhoun and Field's Mill Ferry road. The corps is crossing the Coosawattee this a.m. at Field's Mill and McClure's Ferry, and will be at the point indicated to-night. An orderly will [be] sent to you on the southside of the Oostenaula River when it is safe to move to that point.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

CHAS. W. ASMUSSEN,

Assistant Inspector-General.

BIG SPRING, May 17, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I cannot get my command beyond this point to-night without going in the dark. The cavalry has been down to the point where the road from this place to Adairsville crosses the well-defined road from Calhoun, about three miles from this place. I send this by an officer and party of men from General McCook's command, who can bring me your orders.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Adairsville, May 17, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Near Big Spring:

GENERAL: Captain Poe is here and has explained your difficulties. I want your head of column up at the intersection of the roads about four miles east of Adairsville as early as possible, always with the

