
standing order that if you hear the sound of serious battle you turn toward it, otherwise shape you course toward Kingston. Thomas' head of column is against a pretty stubborn rear guard which fights at every point, and as he can present nothing but a head o column, the enemy delays us and saves the time he needs to remove his stores and army. It may be to-morrow I will turn your column to Cassville and the railroad due south of Cassville, with a view to strike the flank of a retreating army: but unless you get such orders from me incline toward Kingston with your infantry, but send McCook's cavalry to Cassville and the railroad, giving him always your head of infantry as a point-d'appui in case he encounter a very superior force; but tell McCook that it is all important to the cavalry arm to impress the enemy with a fear of him, as it will be an element of strength in our future operations. Kingston is our present objective point, and from there I will make new dispositions.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Field's Ferry, Ga. May 17, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I expect to move down the main Cassville road,passing near Big Spring and keeping west of Pine Log Creek. My advance ought to be nearly abreast of Adairsville to-night. My headquarters will probably be near Big Spring to-night. Please communicate with me there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP, NEAR THE FORD OF THE COOSAWATTEE RIVER,

JUST BELOW THE MOUTH OF DRY CREEK,

May 17, 1864

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &c.:

All the fords below this point being bad and required for the use of the rest of the army, I crossed only a portion below the mouth of Salequa Creek yesterday, and with the rest came up to this point, crossed a party before dark, scoured the country toward Lick Creek, and saw nothing. Our pack trains got up during the night, and we are under way this morning. Had I known of the movements of Hooker and Schofield or your wishes sooner, I could have arrived early in the day and before the roads got jammed with troops. I have sent two picked parties one 250, the other 500 strong, to strike if consistent, the railroad between Kingston and Allatoona; if not there, between Allatoona and Atlanta, and if not there, between Atlanta and Augusta, after which they are to take care of themselves. With the remainder of my force I am now moving toward Fairmount up the north bank of the Salequa Creek, and will act according to circumstances. My movements will have to depend upon whether or not we can live on the country. I think we can in the valley of the Salequa

