
Creek. I as yet have been unable to find a single guide to be depended upon, and I have not seen a negro man able to travel. The ford at this point is not deep, though quite rapid and with steep banks, and has not been sued for several years to any extent. On the 15th, of the three bridges across the Connesauga River, we only succeeded in gaining possession of the lower one at Fite's Ferry, from which they soon drove us off. At the next ford above, where they had a hospital depot, they were prepared for us, and we only succeeded in burning 12 wagons, loaded with stores, and capturing 45 or 50 animals. The field in which the depot was located was in a bottom covered with dense undergrowth, and within range of a battery of artillery, which they played upon us. I lost my compass yesterday. Can your topographical officer send me by bearer of this also a map of the country south and east of Dallas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN.

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Adairsville, May 17, 1864-evening.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I send my aide, Captain Audenried, to you, who will tell you all yo wish to know. I fear you have got your cavalry too far east to do much good at this time. Instead of going up the Salequa, the Pine Log would have been better. I want you to-morrow night to strike the enemy in flank between Cassville and Cartersville or Etowah bridge (railroad). A small section of the road should be broken, enough to take a couple of days to mend. It is also important that you should measure your fighting qualities with the enemy's cavalry about Cassville. I am sure you can beat them, but it should be done suddenly so as to produce a salutary effect and be of moral force to you in after operations. If you need it General Schofield will give you McCook's cavalry, but whatever is done should be done to-morrow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I am encamped to-night on the creek south of Fairmount. My advance has been down as far as Pine Log Post-Office; we drove in rebel pickets at all the fords on the Salequa and on the road from Adairsville to the Post-Office. I wanted to cross the Salequa just above the mouth of Pine Log Creek, and follow up its eastern bank, but could learn of no road that would take me through, all the roads, according to the women (men being exceedingly scarce), leading to Calhoun, and running east and west. I communicated with the head of Schofield's column at Love's Brigade, first driving across the enemy's pickets, and then had to bear off from the river and strike the Tennessee road and come here. We captured some of the pickets here, between here and Pine Log Post-Office, and some at that point. I was under the impression that McCook was operating on Schofield's left. There was a courier

