
line running through this point across the mountains. The country back from the creek is covered with a dense thicket, and on the creek the bottoms are crossed by miry places. It would have been exceedingly difficult to have brought artillery over some of the places. Dark over took us with my advance at Pine Log Post-Office, intending to go in the direction of Cassville. I shall to-morrow morning, in accordance with your direction, move toward the point you indicate and make a junction with Schofield and find out where McCook is, and what he is doing. We expected, from what we can learn, to meet the enemy's cavalry between here and Cassville, people, and prisoners and prisoners say, in large force. This is very likely, as Johnston now has but little use for cavalry west of the railroad and the Etowah River. The whole country is covered with small parties of the enemy, which take to the thickets and mountains when they are chased, and as they know all the paths and by-ways generally escape. We overhauled a few,however, to-day. We secured enough forage to-day for the whole command but this necessarily delays us somewhat. We can keep in good condition if we do not work too hard.

GEORGE STONEMAN.

CAMP AT MATTHEWS', ON ROAD FROM

HOLLY SPRING TO NEWTOWN,

May 17, 1864-2.15 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: Your note of 8.20 last evening just received. Wherry went on with headquarters train to Field's Mill, where McCook is. I am waiting here for the wagons and artillery to close up. I sent a dispatch to Field's Mill for you by Captain Henry, of General Judah's staff. I am anxious to avoid getting in rear of Hooker's column, and hear of a road a couple of miles above Field's which I will investigate further early in the morning. There is a ferry at Field's where a small train could be got over in a reasonable time. I incline to the opinion that our men with the forage and ammunition might get over there and the supply train follow by Hooker's bridge. I will communicate as soon as I can learn anything definite as to the most feasible route.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 17, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

It is my impression that I would do better to cross over Hooker's bridge, but cannot decide until my rations are issued. I will come over,if possible, while my rations are being issued. General Hovey is moving. It seems difficult to decide intelligently as to which is the proper course, but an hour will throw more light on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

MAY 17, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The orderly sent from the cross-roads with your last order has not yet reached me. From Lieutenant Welsh's version of it, "If not able to cross here," I am to move at once to Field's Mill.

15 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

