HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Field's Mill, May 17, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

I find the ferry at this place occupied by the ordnance train of your command. General Sherman expects me to cross at and near this ferry and to keep pace with the advance of General Thomas' army. There is no practicable ford within reach. I most respectfully request that your trains be ordered to yield to me either this ferry or the bridge you have constructed below for my infantry and artillery. In no other way can I possibly fulfill General Sherman's expectation.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,May 17, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I am this moment in receipt of your note. The ordnance train to which you refer can only belong to the division commanded by General Butterfield, all of which I had supposed had crossed the river before this. The two divisions which I am attempting to cross here by the bridge, with the artillery and ambulances, have been delayed far beyond my expectations by the great difficulties, I had to overcome in the construction of a bridge that would stand. I fear now that it will be 12 o'clock before all will be over. No one can regret the detention more than myself, and permit me to suggest, for your own advantage, so far as my information extends, that if practicable, you cross your corps by the bridges thrown at Resaca feeling satisfied that in reaching your destination you will be farther advanced than you can possibly be by making use of the means within my knowledge of crossing the river in front of us. If not that, I would suggest to you that you send for a pontoon train of 200 feet in length, should you determine to cross at the McClure Ford, or the one above. I have given the most stringent orders for the crossing of my corps at the earliest practicable moment, and I am satisfied that if it is pushed to the fullest extent there will be no difficulty in crossing men here, but artillery can only be crossed with great difficulty and delay.

Respectfully, yours,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Adairsville, May 17, 1864-6.15 p.m.

General McPHERSON:

Direct your march early to-morrow to Adairsville and order the cavalry of Garrard and Murray to make a dash at the railroad between Rome and Kingston (in not already done) to-night. General Stoneman is on the other flank and will attempt the road between Kingston and the Etowah bridge. If not done to-night there will be no use in doing it at all. As I take, it the enemy is trying to make time to save his material from his army and from Rome. I take it for granted Garrard is near you. We won't get into Adairsville to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

