
you to take command of the two divisions and place them in position at Red Clay, and retain command until the arrival of the commanding general or till further orders. All the troops will be rationed this evening to include the 5th instant. Cars will run to Red Clay to-morrow and until further orders, carrying supplies for the troops. Troops arriving from Knoxville by rail will halt at Cleveland until they can be furnished with regimental wagons, when they will move forward via Red Clay and join their divisions. The First Division will move to Blue Springs to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - Until further orders the men will carry three days' rations in haversacks, and, if possible, three days' rations in regimental wagons from Red Clay.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Kingston:

GENERAL: I have seen General Sherman and learned, as far as is now known, the plan of operations. My line of advance will be from this place directly toward Dalton via Red Clay. For the present my depot will be at this place. You will join me via Charleston, Cleveland, and Red Clay. Your operations after reaching me will depend upon events which will probably transpire before you arrive; hence, it is impossible for me to give you further instructions now. It is important that you join me as early as practicable, so it is that your horses be in good condition when you arrive. Inform me by telegraph when you reach Kingston, and when you will be able to reach this place. If the time and opportunity are favorable, I will try to have instructions meet you here, or between here and where I may then be, so that you may strike at once. I believe your advent will be entirely unexpected by the enemy, and hence you will be able to hit him severely. His cavalry is nearly all on the other flank. Your forage and provisions will be at this place instead of at Charleston, as stated in my last letter. If you do not hear from me again by the time you reach this place, some directly and join me according to the best information you can then obtain.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 1. Chattanooga, Tenn., may 3, 1864.

The following officers will compose the staff of the general commanding in the field, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Personal staff: Major J. C. McCoy, aide-de-camp; Captain L. M. Dayton, aide-de-camp; Captain J. C. Audenried, aide-de-camp.

General staff: chief of artillery, Brigadier General W. F. Barry, U. S. Volunteers; chief engineer, Captain O. M. Poe, U. S. Engineers; chief

