
gaining no ground. McPherson on the right also skirmished all day. Five railroad trains left here last night, the last about sunrise, and we get nothing but the ground and a few deserters. General Sherman expects to reach Kingston to-day unless enemy turns at bay again, which is not thought likely.

J. C. VAN DUZER

CAMP NEAR KINGSTON, GA., May 18, 1864-6.30 p.m.

(Received 11 a.m. 19th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Reached here, skirmishing the last six miles. Found enemy in heavy force and intrenched, so went in camp. About 300 deserters came in to-day, and they seem to think Johnston will fight at Kingston-a thing to be prayed for, but which neither General Sherman nor General Thomas deems probable. The weather and roads both splendid and army in best spirits.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

MAY 18, 1864-12.30

General THOMAS:

I will have McPherson to occupy the whole attention of this flank.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kingston, May 18, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Until we know exactly the course taken by Johnston from Kingston I cannot make orders more exact than those already existing. You are now on the plain, well-marked trail of the enemy. You will, early in the morning, renew the pursuit, following this trail till it leads beyond the Etowah or gets to the eastward of Cassville, when you will relinquish pursuit unless otherwise ordered. General Schofield is now behind General Hooker, and is orders early in the morning to close up and come up on his left. Let all your troops be in advance of all wagons save ambulances and a moderate number of ammunition-wagons, and order the enemy to be attacked if found. General McPherson, should now be at Woodland, and General Hooker about Creek, and can easily join you at Kingston by 8 or 9 a.m. I hope Generals Garrard and Stoneman have done good work to-day. I will attend your column to-morrow. Order up the pontoons and ascertain the whereabouts of General Jeff. C. Davis as soon as possible.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

