HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Your communication directing me to return and cross the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry came to hand last evening about an hour before sunset. The enemy, variously estimated at 3,000 to 5,000, were moving forward to attack me. While reading the note the main lines on both sides opened with volleys at close range. The fighting was done mostly by McCook's brigade and a few regiments of Mitchell's. My men, notwithstanding the hard day's march, fought exceedingly well and made short work of it. Ten minutes sufficed to drive the enemy back into his works. The works looked so strong that I thought it imprudent to storm them hastily, and ordered my troops to hold the positions gained, close up under their rifle pits. A heavy skirmish fight soon brought night. This morning after the dense fog rose, I ordered the skirmishers to attack, the works, but no one was found. The bridges across the Oostenaula and Etowah were set on fire just before daylight. The enemy is only see this morning in their works on the south bank of the Coosa. These works command all the other works around Rome, but a few shells thrown this morning caused the enemy to leave them, and I think they are in full retreat. My loss is not quite 150 officers and men. The enemy's is greater by considerable than ours; his dead left on the field is reported double ours. My troops are much fatigued and must rest to-day. By to-morrow I shall bridge the Oostenaula and march to join the corps as directed. Please ask the general commanding, however, to send a pontoon bridge here at once; it will be very important for future operations in this vicinity. It will prove almost indispensable. I have but four days' rations, and will be out probably by the time I can join the corps. By crossing here I will save at least forty miles marching. This I know will accord with the general's wishes.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Rome, Ga., May 18, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Since my communication of this morning, I think it proper to forward further information concerning affairs here, since learned. The forces who engaged us yesterday proved to have been a mixed command of infantry and cavalry in all amounting to 4,000 to 5,000. Most of this command came from Blue Mountain and was trying to join Johnston. They were commanded by General French, and were ordered to renew the attack this morning, but late last night French received orders to retreat, which he did. We have had only a little skirmishing to-day, yet the enemy's cavalry hang back and seem to be guarding us closely. A brigade is reported on the road leading from here to Kingston, but a short distance from the town. Where is our cavalry? I have been expecting Garrard all day; had he been operating between Calhoun and this place this morning, he could have driven or caught the whole of that part which retreated toward King-

