
ston. General Sherman informed me that Garrard was to operate in this direction; also that McPherson was moving on Rome. Please inform me if this be still the plan of operations. Is Rome to be held? I desire to know so that I can make disposition of my wounded. A small cavalry force by to-morrow could, I think, open communication with me. I shall have a bridge across the river by to-morrow afternoon, and should like to have communication with our forces on the right [left] before moving direct from here to join the corps. I am a little suspicious of obstructions being made in the rods, and as I will march with only three days' rations and the men's haversacks, I can't run much risk of such things. Please answer by return courier or sooner if you can. My troops are enjoying the rest here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding
HDQRS. ARMY AND DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Adairsville, May 18, 1864-11.40 a.m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you start your column at 1 o'clock to-day and march toward Kingston, the object being for the army to reach within four miles of that place to-night. We are informed that there are neighborhood roads which will lead you along the base of the hills past here. With the aid of the guide Cooper, who has been sent you, and a neighborhood guide, you will be able to march abreast of Howard's corps and connect with him, which the major-general commanding wishes you to do. He also desires that you will inform Schofield of your position and time of marching, that he may connect with you. General McPherson has just got in.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Marsteller's Mill, Ga., May 18, 1864-1.20 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL; General Butterfield's division has probably by this time reached the forks of the road on the plateau. He is followed closely by General Geary's division. General Williams' division is near by, and will encamp with the corps to-night. General Schofield's corps is just passing this point, and the two are so strong that I have suggested to General Schofield that we had better go down and encamp on Two-Run Creek, my corps on the right and his on the left of it. I shall ride there soon, and will determine as soon as I reach there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

