HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Marsteller's Mill, Ga., May 18, 1864-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff

GENERAL: Have just received your dispatch of 11.40 a.m. I expect to be able to concentrate my corps within four miles of Kingston, agreeably to your instructions. I have shown you note to General Schofield to advise him of your wishes. The nearest route for me to march my troops will be to follow the route taken by General Butterfield.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Adairsville, Ga., May 18, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 1.20 received. Your suggestion with regard to position for your camp to-night meets the approval of the major-general commanding. He, however, wishes you to extend your lines sufficiently far to the right to connect with Major-General Palmer's corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Adairsville Road, three miles from Adairsville,

May 18, 1864-6.20 p.m.

Briagadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By following the roads laid down on the map, I found myself within about three miles of Cassville, where I was checked by a rebel picket. On my way I captured a rebel soldier just from Cassville, who informed me that since noon to-day Walker's division had been drawn up in line of battle, while portions had been engaged in cutting abatis, also that a brigade (Dibrell's) passed by. The prisoner further states that it is not the intention of Johnston to fight a battle at Kingston as it is no place, but hat they will make a stand at Hightower [Etowah] bridge. From the character of the prisoner with other circumstances, I give the report full confidence. Butterfield's and Geary's divisions should be in position at this time. Williams is now here, three miles from Adairsville, turning toward Two-Run Creek, for which I am now bound.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

