HDQRS. 20TH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,McDowell's House, Ga., May 18, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I find that General Butterfield was not able to occupy the position which I supposed he would, in consequence of the opposition he met with from the enemy. From the time that he ascended the plateau, which is covered with an unbroken forest, he encountered the rebel cavalry, artillery, and infantry, and at 8 o'clock at night his position was about the center of the plateau on the Adairsville and Cassville road. His delay, together with the long marches of Williams' and Geary's divisions threw them behind their position. They are at the foot of the plateau, and are encamped where they can get water. As far as we have gone we have found none on the plateau. A road branches off from near their position to Kingston, and unless otherwise directed, I shall start the whole corps for that place at daylight to-morrow morning. Although if I can hear that the enemy are falling back from Kingston, would it not be advisable to push for Cassville? Patrols are out feeling for Palmer's left. Corps headquarters to-night are at the McDowell house. Schofield is at Marsteller's Mill, six miles distant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER.

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 18, 1864-4 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: I would respectfully report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the road to Adairsville is now occupied by infantry and artillery of the Fourteenth Corps at a halt, and I cannot march at this hour. I would ask further instructions. I would also report that my column was again cut yesterday by the troops (this time in addition to the trains) of the First Division, placing me in the same condition as before, viz, my command not up in camp. I would therefore, respectfully request the major-general commanding to take such steps as will save me the necessity of coming into unpleasant collision with General Williams.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,May 18, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: If you strike off to the left you will find the Canton and Adairsville road, and come in to the left of Adairsville, taking two sides of a triangle instead of the straight line. Trains will get through much quicker, although twice the distance. I am now on that road. The trains should leave near my camp, to the left. Asmussen can find it.

Very respectfully,

BUTTERFIELD,

