HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,On the Plateau, May 18, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I have been skirmishing with an apparently small force of the enemy for three hours. The nature of the mountain road made it very difficult and injudicious to advance without precautions. The enemy had barricades at the foot of the mountain and on the plateau. They have opened now on my advance with Parrott guns, one or two I think. They don't stand pressing, but I have not been over anxious to do that, expecting you with Williams' column to slip in their rear. I am about five or six miles from Kingston; shall push on the other two and go into camp. Where is Williams?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,May 18, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I have advanced my pickets to the enemy's last picket line before dark and find nothing there. I have my camp arranged as per diagram on the other side. My pickets sent out on road to Kingston (near your headquarters) this afternoon, drove off the cavalry picket and captured one horse. My march has been seventeen miles by measurement to-day, skirmishing since leaving the Pres[byterian] church, about a mile in rear of your headquarters. My troops are very much fatigued. I feel secure against attack, except they get you first in my rear. Stevenson's division, of Hood's, was in my front. I have about 15 prisoners. My advance pickets have been to the enemy's breast-works or barricades and seem to think no one there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

Colonel Fessenden is here with me. I would prefer that my hour of march should be as late as the interests of service permit for to-morrow.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,McDowell's House, May 18, 1864-12 midnight.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the advance of Butterfield's division has been disputed by the enemy all the afternoon, and that in consequence the divisions of this corps are not so far advance as he expected. Butterfield is near the middle of the plateau on the Adairsville and Cassville road, and the other divisions at the base. Directions have been given for the corps to advance at daylight. By our route we are six miles from Marsteller's Mill.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully you obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

