
IN THE FIELD,

May 18, 1864-12.25 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

I have the honor to state that I am at the cross-roads where you directed me to proceed. It is eight miles from here to Adairsville, seven to Pine Log Post-Office, and eleven to Cassville. Some rebel cavalry are reported four miles below me at junction of Cassville and road leading into old Federal road. I have sent down to see whether they are in force or not. If I am to march toward Cassville I desire at least a section of my battery to accompany me. You can sent it back over the road. This staff officer comes to me at this point. If you are through with regiment that went in your advance, be kind enough to send it as an escort. Any orders you may have to communicate can be brought back to me by my staff officer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV.., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Kingston, Ga., May 18, 1864.

Colonel E. H. MURRAY,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

The general commanding directs that you proceed with your command immediately on the road to Kingston, ascertain if the enemy is at that place in force, and report as soon as possible to these headquarters, using the usual precautions in your march.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Marsteller's Mill, Ga., May 18, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division:

GENERAL: My head of column arrived at this place, which is on the Canton road five miles east from Adairsville, at 1.30 o'clock. I have two divisions here and expect the other soon with my artillery and ordnance train. I shall remain here until I get up my troops artillery, and ordnance stores. Two divisions of General Hooker's corps marching for this place struck my road near here, but neither column has interfered with the other. General Hooker, who was here when I arrived, has shown me his instructions from General Thomas, dated between 11 and 12 o'clock to-day, directing him to march to within four miles of Kingston to-day, keeping up his communication with Howard, and directing him to inform me of his movements. He informs me that he will move, by a road two miles west of this place, toward Kingston. General Hooker informs me that a staff officers with orders from you for me passed here going east a few minutes before my arrival. I sent some men to overtake him, but they failed to find him. If your orders do not reach me before I shall be ready to march I will take the nearest

16 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

