
road I can find to the one taken by General Hooker, and endeavor to come up within supporting distance of his left. I have my scouts out looking for roads. I shall direct General McCook according to your instructions of this a.m.
Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Marsteller's Mill, May 18, 1864-2.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Adairsville

I have got my troops and artillery to this place. My ordnance trains will be up before dark. I have found a practicable wagon road over the hills from this place toward Kingston which strikes the road on which Hookers corps has moved about six miles from this place. My troops having marched most of last night, I do not deem it wise to go farther to-night, but will start at the first dawn in the morning and close up on Hooker unless I get further orders from you during the night.

The next rod east of the one I propose to move on leads directly to Cassville. General Hooker informs me that he went out on that road this p.m. and captured a rebel soldier, who informs him that there is at Cassville one division of infantry and a brigade of cavalry covering the removal of trains, &amp;c,. to the rear. If your information to-night makes it desirable for me to strike Cassville instead of joining the main army I am in position to do so at an early hour to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Three miles and a half of Kingston, May 18, 1864-10.30 p.m.

General SCHOFIELD,

Army of the Ohio, Marsteller's Mill:

GENERAL: Yours of 6 p.m. is at hand. I was in hopes you would be farther a head by to-night, but the roads are not suited to one concentric movement on Kingston, and we must approach the game as near as the case admits of. All the signs continue of Johnston's having retreated on Kingston, and why he should lead to Kingston, if he designs to cover his trains to Cartersville, I do not see. But it is probable he has sent to Allatoona all he can by cars, and his wagons are escaping south of the Etowah by the brigade and fords near Kingston. In any hypothesis our plan is right. All of General Thomas' command will follow his trail straight, let it lead to the fords or toward Allatoona. You must shape your course to support General Hooker and strike the line of railway to his left. As soon as you can march in the morning get up to General Hooker and act according to the developments. If we can bring Johnston to battle this side of Etowah we must do it, even at the hazard of beginning battle with but a part of our forces. If you hear the sound of battle direct your course so as to come up to the left of General Thomas' troops. If Johnson has got beyond Etowah we will take two days to pick up fragments from Rome to Etowah. You will, in that event, still

