
bear to the left and held General Stoneman, who should now be on the railroad somewhere between Cassville and Cartersville. I will be at Kingston.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CEDAR CREEK, GA., May 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Please excuse the breach of military propriety in addressing yourself. I am ignorant of the address of your chief of staff, and have not the time or opportunity to ascertain it. The inclosed copy of orders from Major-General Schofield, commanding Twenty-Third Army Corps, explains itself. I have the honor to request an immediate investigation into the circumstances under this the attack of my division upon the enemy's works upon the 14th instant was made. My honor is dearer to me than my life, and I am satisfied that you will not allow me to remain under any imputation affecting either it or my competency longer than is absolutely necessary. If the investigation to which I seem entitled can be held without delay, I respectfully, request permission to remain in Nashville until you can communicate to me there, by mail or telegraph, the probable time which must elapse before my request can be granted.

I am satisfied that General Schofield's action in the premises is based upon a misapprehension, and that my sole fault-if any-consists in a misunderstanding of his orders. Trusting that your action in the matter may accord with my most earnest wishes,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers,

[Inclosure.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Marsteller's Mill, Ga., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall will relieve Brigadier General H. M. Judah in command of the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Brigadier-General Judah will await further orders at such point as he may select within the limits of the Department of the Ohio. He will report by letter weekly to the assistant adjutant-general at department headquarters. This order will take effect at once.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded approved.

I have decided it to be my duty to relieve General Judah from his command because of incompetency displayed in handling his division in the battle of the 14th instant. In this I may have committed an error to the prejudice of an officer whose gallantry and zeal I have no reason to question.

I respectfully recommend that the request of General Judah be granted.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

