HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Woodland, May 18, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: We reached here at 6.30 p.m. found General Garrard here in accordance with instructions given him this morning. I inclose herewith his report, which will give you an idea of what his command has done to-day.* The report indicates that the enemy is not in heavy force this side of Kingston, and that Brigadier General Jeff. C. Davis has been attacking Rome since yesterday, and is in possession of the place. Please send me instructions how and at what hour you desire me to move in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Shall I send Garrad's cavalry to Rome to-morrow, or do you prefer having them do something else?

McPHERSON,
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI

In the Field, near Kingston, May 18, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General McPHERSON,Commanding Army of the Tennessee, on Barnsley Creek:

GENERAL: Early in the morning drop your wagons under escort and move your entire command ready to deploy forward for battle on Kingston, and it may be to one or more of the crossing places of the Etowah near that place. General Thomas will continue to follow the broad, well-marked trail of Johnston's army, and you must act on his right according to our general plan. Johnston may get his wagons across Etowah and fight us this side, trying to fall on one or other of our columns. General Hooker is now within three miles of Cassville, and General Schofield is to his rear with orders to come up on his left. Until we ascertain the course of the enemy after reaching Kingston we cannot do better. The rear of Johnston's infantry could not have reached Kingston before 1 p.m. to-day.

Yours, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kingston, May 18, 1864-12 midnight.

General McPHERSON,

Army of the Tennessee, Woodland:

GENERAL: I dispatched a courier to yo at 10.30 ordering you early in the morning to move on Kingston, to which point General Thomas will also move, and where I will meet you. I now have General Garrard's report and hope he is right in his conclusion that many locomotives and cars are west of the break in the railroad. Let General Garrard send a detachment of about 100 men to Rome and to hunt up General Jeff. Davis. Also, in case of Rome being in our possession or evacuated, to scour the country west of Barnsley Creek as far as

---------------

*See Part II, p. 805

---------------

