
Oostenaula for prisoners, deserters, wagons, horses, &amp;c. Let General Garrard with all his cavalry a section of guns, but no wagons, move at same time with your on the point of Etowah River about two miles west of Kingston, just below the mouth of Connasene Creek, where a bridge if ferret is represented; then in succession the other bridges and ferries supposed to be south of Kingston, and as far east as the road leading from the Saltpetre Cave to Euharlee Mills, and as much farther as he thinks he can achieve anything, trying at all these points to make captures and boats if possible. He may count on our attacking Kingston if not already abandoned as also Cassville and its railroad station. General Stoneman should to-day have struck the same railroad near Cartersville, in which case we cannot fail to make many captures of men and material to-morrow with a promise of a two days' rest and plenty of forage up by the cars by the day after to-morrow. In the mean time the pastures are all he could ask.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General C. L. MATTHIES, Decatur, Ala.:

It is deemed best not to detain the gun-boat unless absolutely necessary, but let it patrol the river to Bridgeport returning to Decatur as soon as possible, as they may attempt to cross above Whitesburg. Should the rebels remain in force below Whitesburg the gun-boat might remain a short time to watch their movements and prevent their crossing again. Cannot some measure be taken to destroy their means of crossing? Please consult with General John E. Smith and captain of gun-boat on the subject.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, May 18, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON:

Dispatch received from Colonel Alexander, sent out yesterday after the enemy, reports that they have recrossed the river; no particulars. There is no doubt but there is a large force of the enemy in our rear, threatening squads and concentrating. Reported to-day that they are at Humboldt and the wires cut. It will require a much larger force than I have to guard the line committed to my charge; as it is, I have no force to move against them if necessary. The enemy are all mounted. When may my command expect to be relieved?

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, ALA., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH, Huntsville, Ala.:

Colonel Rowett arrived here this morning. He met the enemy and drove him across the Tennessee River, killing and wounding a number of his men. He has 24 prisoners with him.

Rowett has done well.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

