
and forage wagons will accompany their divisions as provided bey existing orders. The commanding officer of the Second Division will detail a sufficient guard for the division ammunition trains, which will move and forage wagons will accompany their divisions trains, which will move directly in rear of the Second Division.

V. The commanding officers of the First and Second Divisions will send immediately all prisoners of war now in their custody to the provost-marshal of the Third Division. Brigadier General J. D. Cox will detail a sufficient guard in charge of a non-commissioned officer to conduct the prisoners captured by this corps, to-morrow to Resaca, and deliver them to the provost-marshal-general, Department of the Cumberland. The proper records will be made out by the division provost-marshals and sent with the prisoners.

VI. Major W. W. Wheeler, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, is hereby announced as provost-marshal-general of the Twenty-third Army Corps. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Major Wheeler will report at these headquarters and enter upon the discharge of his duties immediately.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General

KINGSTON, GA., May 19, 1864.

(Received 11.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We entered Kingston this morning without opposition, and have pushed a column east as far as Cassville, skirmishing the latter part of the day with Hardee's corps. The enemy has retreated south of the Etowah. To-morrow cars will move to this place, and I will replenish our stores and get ready for the Chattahoochee. The railroad passes through a range of hills at Allatoona, which is doubtless being prepared for us; but I have no intention of going through it. I apprehend more trouble from our long trains of wagons than from the fighting, though, of course, Johnston must fight hard for Atlanta.

W. T SHERMAN.

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kingston, May 19, 1864

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.

General Halleck notified me I was to have 20,000 of the militia, and I asked him to order 5,000 to Nashville, 5,000 to Louisville, 5,000 to Columbus, Ky., and the same number to Memphis, Tenn. Telegraph to General Halleck,that we are making orders at the front based on this disposition of militia, and he will tell you what States the militia are to come from. I rather expect the militia will take their 100 days to get ready. The force now at Decatur will soon be relieved, and General Thomas will control its armament out of the reserve artillery at Nashville. Don't take any 20-pounders from the Seventeenth Corps, which is ordered to march from Huntsville for Rome. I want General Sturgis to go back to Memphis and go with General Washburn out to

