
Columbus, Miss. Grierson reports sick. Let Van Cleave and all other generals on arrival at Nashville report for duty to General Rousseau. We are progressing well. To-day will determine whether Joe Johnston will give up all the country north of the Etowah or fight again for it. I think our troops are now in possession of Rome, and by an hour's time our heads of columns will be within cannon-range of Kingston, on which place the enemy retreated. Weather fine and grass luxuriant, which is of immense value to our stock. The Oostenaula bridge at Resaca will be done by to-morrow when our cars will come to Kingston. We fight the enemy wherever he shows front, and thus far have the advantage in all read movements. Back us up with troops in the rear, so I will not be forced to drop detachments as road guard, and I have an army that will make a deep hole in the Confederacy.

W. T. SHERMAN

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Kingston, Ga., May 19, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I am satisfied that if there be any force in front of you it is a division of Cheatham's that said here last night. It should not escape. Garrard's cavalry is now moving for the bridge across Etowah, with orders to hold it. Press down on that force and order Hooker the same. It should not escape us. McPherson holds his command ready, but you have now enough for lines five miles long. Both Murray's and Garrard's cavalry are at the bridge guarding it from both sides, with orders to feel forward toward the east.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., May 19, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I feel certain that Johnston, after the affair at Resaca, does not want to fight us in the comparatively open ground this side of Cartersville. I send with this orders for General Schofield, which is a repetition of orders heretofore sent him by courier to press down to the road, and to order General Stoneman to secure the passage of Pettit's Creek, this side of Cartersville. General Garrard's cavalry is now at the bridge across Etowah, and Murray is coming to you to connect with General Hooker. Do you want General McPherson forward? He has his troops so he can advance by two roads. Send me word. I will come forward in that event. Connect with General Hooker, and, if possible, crush or capture any force that is, as I think, caught between General Stoneman and you.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General Commanding.

