
ble to clear the way for troops behind you. General Thomas is at Ringgold and wants you p. Order the gun-boat to patrol the river from Bridgeport down to Guntersville. If the officer in charge of the boat cannot go below Larkinsville without escort send somebody else to command the boat.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

PLEASANT GROVE CHURCH,

May 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would respectfully report that from Gordon's Mills this a. m. to this point, where I am all up in camp. Your instructions were: "Establish your division near the line of road between Love's and Pleasant Grove (see official map), its left uniting with Davis' division, &amp;c." I have been delayed somewhat looking for Davis's division, and for Love's. Found Davis' division in rear of Ringgold - no such place as Love's, supposed to be Leet's Tavern and Tan-yard. Therefore I encamped here, three miles from Ringgold. Two guides reported here from corps headquarters few moments since. They were too tired and worn to send them to you to-night, so I let them sleep. Have just seen General Thomas at Ringgold, who asked me to establish balance of the corps as it arrived on road to Leet's. I send this through General Williams with duplicate of sketch* inclosed, which may facilitate his movements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECHERD, TENN., May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Please say to General Sherman and General Thomas that we are just passing through Decherd, and will commence the ascent of the mountain to-night. Our artillery and forage train were delayed one day by the rains and mud. I will reach Stevenson in the shortest possible time, and then to Chattanooga.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, May 4, 1864.

General GARRARD,

Commanding Division of Cavalry, en route:

GENERAL: I received your message to-day and expect will be at Shellmound during the 6th. I send with this my inspector-general, Corse, who knows the country and will guide you across the mountain to Trenton, and by Johnston's Crook to La Fayette, near which I want

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

