
MAY 19, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I understand Hooker reported to you this morning that he had sent Butterfield and Williams to feel forward to the road. Schofield has since reported his arrival at the point occupied by Hooker, and I ordered him several hours, ago, by the same messenger that went from the church, to move down to Cassville Depot, and to order Stoneman to occupy the line of Pettit's Creek. Send the inclosed note to Schofield, that he may know a force remains this side.

SHERMAN.

CASSVILLE ROAD, May [19], 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have seen at least one division in Stanley's front, and perhaps more, and a large number of wagons moving from south toward north in great hurry. We have driven them from the position they had when I first arrived, and Stanley has advanced his lines flanks before advancing farther. Palmer should be on the road leading to the bridge across the Etowah with Johnson's division, Baird supporting Wood's right. If Hooker and Schofield will move upon Cassville I think we can capture the troops in Stanley's front. Will you send the necessary orders by courier immediately. Lieutenant Kelly will dispatch.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 19, 1864.

[General JOHN M. PALMER:]

GENERAL: I arrived at the bridge and found General Garrard here and no appearance of any cavalry in the country. I posted the troops, and requested Garrard to use his cavalry to examine another ford or bridge reported near here. He is now absent. Rebel troops retreated by this road, as I found many articles (pots, kettles,&c.) thrown away. The bridge is a fine one and it seems to me strange why it was not destroyed by the rebels. I shall remain until I receive orders from you.

Respectfully,

R. W. JOHNSON.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Kingston, Ga., May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your division early to-morrow morning on the Cassville road to join General Baird. He will meet you at General Baird's.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

