HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Jackson's House, Ga., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you the following extracts from orders I just received from General Schofield: "General Hascall's division will remain [where] I left it until morning. You need not attempt to move the train any farther than where it is when this reaches you. Park it where it is and wait till morning. Then come on as before directed. Hascall will come on at daylight."

I have been unable to move the train at all. I am parking here now. I trust you will not move without reference to the train. I shall get it off as early as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., May 24, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BOYD,

Chief Quartermaster, Twenty-third Army Corps:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 8.45 a.m. is received. The general desires you (if the train has not been captured, as is reported here) to have the wagons loaded at Kingston moved across the river on the bridge over which General Thomas' army crossed, thence via Stilesborough to Burnt Hickory, from which place you will report to these headquarters for further orders. The Fourteenth Kentucky and Fiftieth Ohio Infantry will guard the train to Burnt Hickory. If you think from the information you may obtain that the two regiments will not be a sufficient guard to bring the train through safely, the general directs that the wagons remain at Kingston, and that the Fourteenth Kentucky and the Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry form part of the garrison of that post. The general desires you to communicate the necessary orders to the commanding officers of the Fourteenth Kentucky and Fiftieth Ohio. You will stay with the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIESE'S HOUSE, May 24, 1864.

Major WHERRY:

The head of General Hovey's column has just reached the bridge. I will move forward with it on the road toward mouth of Raccoon Creek. If you are very far ahead and there is any danger of General Hovey's turning off on the wrong road perhaps you had better send a guide (one of the orderlies) to him. General Stoneman says he can't commence to cross until near dark. The rebel cavalry are a mile this side of Cass Station.

Yours,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major.

