HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Etowah Cliffs, Ga., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that, as soon as the train has passed and is out of your way, you will move your command forward and cross the river. Colonel Ward will inform you when the train will be out of your way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 24, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have gotten Biddle's brigade nearly assembled at the point where General Hovey's division was encamped. Stragglers from Holeman's brigade are coming in, who say that the train belonging to the Twenty-third Corps was attacked on its way to Kingston from Cassville, and destroyed; and that afterward Holeman's brigade was attacked and scattered. I will find out particulars and let you know.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR RICHLAND CREEK AND ALABAMA ROAD,

May 24, 1864-2.10 p.m.

Major-General STONEMAN:

Your dispatch giving the rumor of destruction of Twenty-third Corps train is received. I cannot believe it to be true, for I sent a regiment of infantry to guard it. Let me know the facts as soon as you can. My head of column has reached the point on the Alabama road where we turn to the right to go to Burnt Hickory. That is about two miles east of Richland Creek. I expected to meet at least Crittenden's command before reaching that point, but have heard nothing of him. We are meeting with some resistance from the direction of Allatoona. I think it is from cavalry. We should have some cavalry to protect our flank while marching toward Burnt Hickory. Biddle's brigade can come in on my present left by crossing where Hovey's camp was, or even at the mouth of Pettit's Creek. I would like, if possible, to know the character of the force which attacked my train, and where it came from. You may, if you think it practicable, use Holeman's brigade to settle this question.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KINGSTON, May 24, 1864-8 a.m.

Major CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

SIR: Wheeler's division, two strong and one light brigade, all cavalry, moved from the direction of Cartersville to Cassville, dividing

