
force moving by Cass Station at 10 a.m. yesterday; they burnt wagon train between Kingston and Cass Station, and two brigades of Wheeler's cavalry are south of Cass Station; the other between Kingston and Cass Station, on line of railroad, attacked Colonel Gallup's regiment, Fourteenth Kentucky. The cavalry-Eleventh Kentucky and First Kentucky-under Colonel Holeman, and Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Gallup, engaged them with great vigor and were driven back with quite a loss. The stores at Cass Station (nothing but corn) was burned, and the Fiftieth Ohio moved up to support. Fiftieth Ohio, Fourteenth Kentucky, and cavalry of Colonel Holeman moved to Kingston, bringing up balance of train and pack-mules, &amp;c. Eight hundred of Wheeler's men have gone to Calhoun; about same number moved to Adairsville; it is not known where the balance are. Last night General Stoneman's cavalry were in line of battle at the bridge where General Thomas' army crossed. There is a rebel cavalry force at Cartersville, menacing our flank now, that General Stoneman was facing last night.

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel.

CAMP IN THE FIELD,

East of Van Wert, May 24, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The main column is going into camp on this creek, where there is water. Camp you command in some good position for to-night on the road toward Dallas. Reconnoiter the roads thoroughly leading off to the southeast toward Pumpkin Vine and Villa Rica. Find out all the information you can about the enemy in and about Dallas, also the roads. Try and communicate across with Major-General Thomas, who was to be at Burnt Hickory or Huntsville to-night. Send me the result of your investigations and reconnaissance to-night. I will send your orders for march before morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD,

Four miles east of Van Wert, May 24, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch received.* Major-General McPherson directs that you advance no farther until the infantry come up, but that you reconnoiter carefully and thoroughly all the road in front and on your flanks, procuring all the information possible with regard to the enemy, his force and intentions. The substance of this dispatch has been sent you by the general, 4 p.m., but the courier failed to get through, representing a cavalry force between you and the infantry column. This was not so, as the dispatch has ere this reached you in charge of a company of cavalry. The infantry will move at an early hour to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Garrard to Whipple, Part II, p.806, which is probably a duplicate of dispatch sent to McPherson.

---------------

