HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Rome, Ga., May 24, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I arrived here to-day and assumed command in pursuance of Special Orders, No. 58. General Davis left this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 24, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Third and Fourth Divisions of this corps are encamped in the vicinity of this place. Yesterday the order of organization was published, in compliance with the memoranda from your headquarters. Orders have been issued for this command to march at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning in the direction of Decatur, where Colonel Long will join me on Thursday. The 2,200 cattle which I brought from Clifton will be forwarded toward Chattanooga, under a guard of between 400 and 500 non-veterans. The cattle are in fine condition, and their number is undiminished. All preparations have been completed for our march to Rome by my staff officers, and no delay will occur in our movements which could have been foreseen. This command has 10,500 fighting men, well-armed, well-clothed, well-disciplined, and ready for any service they may be called upon to perform. Without some unavoidable detention, I will be in Rome within eleven days after leaving this place; at any rate, I assure you that I will use the utmost expedition in joining you. I am carrying fifteen days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition to each man and gun in wagons. It will be necessary to carry at least eight days' forage, as the guides say the country is poor and destitute.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General, Commanding.

WHITESBURG, ALA., May 24, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information that Colonel Mead and Captain Johnson, of the rebel army, crossed about 200 men opposite Paint Rock last night. The country between Paint Rock and Flint is mostly in their possession. I do not think it safe to send what cavalry I have to spare there unless I could be near with support. Captains Henry and May are opposite Paint with a company each.

C. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

20 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

