HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Kingston, May 24, 1864.

Colonel H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 10 a.m. an alarm was raised occasioned by a raid upon a train on its way to this place. I immediately formed my command and threw one company forward deployed as skirmishers, supported properly. I then threw two companies to the right to protect the pickets on that flank, holding the balance in reserve until I received your order to support the battery, when I advanced two companies to their support. Flying rumors from teamsters and others reporting the rebels number from 100 to 1,000. The advance of the Seventy-ninth Regiment proceeded three miles and met with the enemy formed there in line of battle, and in such numbers that they did not think it advisable to attack, and finding that they could save nothing of the train, then already destroyed, returned to camp, when they were dismissed and ordered to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your most obedient servant,

M. H. LOCHER,

Major, Commanding Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Kingston, Ga., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: This morning a train was attacked near Cassville, and some 20 wagons burned, and about the same number driven off. The attacking forces were Wheeler's, and commanded by him. Twenty men killed and wounded are reported. Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, gives me the information. He was engaged in driving them off. Two regiments from this post were ordered to the support, but were not engaged. I have sent dispatches to Colonel W. W. Lowe, commanding at Adairsville. The enemy having moved to the right, I suppose their object is to destroy or cut the road. Colonel A. W. Holeman, Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, and Lieutenant Colonel S. Adams, First Kentucky Cavalry, also engaged, give the same facts and agree that Wheeler has a force of 5,000 to 7,000. All precaution has been taken at this post, and with the force now here can defend the post. Arrangements are making to ship to Resaca the ammunition now here, and wish for instructions as to amount of stores to be retained. Can a part of the forces that arrived to-day remain at this post?

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, Commanding.

KINGSTON, May 24, 1864.

Colonel HAMBRIGHT,

Commanding:

We have no information as to line being cut. We have not been working for two or three hours, but suppose it was on account of lightning. Will do the best we can, and let you know if we do anything between this time and morning.

[C. G. SHOLES,]

Operator.

