
ON BOARD U. S. GUN-BOAT,

Off Bridgeport, Ala., May 24, 1864.

Colonel W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Commanding Post, Bridgeport, Ala.:

I have the honor to submit the following report of the fifth trip of U. S. gun-boat:

May 22, got under way at 10 o'clock a.m.; arrived at Larkin's Landing at 2 p.m.; landed; wooded. Having reliable information that a company of rebel bushwhackers, numbering from 150 or 200 men, were encamped on Town Creek, and were in the habit of crossing the river in boats, which they concealed in the creek, and committing depredations on the railroad, I concluded to break up their rendezvous and destroy their boats. I accordingly took on board some citizens at Larkin's Landing, who had formed themselves while cutting wood for the boat. Got under way and ran down to Roman's Landing, where I set ashore the home guards, and ran on down to the foot of Buck Island, where I landed a company of sharpshooters on the north side for the purpose of reconnoitering Gunter's Landing below. At 7 p.m. steamed up to Larkin's Landing, touching at Roman's Landing for scouts, who brought on board with them a citizen, who had formerly been in the rebel army, but had been discharged. Made the landing at 9 p.m.; wooded; anchored out till morning. May 23, weighed anchor at 5 a.m., with home guards aboard, ran down to Law's Ferry and landed them, with the company of the First Ohio Sharpshooters, under the command of Captain Barber, who marched around to the rear of a plantation known as the Weeden Quarter. I moved down the river with the boat, in order to divert the attention of the rebels from Captain Barber, but some horseman discovered him and gave the alarm. The enemy fled to the woods. Captain Barber arrived at the quarters just in time to save a lot of protecting the boilers burned, which I took on board for the purpose fire on shore. The home guards report having killed 2 men and wounding 2 others; they captured 10 or 12 horses, one of which was branded "U. S." We did not make a thorough examination of the creek on account of the darkness, and the point of land between the river and creek is covered with a thick growth of cane and briers.

Captain Barber captured a very noted bushwhacker by the name of Whitecotton, who has made his boasts that he has killed more Yankees than any other rebel; he also told a Mr. Taylor that he had fired into a railroad train at Scottsville. Captain Barber has the names of witnesses. He also captured a boy with a gun, who was attempting escape under suspicious circumstances.

Having got the cotton on board I turned loose at 8 p.m., and ran up to Larkin's Landing, arriving there about midnight. Having but one pilot, I dropped anchor and lay to until daylight. May 24, weighed anchor and god under steam at 7 a.m.; arrived at Bridgeport at 12 m.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM A. NAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Boat.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In Camp, Burnt Hickory, May 24, 1864.

Order of the day for May 25, 1864:

I. Major-General Butterfield's division, Twentieth Corps, will march at 8 a.m. upon the road running southeast from Burnt Hickory to Dallas,

