
taking right-hand road at fork after crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek, and take up position on the road running northeast from Dallas to Allatoona.

II. Brigadier General E. M. McCook's First Division of Cavalry will proceed General Butterfield's division and cover this march to the right by throwing his cavalry across Pumpkin Vine Creek on road running from Burnt Hickory to Golgotha, and observing that road.

As soon as General Schofield has closed up, General McCook will withdraw his cavalry and encamp on General Palmer's left between Dallas and Pumpkin Vine.

III. The divisions of Generals Geary and Williams, Twentieth Corps, will march at 7 a.m. on road leading from Burnt Hickory to Dallas, south of General Butterfield's route, march through the town of Dallas, and take up a position on Butterfield's right, perpendicular to the road leading from Dallas to Lost Mountain Post-Office.

IV. Major-General Howard will follow at 9 a.m. the same road as the divisions of Generals Geary and Williams, or on another road to the right which may be pointed out to him in the morning.

V. Major-General Palmer's corps will at 9 a.m. take up the line of march on the same road taken by General Howard, cross Pumpkin Vine Creek, and encamp between it and Dallas in reserve.

VI. Department headquarters will be either at Dallas or between there and Palmer's position.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Burnt Hickory, May 24, 1864-12 p.m.

General STANLEY:

Order of the day for May 25, 1864.

GENERAL: This corps will march to Dallas to-morrow morning as follows: The Second Division, General Newton commanding, will move at 9 a.m., following on the road the divisions of Generals Geary and Williams, of the Twentieth Corps, or moving on the road to the right of the one on which these divisions move, which may be pointed out to General Newton in the morning. Major-General Stanley's division will follow General Newton's, marching at 9.30 a.m., and General Wood's division will follow General Stanley's, marching at 10 a.m. General Wood will leave one strong regiment with the corps train as a guard, relieving General Stanley's regiment now performing such duty.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 15TH ARMY CORPS, No. 14. Camp on Euharlee Creek, Ga., May 24, 1864.

I. Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will have the advance to-morrow morning, and will leave at 7 o'clock on

