
the road to Dallas, and will be followed by the divisions of Brigadier Gens. P. J. Osterhaus and Morgan L. Smith, respectively. The same relative disposition of the trains will be made to-morrow as to-day, and the general supply train in rear of the troops will be guarded in like manner by Brigadier General M. L. Smith's division. Division commanders are particularly enjoined to enforce the orders relative to straggling, pillaging, &amp;c., which are now in force, and are intended to govern until revoked by order from these headquarters.

II. Division commanders will designate one staff officer of their respective commands, who will be instructed to see that the orders already issued in regard to straggling and entering houses, pillaging, &c., by men of their respective commands, are fully respected and obeyed, and also to see that the troops and trains are kept well closed up. This officer should be constantly along the line of march.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Van Wert, Ga., May 24, 1864.

Order of march for 25th instant:

First. Ninth Illinois as advance guard.

Second. Second Division moving promptly at 5 a.m., with ambulance and ordnance trains now accompanying it.

Third. Fourth Division, with ambulance and ordnance trains now accompanying it.

Fourth. Regimental and supply trains in same order as heretofore.

Sixth. General Veatch will detail one brigade to be distributed through and in rear of trains to guard them. The brigade commander will see that the train are kept well closed up, and that they move closely in rear of column. He will arrest any officer or enlisted man connected with the trains who does not strictly attend to his duties.

Seventh. The commissaries of the respective divisions will select from their supply trains wagons containing three days' rations for the troops, which will move immediately in rear of the ordnance trains accompanying each division. These rations will be issued to the command at the first opportunity during the day or night.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No 2. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Huntsville, Ala., May 24, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as serving on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant-Colonel How, Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant L. Tompkins, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel Jeff. J. Hibbets, Thirty

