
RED CLAY, May 4, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Chattanooga:

Your dispatch is just received. I have at last got the train started from Cleveland. General Hovey will work all night to repair the road and get it through to this place. I will hurry forward the Kentucky troops, and use every effort to carry out your instructions. All quiet in front of this place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Red Clay, Ga., May 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Twenty-third Army Corps, Cleveland, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to urge upon you the necessity of immediate and rapid work by the repairing corps of the railroad company, to which end he directs that you use every effort to wake them up to our necessities, and push forward the repairing of the line of road to this place. Everything depends upon its being done speedily. We were given to understand that the road was unbroken to Red Clay, and that there was not to exceed one day's work to be done at that point. Arriving here we find the road has been broken in several places above Red Clay, and for more than a mile at and near that point. You will use every endeavor to urge forward the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.- The breaks above Red Clay are short ones, and can be repaired in a short time by having material on the train that is to come down. The general desires you will see that the inclosed telegram to General Sherman is forwarded immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

RED CLAY, May 4, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I fear the railroad superintendent has failed me entirely. I find there are several small breaks in the road between Blue Springs and this place, and no steps have been taken to repair them. I fear it will be impossible for me to get up my supplies in time. Yesterday about noon I saw Colonel McCallum and Colonel Wright, and explained to them fully what I wanted, and they promised it should be done. An engineer was sent down to ascertain what repairs were necessary. He only went as far as Blue Springs, and I presume did not gain the information he was sent for. It is impossible for me to do more than I have done. Unless you interpose your authority to aid me I must fail.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

