
not crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek you take the same road upon which the Second Division, of Hooker's corps, marched and join him on the road from Burnt Hickory to Dallas, about one mile and a half southeast of the bridge. General McCook will cover the Golgotha, Acworth, and Cartersville roads.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

HEADQUARTER FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,

In the Field, May 25, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT:

I am in the best position I could find here, covering all the roads that lead to the left and rear. I have sent 250 men across the ridge to cover the Cartersville road. I made no report heretofore, because one of your staff officers was here who could communicate to you any information of importance. Stevenson's division passed on the road from Acworth to Dallas this afternoon. Since my arrival here, the enemy had thrown heavy cavalry pickets in front of me on all the roads. If I hear the sound of battle in the morning, unless otherwise ordered, I will swing around and endeavor to gain possession of this road over which their troops passed to-day, and on which Hood's corps marched yesterday. It is three miles from my present position. The train with Stevenson was his ammunition train. The information of it came too late to make any attack.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Burtn Hickory, May 25, 1864-1.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division:

I have my head of column on the road from this place toward Marietta, passing just north of Lost Mountain. I will barely be able to get my troops across the Big Pumpkin Vine to-day. General Butterfield is crossing his division where I propose to cross, and as I understand is to incline toward Dallas as soon as he crosses the creek. I think the road toward Marietta will bring me to about the right position. I will keep up communication with General Hooker's left.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Sly's Mill, Ga., May 25, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

My division is now (4.20 p.m.) standing ready to move. The pack train of General Stoneman has just passed, but as I was about to move Colonel Buell informs me that his pontoon train has not yet gone forward. As we are the only infantry on this road I assume that it was intended that he should precede me and therefore wait to let him go by.

