
If the commanding-general intended otherwise please inform me at once and I will pass the pontoons on double-quick. Colonel Buell says some of the canvas is in danger of mildewing from being packed so long while damp, without chance to dry it in the sun, and urged this as an additional reason for my allowing him to go ahead. I supposed the train preceded General Hascall.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Woods, near Dallas, May 25, 1864-9 p.m.

General McPHERSON,

Near Dallas:

GENERAL: Captain Audenried is here with your note.* Your position was exactly right on the theory that Thomas was to move straight on Dallas; but the enemy has taken position at a point on the road toward Marietta, three miles out from the town, and he burned the bridge leading to Dallas, but we saved one about one mile and a half lower down on a road that crosses over to the point named. I will make a sketch with this. We attacked him about 4.30 p.m., and had a pretty hard fight with two of Hooker's divisions. To-morrow early will renew the fight if the enemy has not disappeared in the night. Howard is now moving up on Hooker's left, and Schofield is near enough to extend still more to the left. I wish you to move into Dallas, and then along the Marietta road till you hit the left flank. Use your artillery freely after you have developed his position. We are in dense woods, and see but little, but infer the enemy is behind hastily constructed log barriers. I don't believe there is anything more than Hood's corps, but still Johnston may have his whole army, and we should act on that hypothesis. Try and communicate with me early. I will be near the battle-field along the road we are traveling. If Davis comes to Dallas use him as a reserve or send him to Palmer, who is at the bridge over Pumpkin Vine in rear of our position.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR PUMPKIN VINE CHURCH,

May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

General Logan is doing everything he can to get his train forward. You can fall in rear of it for the present. If we meet with any serious resistance in front I will send back orders for you to turn the train out of the road, pass it, and come on. In the mean time I want you to keep closed up on it, and use your exertions to hurry matters forward. I am afraid we will not reach the point Major-General Sherman indicated to-night, unless the most strenuous exertions are made. The distance is not so great, but the road is mountainous.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

