HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, near Pumpkin Vine Church, May 25, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The indications are that we shall have a heavy battle near Dallas to-morrow. The enemy has massed all his available force, consisting of Hood's, Hardee's, and Polk's commands. Hardee's corps is in our front. Thomas has been fighting Hood's and perhaps a part of Polk's this afternoon; result I have not heard, as I have not yet heard from General Sherman. Have your command all brought up, except a sufficient guard for the train, which will be parked the west side of Pumpkin Vine Creek as compactly as possible, so that comparatively a small force can guard it. Have rations issued to your command, and have them ready to move forward at an early hour in the morning in light fighting order. No wagons will follow except ammunition wagons and ambulances. We must be ready to perform our part. Brigadier-General Dodge will cross Pumpkin Vine Creek on the direct road from Van Wert to Dallas and come in on your left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, on Pumpkin Vine Creek, May 25, 1864-10.15 p.m.

Brigadier General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division:

The indications are that we will have a heavy battle to-morrow, the enemy having massed his entire available force, consisting of Hood's, Hardee's, and Polk's corps, at Dallas. Hardee is in our front. You will have your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice, in light fighting trim. No wagons, except fifteen ammunition-wagons to each division, and the ambulances, will be taken along. The rest will be parked on the west side of Pumpkin Vine Creek. Rations will be issued to the troops to-night, and care will be taken to see that each man has forty rounds of ammunition in his cartridge-box.

By order of Major-General Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General M. L. Smith and Brigadier General William Harrow.)

PUMPKIN VINE CHURCH, GA.,

May 25, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

The indications are we shall have a heavy battle to-morrow near Dallas. The enemy has massed all his available force, consisting of Hardee's, Hood's, and Polk's commands. Johnston commands in person. Hardee's corps is in front of us. Issue rations to your men and have them march at 3 o'clock in the morning in light fighting order. Bring up your train and have it properly parked on the west side of Pumpkin Vine Creek where a small force can guard it, so as to bring forward as many available fighting men as possible. No wagons will be taken across Pumpkin Vine Creek for the present, except ammunition wagons and ambulances. You will cross the creek on the direct road from Van

