SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 126. In the Field, May 25, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. The Fourth Division (General Crocker) will take the advance to-morrow morning promptly at 6 o'clock toward Decatur. The Third Division (General Leggett) will follow the Fourth, moving promptly at 7 a.m., and keeping well closed on the rear of the Fourth Division. The corps supply train will move in rear of the Fourth Division, and will be guarded and protected by it. The corps headquarters train will move immediately in rear of the advance brigade of the Fourth Division.

III. This command is expected to move from Decatur on Friday morning, the 27th instant, with three days' cooked rations in haversacks. Commanding officers will take measures to provide these rations at Decatur to-morrow without drawing upon the supply in the wagons.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Dallas, Ga., May 26, 1864-6.15 a.m.

General THOMAS:

The bearer is from General Davis. I think that Davis should support McPherson, and one of Palmer's divisions should be up at the field hospital, about half a mile to the rear of my headquarters, where a road to Dallas crosses on road at right angles, the same by which General Butterfield came up. I have sent two divisions of Schofield's to Howard's left, ordering them to make a new road about seven miles north of this. I have personally reconnoitered it in part. Wood is still moving up. I heard from McPherson twice. He thinks Hardee in his front, but will attack, especially if he hears sounds from us.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

7.20 A. M.

GENERAL:

General Palmer is here. General Davis is also here with his division. They will await here any orders on the subject of the within communication.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In Camp, May 26, 1864.

General Sherman wishes General Davis to support General McPherson by taking the most direct road to Dallas, communicating with General Hooker's right. He had better move by the same road that General

