HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 26, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

I have just received your order and had partially anticipated it. I gained possession of the Marietta road this morning about daylight, and with a small force have been annoying the rear of the enemy, not feeling justified in withdrawing all my force from the roads I was ordered to cover. We captured 13 of the enemy's infantry this morning on the Marietta road from Stevenson's division, Hood's corps, and my men are still pushing them. I wrote General Elliott last night "that if I heard the sound of battle to-day I would push on the Marietta road." I will send a copy of your order to General Stoneman, and move at once myself to the point indicated with my whole command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 26, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Thomas has been informed that General Stoneman's command has cut the enemy's column marching on the Allatoona and Dallas road, and directs that you be on the lookout for the enemy, and press him as hard as possible. From your note of this date I learn you have possession of the crossing of Burnt Hickory and Golgotha with the Allatoona and Dallas roads. General Schofield's corps is about the junction of the Burnt Hickory with the Allatoona and Dallas road. Let your train follow those of General Schofield. He marches toward Marietta to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

[MAY 26, 1864, 11.40 p.m.-For McCook to Elliott, see Part II, p.753.]
HEADQUARTERS, May 26, 1864.

General McCOOK,Commanding Division:

I have just received a note from General Sherman, who says he wants us to hold our position. I send you the note for your perusal, which please return by orderly, who will show your orderly where I am, if you will send one here.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, May 26, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN:

I happened to meet your note here, which the bearer reports to be three miles and a half from here, which I infer to be on Marietta road. If so, it is important, and I

