
RED CLAY, GA., May 4, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Cleveland:

I am putting my division in camp about a mile below the Georgia line; Judah's just at the line. A cross-road leads over to the main Dalton road, one mile distant on the line, and another about a mile in my front. Immediately behind my division the Catoosa Springs and Ringgold road puts off to the right. Colonel Brownlow, of Colonel Dorr's brigade of cavalry, reports two brigades of cavalry and two regiments of infantry on the main Dalton road (parallel to this), and about four miles in front. They have had some trifling skirmishing. The valley here is quite narrow; the lower part of it a little marshy and filled with dense undergrowth. Water reported abundant and good, principally from two springs. The Fourth Corps left here (the rear of column) about two hours before my arrival. I have ordered outposts of a regiment on the State line cross-roads and in my immediate front, and proper pickets. The railroad is destroyed for a mile and a half above here; the iron bent; also one or two small breaks above that. If the train does not run very soon, I would like Colonel Schofield to direct my ordnance officer to get ammunition on a wagon train.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM:

Move your command to Athens, so as to be within supporting distance of Decatur and Huntsville, communicating with General Stevenson at the former place and General John E. Smith at the latter. You will remain at Athens until further orders, unless one or the other of these places are seriously threatened, when you will move promptly to their support.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH,

Huntsville:

Brigadier-General Gresham's command, now en route from Clifton to Pulaski, I have directed to stop at Athens until further orders and to communicate with you. Should Decatur be seriously threatened, direct him to move promptly to the support of the garrison. We must hold Decatur with a strong hand.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, May 4, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Cairo, Ill.:

Move up the Tennessee River with that portion of your command now at Cairo and disembark at Florence and proceed from there to Huntsville by the most expeditious route. I expect you will have to cross Elk

