
want you to hold it good and threaten Marietta. Our line crosses all roads between you and the enemy. The enemy has some well-concealed rifle-pits that we have to approach with extreme caution; but if to-morrow you hear heavy cannonading, send down a letter to me giving me any news. The fact that McCook cut that column is well, though I suppose they will effect a junction near Powder Springs. I see no signs of going, and our line advances with extreme caution.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

STONEMAN,

General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,In rear of Fourth Corps, on Marietta Road,

May 26, 1864-5.30 a.m.

General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have reached here and reported to General Sherman, who has directed that our men get breakfast, and then that we cut a road from Owen's Mill, on Pumpkin Vine Creek, near the bridge, to Hooker's left, running it nearly due east and parallel to the road Hooker and Howard moved out on, and about a mile distant. From where we are, about a mile and a half from the bridge, a road runs north which is supposed to be the one Butterfield came in on. We propose to move to the left on this about a mile, and then commence cutting in both directions. We have very few axes-probably not twenty in both divisions. Cannot the Engineer Battalion come forward with the necessary tools to hurry the work? The ordnance train might come to Owen's Mill, and await the opening of the road. Mr. Twining's assistance would be valuable to us. Hooker attacked a breast-work in a naturally strong position last evening and apparently lost heavily, but General Sherman seems satisfied with present condition of things.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., May 26, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major WILLIAM M. WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: General Cox connects with General Howard's left, Wood's division. General Hascall on General Cox's left. There has been no skirmishing on General Cox's front, but considerable in front of Generals Howard and Hooker. Nothing has transpired as yet to indicate whether the enemy are in force, but it is supposed they are there on the defensive and awaiting us. General Cox says it will be impossible to cut out the road he wrote to the general about this morning. There is nothing on General Hascall's left but some cavalry. General Cox wishes to have his ammunition brought up if at all possible. The wagons can come on the direct road and turn to the left, a little outside of the first line of breast-works. I will try to get an orderly that knows the way to send back and meet them, or I will go myself, if possible, as soon as General Cox gets his skirmish line into position (part of it having got too far to the left). He intends to advance. He

