HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,May 26, 1864-9 p.m.

[General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division:]

GENERAL: I arrived without any trouble about 6 p.m., the road not being over four miles. I rode around General McP[herson's] lines with him, and the only thing I apprehend is that in moving his direction will not be sufficiently northerly. However, I have directed Jeff. C. Davis to move so as to cover McP[herson's] left and open the communication with General H[ooker] as soon as possible. I have further manifested to General McP[herson] that it is your order he should commence early to-morrow and push hard. I will try and open communication with you along the New Hope Church and Dallas road as soon as Davis' movement covers it. There is a range of mountains or hills that runs almost parallel with the road I came down to-day and distant from it about three miles, which appears to be occupied by the enemy. The character of the country is very similar to that in your vicinity, with possibly a heavier undergrowth. I will keep pushing things here as far as in my power, unless I get orders from you to the contrary. Please communicate with us to-night anything you may desire done different from what I have explained. The impression here is that the enemy is in force southeast and northeast of us. The cavalry went out about two miles on the North Marietta (New Hope Church) road, and were finally checked without any serious loss. I'll try to keep you advised.

CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 26, 1864-midnight.

General McPHERSON,

Dallas:

GENERAL: Yours of to-day, with General Corse's, is received and is highly satisfactory. I have personally reconnoitered the ground and am satisfied that the enemy hold by hastily constructed rifle-pits the line of a creek, which is a branch of Pumpkin Vine and parallel with it. Your direction in the morning will be substantially down that creek, whilst Howard's and Cox's will be up it. We find no trouble in fording it, and you will have less as you must be near its head. The valley seems cleared and cultivated. McCook struck a column in flank about five miles northeast of this p.m., broke it in two, and at night was pressing the fraction toward Acworth. He reported quite a fight and the capture of 52 prisoners. Our skirmishing to-day has been comparatively harmless. I doubt if we find the enemy to-morrow, but if we do my orders herewith will govern. I will expect to hear of you on General Hooker's right before 10 a.m.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

PUMPKIN VINE CHURCH, GA.,

May 26, 1864-5.15 a.m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

I am going to move directly on Dallas from my present position this morning. Thomas is to the north and east of Dallas about three miles.

