
I desire you to co-operate in such a manner as to cover our right flank and at the same time have an eye to our trains, which are parked on the west side of Pumpkin Vine Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

DALLAS, GA., May 26, 1864-10 p.m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

The enemy (Hardee's corps), is evidently in front of us in a line extending in a southwest direction from New Hope Church and stretching across the Marietta road. I propose to move against him in the morning at 7 o'clock. Major-General Logan's command will be on the right and will follow substantially the most southerly Marietta road. Brigadier General J. C. Davis' division will follow the northerly road, which passes near New Hope Church. You will put one of your divisions in position ready to advance by 7 o'clock between Davis' and Osterhaus's divisions, right connecting with Osterhaus and left with Davis. Hold your other division in reserve for further developments of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General Commanding.

Permit no straggling either in the advance or reserve division.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., No. 12. In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., May 26, 1864.

I. To-morrow morning early all the batteries of Generals Hooker's, Howard's, and Schofield's corps which can be put in position will open on the works of the enemy and will keep up a persistent fire until 9 a.m., when they will cease firing unless a proper object presents itself.

II. General Thomas will at 10 a.m. wheel General Howard's corps to the right, advancing the left to the south, on the east side of the cleared valley in our front, to the commanding promontory which commands the Marietta road. General Cox will move the two divisions of the Twenty-third Corps under his command in close support of General Howard's left. General Hooker will if possible carry some one or more points of the enemy's works to his immediate front. All the army will be held ready to follow up the advantages gained by this movement.

III. General McPherson will make a junction with General Davis at or near Dallas and will then move straight toward the enemy at New Hope Church, and make connection with General Hooker's right.

IV. The general commanding will during the movement be at or near General Hooker's position and wishes reports sent promptly to him of the fulfillment of the several parts of the plan.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

