HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-4.35 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I am on the ridge beyond the field that we were looking at this morning. No person can appreciate the difficulty in moving over this ground unless he can see it. I am on the east side of the creek on which Pettit's [Pickett's?] Mill is, facing south, and am now turning the enemy's right flank, I think. A prisoner reports two divisions in front of us, Cleburne's and Hindman's.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Cox must move up to the open field to connect with us as soon as possible.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 27, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to ask to be relieved from the command of the Fourteenth Army Corps, with orders to repair to Illinois and report by letter to the Adjutant-General. I have cheerfully discharged the duties of the commander of the reserve force, and bore with as much composure as I could the order to send my best division to the support of the Army of the Tennessee, but the indignity of forming a command of two divisions for Major-Generals Howard, taking my only divisions for that purpose, leaving two of his divisions without a commander, and me without a duty or a man beyond my escort, disgraces me if I submit to it. The only motive for this consistent with my respect for your fairness and justice, is that you believe me unfit for a command. If so my duty and self-respect require me to ask to be relieved.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Marietta Road, May 27, 1864-9.45 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The inclosed crude sketch* will give you some idea of my position. I have a regiment making a reconnaissance down and to the left of the Marietta road. They just report a column of infantry moving along the ridge to McPherson, coming from where I think your right rests. I have gap, as shown in the sketch, in my front. There is a road passing through it, and this force may be making for it. The enemy were very busy all last night in felling timber in this gap. I shall keep feeling of them.

Yours, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

