HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Dallas, May 27, 1864-1.15 p.m.

General McPHERSON,

Near Dallas, Ga.:

GENERAL: General Corse is here. We are pressing in front and General Thomas is working around the left. We don't want to turn the enemy's left flank but his right, so as to put our concentrated army between him and the railroad, of which we want to make use. Therefore, instead of compassing the enemy's flank, I wish you to work up so as to connect with General Hooker, when I will strengthen our movement to our left, the enemy's right. Use the Marietta road as far as possible and then reach for General Hooker's right. We have two divisions to the right of the road-Geary's and Butterfield's-and Williams in reserve. All the rest of this army are north of this road.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD,

Dallas, Ga., May 27, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

We have forced the enemy back to his breast-works throughout nearly the whole extent of his line and find him occupying a strong position extending apparently from the North Marietta, or New Hope Church, road, to across the Villa Rica road. Our lines are up within close musket-range in many places and the enemy appear to be massing on our right. I cannot well work toward the left; certainly not until I get trains and everything out of the way, for as soon as we uncover this flank (the right), the enemy will be on it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,s

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Dallas, May 27, 1864-sundown.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Near Dallas, Ga.:

GENERAL: We have been busy with the enemy all along our front line. From description I think the hills in your front are stronger than the ground to our left, by which we can move toward Allatoona and Acworth, or pound away till we find a weak place. We should have our army united, and, therefore, I think it best you should send your trains back across the Pumpkin Vine by moonlight and let them park up to our rear, where General Palmer has a division; then, by moving by the left flank, you can put yourself in connection with us and we can act against some one point or turn his right flank. No doubt Johnston's whole army is present, as we have felt him for four miles to the north and east. I don't think there is more than a mile from General Davis' left to General Hooker's right. General Corse is with you and has been back and forth twice.

Yours, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

