
to the New Hope Church roads. General Grant has had another battle, defeated Lee, and driven them across the North Anna and is across himself, and has cut Lee's communication with Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Send one of your brigades up very early in the morning to come in on the left flank of the enemy. There is a ridge running nearly north and south not occupied now which I think your men might get possession of; and, if so, it will operate very much to our advantage. I send you a couple of men who can show you the road.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Dallas, Ga., May 27, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

You will immediately proceed to send your supply trains and one-third of your ordnance train back across the Pumpkin Vine, and let it be parked where the train of the Army of the Cumberland is parked, and General Palmer has a division to guard it. Before sending the train back see that rations enough to make three days, with what the men have on hand, are retained. The trains should be moved across as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

A. A. G., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: About the 20th instant I received an order from Major-General McPherson that my command would move forward to the front as soon as relieved. Lieutenant-Colonel Macfeely reports that Generals Sherman has sent all his transportation to the rear, and left his rear unprotected. Under these circumstances it would be better to move forward to Chattanooga. When relieved what disposition shall I make of the detachments of the Seventeenth Army Corps reporting daily? General Blair moved out of this place Wednesday morning and crossed at Decatur yesterday. Can his detachments be forwarded to the front with safety?

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., May 27, 1864.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a sketch* showing the roads and streams in this section. The major-general commanding desires you to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

