
move with your command and a brigade of infantry, which will report to you, to Courtland, in the vicinity where Roddey is reported to be camped, attack and drive him away, doing him as much damage as possible without extending the pursuit too far. You will then move down in the direction of Moulton, giving the impression that you are the advance of this corps going south and southwest of that place. In order to more effectually give this impression it is desirable that the infantry should be deployed as much as possible. Should you find yourself strong enough to move on Moulton alone you will direct the infantry to fall back on this post, otherwise to take the infantry with you in that direction. You will march from Moulton to Somerville, in the vicinity of which place [you] will rejoin this command. Upon leaving Moulton you will order the infantry to march to this place, moving with your cavalry, if possible, so as to cover them. In case you find it necessary to take the infantry farther than Courtland you will send notice of the fact promptly to these headquarters. This movement on Courtland and Moulton is considered of great importance for two reasons: First, to drive Roddey's force away and prevent their crossing the Tennessee; second, deceive the enemy as to the destination of this corps. A section of artillery has been ordered to you to accompany your column as far as Rome. Please report frequently your progress and any information you may obtain. The infantry have also moved, and it is suggested that you send a small body of cavalry to cover the front until you overtake them, which the general commanding trusts you will do as soon as your command is in condition to move. These headquarters will be to-night at ---- Creek, where the Somerville road crosses it. The foregoing is communicated by order of General Blair.

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 8. In the Field, Dallas, Ga., May 27, 1864.

I. Division commanders will take immediate steps to intrench their lines and strengthen them as much as possible. Works will be made to put the batteries in position on as good ground as possible. General Sweeny will have a position selected on his first and second line for batteries. A heavy skirmish line will be kept out all night, and the first line will be under arms at 3 in the morning. Fires for cooking will be built in rear of lines. The men will all be well supplied with ammunition.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 128. Decatur, Ala., May 27, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. This command will move at 12 o'clock (noon) to-day. The Third Division, with its wagons and followed by the corps supply trains, will take the advance on a road which will be indicated to the commanding

