
successfully. The enemy is represented to be dispirited by Grant's successive blows. Our army has been strongly re-enforced. We have no news from any other quarter, but hope good tidings from you will continue. Your dispatches go forward to General Grant without any delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 28, 1864-1 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

General Howards has just reported to me in person that he marched with Woods' division, supported by Johnson's, about two miles beyond Cox's left, which he was compelled to do by the nature of the ground, then turned to the right, and after marching about a mile came upon the enemy strongly posted behind rifle-pits, and had a severe engagement from about 5 p.m. until dark. Having received my order to form a connection with Cox and post his troops in a strong position he gave the necessary orders, and the dispositions were being made before he left, holding nearly, if not quite, all the ground he had gained. He has formed a junction with Stoneman, who reports that the enemy are in quite heavy force in his front. Stoneman is across Pettit's Creek. Howard did not quite reach to the second Acworth road. I am sorry to report that General Howard was slightly wounded with a fragment of shell. I will send General Palmer to superintend the operations on the left, and would be glad to have Davis there with his division if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1864-3 a.m.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Before attempting to outflank the enemy by an enlarged movement by our left, we must force our front across the stream close up to which we now are, so that we command the open fields beyond. To accomplish this I will order General Schofield to pull away that dam entirely, so as to diminish the water and make it passable at all points, Schofield to hold himself ready to advance due south to occupy the wood and space open the east side of the clear ground, but not to attempt to get over so far in the wood as to lose sight of the old cotton-gin, which is the key point. I want you to strengthen and increase the number of guns where Wood was last night and early this a.m., so as to enfilade that clear space as far as the cotton-gin and along the road which passes the little cabin where you, Howard, and I were they day before yesterday. I suggest two 20-pounder Parrotts be put there, and some Napoleons, so as to make a heavy fire. Then, at the right time, Newton's and Stanley's divisions and Hooker's corps must be pushed straight across the creek till the whole line looks across the open ground. I have McPherson's answer to my orders that he make connection with

