
Hooker. He apprehended trouble, but will set about it, and as soon as I can I will have Davis join his proper corps. Since beginning this I have your note of 1 a.m., and think that Howard's troops on the extreme left had better stand last, looking well to the road to communicate with us and barricading his left. I hope Howard is not seriously injured, enough to lose his services. As McPherson closes to the left, he may expose our trains. Better give good instructions for the division at the Pumpkin Vine bridge to look well to the south and west, and prepare barricades commanding the road from that direction.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ga., May 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that Major-General McPherson is now here, and reports the enemy attacked him this p.m. in force (three divisions, Cheatham's, Walker's, and Bate's), upon the theory of his moving out from his position. He, however, punished them very soundly, repulsing them from all their attacks. Viewing his (General McPherson's) position, the changes as contemplated in Special Field Orders, No. 13,* will not be made until to-morrow night. In the mean time learn as much of the roads, &amp;c., as possible. General McPherson thinks the enemy's loss will exceed 2,500 in killed and wounded, besides from 300 to 400 prisoners in his hands.

I am, general, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, in the Field:

GENERAL: Paragraph II, of Special Field Orders, No. 13, issued this day by the general commanding should be: "II. General Thomas will connect with General McPherson and form a line facing nearly south, across both branches," &c., but possibly the copy sent you may not have the word nearly in it; if not please make the correction and let me know.

I am, general, yours, respectfully, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 28, 1864-5.15 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

The major-general commanding desires that you connect your right with General Schofield's left, and take up a strong position, which you can hold until you can be re-enforced. If it is necessary to refuse your

---------------

*See p.341.

---------------

