
left in order to do so, you must so refuse it. You must not place your troops in such position as to risk being turned. Say to General Johnston that I wish him to post his troops so as to secures your flank (left). I hope to have Davis' division in the morning, when General Palmer will re-enforce your left.

Respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Washington's House, Ga., May 28, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The operations of yesterday of this division I have the honor to report as follows: I moved on the Marietta road in support of McPherson, skirmishing with the enemy and gradually driving him back until my main line could no longer be advanced without separating from McPherson's right. This brought my left in front of a gap passing through the methionine on the right of the road. In this gap the enemy was found in considerable force. I ordered McCook's brigade to reconnoiter the gap. Heavy skirmishing all the afternoon developed the gap strongly fortified. The enemy could be seen all day felling timber and digging rifle-pits along the crest of the hill, and this morning have a battery commanding the road from the top of the hill between me and Hooker. I have opened communication with Hooker. The enemy attacked McCook's brigade last night, and after a sharp fight were repulsed, leaving in our possession a few wounded and 27 prisoners, 1 captain among them. They belong to Seventeenth Alabama, of Polk's corps, and say that Johnston's whole force is here. I have sent four companies to cut a road from here to Hooker's right. The skirmishing in my front is quite lively. McPherson is ordered to close up on Hooker by abandoning his present position.

No orders have been sent me, but I shall, unless otherwise ordered, move in advance of him.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-My loss yesterday between 50 and 60 killed, wounded, and missing.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,May 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The enemy this morning opened from the battery in my front reported yesterday. It seems to be a 12-pounder firing case (spherical) and grape; no serious losses from it, one or two only. the enemy tore down all the houses in the fields in front of my right last night, and carried them off. If my sharpshooters are not able to quiet the battery opened on me, I would recommend a battery to be placed about the center of Geary's right brigade to smash it if it can be made out from there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

