HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,May 28, 1864.

Captain SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

Major Arnold, officer of the day, of this brigade, reports that he distinctly saw a piece of artillery, protected by a breast-works of wood, in rear of the old house in the open field, on the right of our line. One of the houses was pulled down last night, and the work around the gun is constructed of the timber of the old house. I don't know as this information is of any importance, but it seems to me proper to report it. Captain Eldridge, the officer of the picket, reports that there is one house in the timber, and the other in the open ground, but occupied by sharpshooters. That in the timber and fortifications plainly to be seen, and from the skirt of the wood a piece of artillery was discharged during the day.

Respectfully,

JAS. WOOD, Jr.,

Commanding Third Brigade.

SIGNAL STATION, RIGHT (THIRD) DIVISION,

May 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: From this point a portion of the rebel works can be seen. McPherson's signal flag can also be seen. We are now clearing away the trees, and will open signal communication in a short time. From a tree top I have discovered rebel troops moving west along our right; think not more than two or three regiments. The forest is very dense between our position and McPherson's therefore it will be almost impossible to see the movement of troops; as soon, however, as we can signal, I will ascertain and inform you if there is any rebel force between our right and McPherson's left. Please send me two mounted men.

C. O. HOWARD,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Musters.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, May 28, 1864-8.45 a.m.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

A. A. A. G, Cavalry Commanding, Dept. of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to state in reply to your request that the following are the brigade and regimental commanders in the brigades of my division now with me. I cannot furnish names of regimental commanders in Third Brigade without access to my books. First Brigade, Colonel J. B. Dorr, Eighth Iowa, commanding: Eighth Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Barner; First Tennessee, Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow; Second Michigan, Major Scranton. Second Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel Horace Lamson, Fourth Indiana, commanding; Second Indiana, Major David A. Briggs; Fourth Indiana, Major George H. Purdy; First Wisconsin, Captain Levi Howland.

About an hour and a half ago the enemy made an attack all along my lines, the most stubborn and persistent one I have seen them make during this campaign. They are all fighting dismounted in the timber, and I can't tell whether they are infantry or cavalry. I judge them to

