
be dismounted cavalry, however, as there are two divisions in our front, and one brigade on our left and rear at the creek, near the junction of the Acworth and Allatoona roads. Should a serious attack be made with infantry, I regard my force as totally inadequate to hold a position of such importance as I believe this to be. Stoneman I think is some place on my right; my line is formed on the Marietta road, facing due southeast. I shall hold this road as long as I can, and not be controlled in my movements by the movements of our infantry. I believe the general commanding does not appreciate the importance of it, with all their cavalry in front. If this road is left open or they force a passage through my lines, as they are now attempting to do, they will have uninterrupted access to all our trains, hospitals, and the rear of our whole infantry line. When we get through with this skirmish I will send you the result. Colonel Brownlow sent word to General King that they were pressing our line pretty hard; he replied that we could expect no infantry re-enforcements in any emergency. I hope there may be no necessity for asking any. Should there be, I will transmit my request through the proper channels, in order that, as at Dandridge, I may receive them after the needs has passed. Privately, this thing of covering the flank of the infantry seems to be a one-sides affair; if they are attacked I am to pitch in, while, if I was attacked by a superior force I can expect no assistance. The last paragraphs of my letter are unofficial, of course.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, May 28, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

The enemy have desisted from their attack and I hold the position to which my line was advanced this morning. The infantry has moved to the hill I held last night with part of my force and I am on their left and front; one regiment of General Stoneman's to my right connecting with the infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 28, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Your communications of 8.45 and 11 a.m. have been received. Continue to do as you have done, the best you can, covering the roads. It is not expected that you will keep up a line connected with the infantry, but keep up communication with them as long as possible; if pressed too hard by superior force of cavalry and infantry, then of course you would not be expected to compete with both. Don't write unofficial remarks with official; the latter are necessary to have, the former it is a pleasure to receive. The enemy attacked Newton's line, but was repulsed. It is said they are moving south.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

