
of guerrilla parties in that vicinity. I have scouting parties out in all directions, and am watching well the country in the direction of Rowland's Spring and Pine Tree [Log] Post-Office, and as far up as Resaca on both sides of the railroad. I will forward all information of importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1864-3 a.m.

General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have your note of 8.45 p.m. [27th]. I want you to cause at once all the dam of that saw-mill to be torn away so as to lower the water in the stream above; then reconnoiter well the ground to your front for the purpose of pushing an assaulting column due south along the east side of the open field to a position that will command the ground to Hooker's front-I mean where you can see and old cotton-gin and another house to its right on your left as you look at it. Cause good roads to be opened back to where Hovey is, and have Stoneman to act in concert with McCook in keeping open these roads, and to guard the Acworth road, which I take to be the one that crosses the creek at the saw-mill and joins another road coming from the old cotton-gin past a small cabin, and passes a short distance east of the saw-mill. I want your wing to connect back with Burnt Hickory, and not to use the road which Thomas has back to the bridge across Pumpkin Vine, by which you crossed it in person. I think Hovey had better keep one brigade at Burnt Hickory, and one at the crossing due east, or the one you use. Build one or more bridges, or improve the fords; bridges are better, for the fords cut up the roads by the wheels bringing out water. I will be over early in the morning and indicate the points I want carried to the east of the cotton-gin. In the mean time improve the roads and crossings of the creek at and above the saw-mill and get your troops well in hand by divisions, for if possible we must secure the position at the old cotton-gin, which can only be done by clearing the open space in front of you looking south, and gaining the ridge which overlooks those fields.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to day that General McPherson is now here in person, and reports the enemy attacked him in force of three divisions in line, and column, upon the theory that he was about to move, or was moving from his position; but he gave them rough handling with small loss to himself.

Viewing his (General McPherson's) position, the changes as contemplated in Special Field Orders, No. 13,* will not be made until to-morrow

---------------

*See p.341.

---------------

