
night; in the mean time learn as much of the roads and country as possible. General McPherson estimates the enemy's loss as rising 2,500 in killed and wounded, besides some 300 to 400 prisoners in our hands.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1864-10.10 a.m.

General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: We are working round by the left, and, if you don't keep up, our line will become attenuated and liable to disaster. I don't care about your moving actually by the left flank, but to move your command so as to connect with Hooker. Thomas will want Davis on the present left, and your entire corps will in order replace Hooker and leave the center and left along the Acworth road beyond the creek. If the enemy comes out of his works I understand you can whip him easily. If you cannot drive him from the hill, we must of course look for more favorable ground, and I prefer to hold the road which will take us to the railroad in front of Allatoona. Therefore move to the rear of Hooker by any road, and I will give Thomas all of his command north and east of the Owen's Mill road.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Dallas, May 28, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: We are going to move from our present position to-night to the left, in order to connect our line with General Hooker's right. We will move out of Dallas by the road which leads north to Burnt Hickory until we strike the Marietta road running east from where Thomas' command crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek. I desire you if possible to occupy this place with your cavalry, as it is the focus of several roads leading to our right, and where the trains are parked. The enemy may, however, advance and occupy this place after we leave in force which you cannot contend with, in which case you will work your way to our right between this place and Pumpkin Vine Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

DALLAS, GA., May 28, 1864-6.25 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

The enemy attacked us in force at 4.45 p.m. along the whole extend of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps, and was handsomely repulsed, with heavy loss on his side and considerable on ours. We are now

