
division, and his supply train at the bridge near Owen's saw-mill at Pumpkin Vine Creek, and his cavalry to his right rear, between Owens' saw-mill and Dallas.

II. General Thomas will connect with General McPherson and form a line facing nearly south, across both branches of Pettit's Creek and covering all the roads leading from Dallas to Allatoona and Acworth.

III. General Schofield will move out to the main Acworth road and move south to cover General Stoneman's cavalry will extend his line. General Stoneman's cavalry will operate to the left (east) of General Schofield as near the main Marietta road as he can force his way against cavalry. General Thomas and General Schofield will keep their supply trains near Pumpkin Vine Creek, in the vicinity of Burnt Hickory crossing.

IV. Commanders of armies will send staff officers to reconnoiter the roads and positions, and be prepared to take new position as soon as General McPherson arrived from Dallas.

General headquarters will be at or near the rear of General Thomas' position about Pettit's Creek.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. CORPS, No. 9. Dallas, Ga., May 28, 1864.

I. Hereafter, to avoid the difficulties in handling and connecting the skirmish line while in front of the enemy, the skirmish regiments of each division will do the skirmish duty for the division under direction of the field officers of the regiment, they having entire charge of the line and reserves, under direction of division or brigade commanders.

II. In withdrawing the troops to-night it will be done from right to left, General Sweeny withdrawing after General Osterhaus, leaving Colonel Mersy to cover our rear and in a position to leave the open fields to the south of his present position. The skirmish line will be left, and a staff officer with it, to be withdrawn after all the troops. A staff officer will be left at these headquarters to notify the staff officers left by division commanders when to relieve the line, to whom they will report. the front line will be withdrawn first, the second next, and in a very quiet manner. Camp-fires will be built as usual to-night and a few men set to work chopping trees and to work on the line, who will leave with the skirmish line. Camp-fires will be built in rear of lines as before. Notice will be given when the move will commence, and all trains will go in front of divisions.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 129. In the Field, May 28, 1864.

I. This command will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock precisely.

The Third Division (Brigadier-General Leggett), with the wagons, will take the advance. The cavalry brigade wagons will follow the Third Division.

