
The Fourth (Brigadier-General Gresham) will follow the Third Division closely, being held in readiness to march at 7 o'clock. Every means will be taken to prevent straggling, as squads of the enemy's cavalry are handing on our flanks.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Major-General Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR DALLAS, GA.,

May 29, 1864-7.30 a.m. (Received 10.45 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Yesterday we pressed our lines up in close contact with the enemy, who has covered his whole front with breast-works of timber and earth. With the intention of working to my left, toward the railroad, east of Allatoona, I ordered General McPherson, who is in advance of Dallas and forms my right, to send his trains to a point on Pumpkin Vine Creek about four miles north of his present position, and to withdraw his army and take Thomas' present position, while all of General Thomas' and General Schofield's armies will be moved farther to the east, working around the enemy to the left. the enemy, who had observed the movement of the trains from his higher position, massed against General McPherson and attacked him at 4.30 p.m. yesterday, but was repulsed with great slaughter and at little cost to us. The enemy fled back to his breast-works on the ridge, leaving in our hands his dead and wounded. Loss, 2,500 and about 300 prisoners. General McPherson's men being covered by log breast-works, like our old Corinth lines, were comparatively unhurt, his loss being not over 300 in all. I give him to-day (Sunday) to gather in the wounded and bury the dead of the both sides, and to night and to-morrow will endeavor to gain ground to our left three of four miles. General Blair is now supposed to be near Rome. I will order him to march straight for Allatoona, which I infer the enemy has abandoned altogether, or left in the hands of militia. That point gained, I will move to the left and resume railroad communications to the rear. I have no doubt Johnston has in my front every man he can scrape, and Mobile must now be at our mercy, if General Canby and General Banks cold send to Pascagoula 10,000 men.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Near Dallas, May 29, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Rousseau reports that some one in Kentucky is stopping for duty there the 100 days' militia. Inquire into the truth, and see that 5,000 of the first militia go to Nashville and along the road to the Tennessee River. General McPherson's command at Decatur and Huntsville must be relieved and sent forward according to existing orders. We have had many sharp and serious encounters, but nothing decisive yet. We confront the enemy about fifteen miles southwest of Marietta in front of Dallas. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

