HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Dallas, Ga., May 29, 1864-2 p.m.

[Major-General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: I have just returned from the lines, commencing at Brown's Mill and extending to McCook's headquarters on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road. As far as I can ascertain from personal observation, and from the reports of officers, we have decidedly the advantage of the enemy in artillery positions on either side of Pettit's Creek. One on the south side of Pettit's Creek near Pettit's Mill, and two on the north side nearly on a line north and south from the first-named hill; all three within good cannon-range of the Dallas and Acworth road, and from which a concentrated fire can be had on the point which is considered the extreme right of the enemy's intrenchments (namely Leverett's house). On the north side of Pettit's Creek in an easterly direction the country is comparatively open as far as I could see, and can be easily passed over by infantry and artillery. It is my opinion that a strong flank movement on that road will be perfectly successful. To reach the hills above alluded to the troops will have to march a distance of five or six miles, one-half the way over a common road, which will cause some delay. For that reason I would suggest that the troops take up their position late in the afternoon of the day previous to the attack on the Acworth road, rather than to attempt to accomplish the whole thing in one day. The route is entirely concealed from the sight of the enemy as the road is covered all the way by hills and woods.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 30, 1864-2 a.m.

Respectfully sent to Major-General McPherson, who will rear for his information and please return.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Raper's Creek, Ga., May 29, 1864.

General NEWTON:

GENERAL: If Major-General McPherson arrives to-night you will allow him to relieve such troops as you have on the line he is to occupy, moving your troops to the rear and bivouacking them for the night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

In the Field, May 29, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Will General Davis report to me to-night? It is extremely important, in my judgment, that he occupy the ground now held by General Stoneman. Nothing new; only the usual skirmishing.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

