HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Raper's Creek, Ga., May 29, 1864.

Major General JOHN M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to announce the receipt of your note of this date. The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Davis will be sent to you as soon as he reports to him, but that he cannot promise it will be to-night. I am also directed to say that when he does report to you that you will place him under cover of the woods just in rear of the position occupied by General Stoneman, in order that his presence may not be discovered to the enemy and his troops exposed to the fire of their batteries from the works constructed by them on the hill almost immediately opposite.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATION OF OBSERVATION,

Rear General Hooker's right, May 29, 1864-10.10 a.m.

Captain COLE,

In Charge Signal Detachment, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Can see a force of rebel infantry moving toward our right upon the crest of the ridge in our front, with knapsacks. Cannot estimate their numbers, as I have only just now noticed them immediately following my arrival upon station. Their line reaches from bastion upon Bare Knob half a mile toward our right. Do not know whether there is anything ahead of the force I can see.

WILLIAM QUINTON,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer, Fourteenth Army Corps.

SUNDAY, May 29, 1864-11.35 a.m.

Rebel wagon train moving south from range of hills is front of General Hooker's right. Heavy smoke ten degrees east of south, about four miles distant, and there is a heavy column of smoke rising in the same direction, about fifteen miles distant. Can see but few men in the works south-southwest of here, but there appears to be a large camp about one-half mile to their rear. See a small village about five miles northeast of here, which I think is Golgotha. No troops to be seen in that direction.

[QUINTON.]

MAY 29, 1864.

General McCOOK:

If you can spare the First Kentucky Cavalry please send it to me. Are you on the Acworth and Dallas road? If so, we will try and push on to it also this evening. How do you get along? If the infantry occupy the position we now hold I can move to the left and strengthen you. I understand they are coming up some time.

Yours, &amp;c.,

STONEMAN,

General.

