
IN THE FIELD, May 29, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

The First Kentucky is on the Dallas and Allatoona road near the Burnt Church, holding it in my rear. I regard the position at that point a very important one. If you withdraw them be king enough to let me know, so that I can place the necessary pickets. I am near where I was on the Marietta road. The enemy in my front, and between me and the Acworth and Dallas roads. They are throwing up barricades and earth-works, so it is reported. I have sent one of my staff officers to ascertain. Our pickets are close together.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 29, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division:

The enemy made several spirited attacks upon my lines during the night, endeavoring to regain the position for his line of skirmishers from which we drove him yesterday. My men have held their ground firmly. Skirmishing is still quite brisk.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Dallas, May 29, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Your note of this 8 a.m. just at hand, and the general commanding directs that you hold firm to your line, even to the hazard of a general engagement. We can fight an attack here as well as we can fight anywhere. Don't yield to the enemy any ground.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Dallas, May 29, 1864.

Major-Generals McPHERSON and SCHOFIELD:

I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that on Tuesday next General Thomas will send to Kingston a train of empty wagons, under escorts of one brigade, for the purpose of bringing forward supplies. General Sherman desires you likewise to make up a train and send at the same time; one regiment will be sufficient guard. Send back in these wagons all your sick and wounded proper to go to the rear, and have your commissary and quartermaster notify the chief commissary and quartermaster of the army the proper proportion of supplies needed, in order that they may be brought forward to Kingston by railroad. Instruct the officer in charge of your train to avail himself of the movements of General Blair to return to your command under his cover.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

