HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Dallas, Ga., May 29, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you withdraw Colonel Wilder's brigade after dark, when the movement begins, and that you carry out the instructions given you in his letter of last evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

One hundred and fifty men of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, dismounted, leave here for Huntsville, via Stevenson, at 6 o'clock p.m.; they are to constitute a part of the force to be stationed at Huntsville, which will be garrisoned by the Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, dismounted, and a portion of the Twelfth Indiana. Please instruct the commanding officers of your forces on the railroad between Decatur Junction and Huntsville to hold their commands in readiness to embark on the train which will transport my troops to the points occupied by them at once on its arrival, in order that the train may not be delayed longer than ten minutes at each place. I will endeavor to send enough troops on the trains that leave here to-morrow morning to relieve your men between Decatur Junction and Hunstville.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

WHITESBURG, ALA., May 29, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The gun-boat is here just from Guntersville. About fifty rebels had crossed over and eighty more going to cross; we killed 2 and wounded several. There are about fifty at a saltpeter cave about one mile from here on the south side of the river. Shall I take some men and go there? The boat has not a sufficient number.

C. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 146. Raper's Creek, Ga., May 29, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

V. Upon being relieved by Major-General McPherson's troops the Fourth and Twentieth Corps will move and take position as follows: The Fourth Corps, Major-General Howard, commanding, will move to the left and relieve Major-General Schofield's command in the position occupied by it. The Second Division, Fourteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Davis commanding, will report to Major-General Palmer, commanding, who will assign it to the position now occupied by Stoneman's cavalry. The Twentieth Army Corps, Major-General Hooker

