
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,
In the Field, Chattanooga, May 5, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Ringgold, Ga.:

I will be out to-day. General Schofield is at Red Clay. General McPherson's head of column will be at Gordon's Mills to-night. Everything moving well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

SIR: The position of our troops to-morrow night, the 6th instant, will be, Schofield at Red Clay, you at Ringgold, and McPherson at Gordon's Mills. The plan of action will be: You move in force on Tunnel Hill, secure it and threaten Dalton in front, but not to attack its defenses until further orders, unless the enemy assume the offensive against either of our wings, when all must attack directly in front toward the enemy's main army and not without orders detach to the relief of the threatened wing. At the time you move against Tunnel Hill McPherson will move to Ship's Gap and Villanow, and secure possession of Snake Creek Gap, from which he will operate vigorously against the enemy's flank or line of communication between Tilton Station and Resaca. I want you, with cavalry or infantry, to fill well up Dogwood Valley, and communicate with McPherson at Villanow. Trains likely to embarrass our movements should not be taken east of Taylor's Ridge, till we have observed the effect of these first movements. I expect to be all ready to move on Saturday, and wish you to make all preparations accordingly.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Catoosa Springs, May 5, 1864.

General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Thomas requests that when we move from this place toward the enemy that it be done with the least possible number of wagons. To carry out this request there will be allowed one wagon each to corps, division, and brigade headquarters. A small supply train, sufficient for two day's forage and rations, ammunition train, and the wagons with tools, will constitute the train for the march. The rest of the wagon train will move to Ringgold, via Parker's Gap, filled with rations and forage at that place, and be ready for further orders. This is preparatory for marching orders, which will probably come to-morrow morning.

Division commanders will please report as soon as possible the exact number of wagons that will go forward in their trains, in compliance

