
Dodge's. These brigades and battery to remain in position until the whole line is withdrawn from the immediate front of the enemy, and passed through to the rear, skirmishers and pickets included.

Third. These dispositions being made, the movement will commence on the right and proceed around to the left successively, and the commands will move off and take up the positions assigned them under direction of proper staff officers. The pickets are not to be withdrawn until the whole column has about passed the position taken by the reserve brigade. When the pickets come in the reserve brigade will move off the route taken by their respective divisions. The whole movement must be conducted quietly and with the least possible noise, and the troops kept well closed up to avoid confusion or mistake.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 10. Dallas, Ga., May 29, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. Lieutenant Edward Jonas, K Company, Fiftieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is announced as aide-de-camp on the staff of the general commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

III. To properly carry out Special Field Orders, No. 23, paragraph II, current series, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee-First, Colonel Sprague, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, will take the position designated for the reserve of this command, putting in his reserve regiments first. Second, all teams, except one or two ammunition wagons to a brigade, will report at the brick court-house in the town of Dallas at the time designated. As all our batteries are in position, the caissons only of those in second line will report with teams. Captain J. K. Wing, assistant quartermaster, will direct the movement of train. Third, the troops will be drawn out from right to left, first line first, then the second; and a staff officer at these headquarters will notify the staff officers of divisions of the time to withdraw pickets. It is desirable that the skirmish line should know nothing of the movement, and the troops only enough to draw them out quietly. Division and brigade commanders will be expected to give their personal of pioneer corps will be put to work slashing timber in front of works, a portion will accompany trains and a portion batteries.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 130. In the Field, May 29, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. The Fourth Division will march to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock with its train, followed by the train belonging to the cavalry of this command. The Third Division will march at 6 o'clock, following closely in rear of the cavalry train.

