HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, May 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General McPherson made several attempts to draw off his troops, but as often was assaulted, so as to put him on the defensive. It is utterly impossible that our enemy can hold all his line in strength, and we must work to the left. There is no absolute necessity for undue haste as time will soon give us the advantage of General Blair's troops. I will go in person to Dallas, and after inspecting the ground, will begin the movement, and see if the enemy will attempt to sally and then judge whether we had no better draw him on and fight him. We must not remain on the defensive. Therefore, in this connection I wish you to have your troops well disposed, the skirmishers well out, the lines full, and the reserves well disposed to be removed. Judge of the best point or points to assault in case that you hear us more than usually engaged at Dallas. I will bring Davis and McPherson up, if possible, to-day, so that you command may occupy all the front, embracing the several Allatoona and Acworth roads. I wish you to see that the high and commanding ground near Pickett's Mill, which ought to overlook Leverett's, be occupied in force, and let the cavalry patrol the road up as far as possible. I will repeat my orders to General Stoneman to be active on that flank. I will probably be absent all day, and in my absence you can command all in this part of the field, but preserve the general plan.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CUMBERLAND, May 30, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: What news from McPherson? There has been nothing but brisk skirmishing in front of Newton and Stanley since 2 a.m. About that time, hearing McPherson's guns, my people opened a hot skirmish fire; also an artillery fire. As McPherson's artillery fire soon afterward ceased, my artillery fire was also stopped, but skirmishing has continued ever since. I have heard no artillery from the enemy in my front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, May 30, 1864- 7.20 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Yours of 7 a.m. was received by the general commanding, who has this moment started for General McPherson's front. His letter to you contains all the information we have - letter sent an hour since.

I am, general, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

