HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, May 30, 1864- 2 a.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Reports of Stoneman, through an officer who has just left here, indicate that the enemy is massing his cavalry at least to gain the roads on our left. Stoneman is quite apprehensive that himself and McCook, unless supported, will be compelled to retire from their present positions. The importance of the roads and crossing on the left leading to Burnt Hickory is fully understood by the general commanding. I have no troops to send to support the cavalry without encountering the risk of losing my own position. Cruft is hardly subject to my orders for such a purpose, though I have ordered him to be ready to move, if needed, and have sent Mr. Shaw to Stoneman's position to watch and report. With Davis, all would be safe.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, May 30, 1864-2.40 a.m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

General King has just received that from the activity and commands which General Carlin hears in his immediate front, he thinks the enemy are massing there. He is apprehensive also from the chopping heard at the foot of the hill occupied by Colonel Scribner's brigade, that they are erecting a battery there which will enfilade not only his own line, but General Wood's also. Mr. Shaw has just returned from General Stoneman's. Stoneman seems to have expected that his present position would have been occupied last night by infantry, and Shaw says he claims to have had a promise from General Thomas and myself to that effect, and was much disappointed that it was not done. Of course I made no such promise, but expressed a hope that Davis would get there. He thinks he will be driven out at daylight, and says repeated attempts have been made to do so. I think if he is vigorously attacked in the morning he will withdraw, and then Carlin will be in great danger. Mr. Shaw will deliver his in person. With the interval of half a mile on my right and with open fields on Carlin's left, affording easy access to the roads in his rear, the general commanding will determined what is to be done.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Raper's Creek, Ga., May 30, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

Your note of 2 a.m. received. The major-general commanding the department directs me to say that he expected Davis up with his division last night, but of course the attack of last night upon the portion

