
last night, and failed. I think we will try it again this afternoon. The attack last night was made by the enemy just as McPherson began to move out. It was on his left, and was repulsed with little loss to us. My skirmish lines held their positions, though sharply attacked several times. My division is much scattered, occupying and picketing the entire from between my right and Hooker's. My casualties yesterday and last night are light. Mitchell's brigade is strongly intrenched about midway between my left and Hooker's right, in rear of the picket-line, and covering the road I had cut from here to Hooker's rear, and upon which it is intended I shall withdraw. McCook's brigade still holds the gap east of me through mountain. Morgan supports McPherson's right. The enemy was busy intrenching and placing batteries on the mountain all day yesterday, and now commands the main road to Marietta with artillery from here to Hooker's right.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS, May 30, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report that there is still an interval of over a mile between my right proper and Davis' left, covered only by a thin line of pickets from Davis' division. The enemy have been vigilant and spiteful on my right to-day.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General.

MAY 30, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

See three pieces of enemy's artillery on bald hill opposite General Butterfield's right. General McPherson's signal officers says: "Logan repulsed the assault last night with heavy loss to the enemy."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. F. REBER,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, May 30, 1864.

Captain REBER:

I send you what I can see from station. Three pieces of rebel artillery can be seen this morning on works on open ridge; cannot see many troops there. Our trains passing on the road toward Dallas. No smoke nor dust, indicating the enemy, to be seen this morning from this point.

S. J. BRENT,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer, Twentieth Army Corps.

