HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, May 30, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT:

The enemy kept up an incessant fire upon my men from 9 o'clock last night until daylight this morning. My men were not permitted to reply, but reserved their fire for nearer approach of enemy. Their fire was without any result, except keeping my whole command awake all night. I could not see their object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 30, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Carlin, whose brigade is my left, reports at this moment the enemy very active on his front. He detects what he deems the preparation of two batteries, and his pickets, they think, detect the hum and suppressed noises which usually attend the movement of large bodies of troops. General Carlin is not given to the indulgence of fancies, and may be correct in his opinion that the left of our line will be attacked to-night or to-morrow morning. In ghat case the position held by your troops is a very precarious one. I left there at 5.30 o'clock. Your men were at work on a battery, but the troops were posted at the moment without much reference to an effective defense. I suggest the importance of getting your artillery in position before day, and that you send up any supports you may intend for your brigade.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISIPPI, In the Field, May 30, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: General McPherson made several attempts to withdraw from his position near Dallas, but in all he was assaulted and left compelled to resume his breast-works. I will go down myself to-day and see if that force cannot come up to use enable us to work around to the east and north. Where is General Stoneman, and what is he about? Captain Poe reported that some orderlies were captured on the road at the very cross-roads where I supposed him to be. Assuming the rebel lines beginning at Leverett's and extending by New Hope Church to near Dallas, General Stoneman should which the road from Leverett's toward Acworth as far as Allatoona Creek, and he should picket, in connection with McCook, all the cross-roads. The use of the Acworth road is what we must fight for.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

