
with the above instructions. Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster Fourth Corps, will direct the organization and movement of the trains to be made up as above mentioned. The two regiments of the First and Second Divisions, now with the general supply train at Salem Church, will come to the front as a guard for the train which is to move with the troops. Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Third Division, will furnish a regiment to guard that part of the general supply train which is to move to Ringgold via Parker's Gap. This regiment will stop at said gap, where it will remain as a guard until further orders.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- The design is to carry, in different ways, five days' supplies.

(Same to Newton, Wood, and McCook.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Catoosa Springs, Ga., May 5, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Red Clay, Ga.:

GENERAL: I should have communicated with you before but for my limited number of orderlies.

My corps got into position, general line of battle facing southeast along a ridge which covers Catoosa Springs. My left is about half a mile in a direct line west of Burke's Mill, McCook's cavalry in that vicinity picketing the roads toward Varnell's Station and Tunnel Hill. My wagon train is at present two miles and a half toward Parker's Gap, at Salem Church. There are two good approaches from Red Clay to Catoosa Springs. The one via Ellidge's mill and Burke's Mill, and the other via Switzer's or Swisher's, on the old Alabama road, and Brannan's and Salem Church; the latter is more covered but a little farther. My pickets on the right connect with those at Ringgold. Please try and communicate with my signal officers. They think that if yours were watching it could be done. Please notify me if you are ordered to move and where. Your brigade of cavalry ought to communicate with mine by patrolling or otherwise.

Respectfully, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864.

Captain J. P. WILLARD,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your note, I have to inform the general commanding that Brigadier-General Morgan, with one of his regiments, drove the rebel pickets from the two hills to the right of the Tunnel Hill road without firing a shot, paying no attention to the few shots fired by them. I directed these hills to be held by a strong guard - four companies. From that point the picket of the Fourteenth Corps extends almost due west to the top of Taylor's Ridge and connects with

