
been strengthened and they are at work, and it is supposed that they intend to occupy it as their main line. Men are at work strengthening our line on the left, of the division to resist their approach.

I am, captain, yours, &amp;c.,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

MAY 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to my previous communication concerning the interval between General Davis' right and my left, held only by a thin picket-line. Supposing that Major-General McPherson's command was to arrive and relieve us every hour for the last three days, I have not attached the importance to it which it now seems to have since their non-arrival.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

IN THE FIELD, May 31, 1864-3.40 p.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

From all the evidence I can collect I am satisfied that the rebel force opposite Brownlow's position has been increased. My artillery officer informs me that a battery has been placed in position opposite that point; they advanced their sharpshooters to the edge of the field. I would again most respectfully call to your attention the necessity I believe to exist for occupying the hill and wood between the right of my line and the left of the infantry, with a force of some character sufficiently strong to hold it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, May 31, 1864.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have just conversed with a prisoner captured this morning by the skirmishers of Colonel Strickland's brigade, Second Division. He says that the occasion of the firing on our lines this morning was the advance of a strong line of rebel skirmishers, with a view to driving back our skirmishers. The prisoner belongs to Logan's division the left of one belongs to Loring's division, of Polk's corps. He says he understands that Hardee's corps occupies the left of the rebel line, Polk's the center, and Hood's the left [right]. He says the distance between ours and the rebel works is about a quarter of a mile; that the enemy have but one line of trenches, occupied by two or three brigades to a division, with one brigade in reserve. Wagon trains were passing to the rebel

