HDQRS.&amp;C., GENERAL THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS, May 31, 1864-2.20 p.m.

General McPHERSON,Dallas:

I sent you the orders of movement for to-morrow. I now send you a map which gives the best surveys, and I indicate the best points for your five divisions to cover the right flank. Our heaviest fighting will be still farther east than is given on this map, at a point where the road forks to Marietta and Acworth. Make your movement as early to-morrow morning as possible, so that Hooker may relieve Schofield, and Schofield may make his attack on the Acworth road. I doubt if the enemy will threaten or attack our right after they discern your new position, after which the division left to your right rear will be a good reserve.

Tell Garrard that his movement is indispensably necessary to cover the trains that have gone into Kingston, as well as to secure the pass.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, May 31, 1864.

General GARRARD,Commanding Division of Cavalry, Dallas:

GENERAL: I did intend that General Blair's troops, expected from Decatur, should take the Allatoona Pass, but he will not be up in time. You should part your wagons for Burnt Hickory this evening, and when General McPherson gives the word, move your cavalry by any road across Pumpkin Vine and outside the infantry up to the same point, then start your wagons direct for Stilesborough and Kingston for forage and supplies. At Burnt Hickory take the road toward Cartersville till it intersects the Allatoona road, and follow it briskly. If you find the road occupied, attack the cavalry and the infantry with dismounted men, and force your way into and through the pass along the railroad till you secure some commanding position; then report back to me what is done, and your supply train can come up to the Etowah bridge to your rear. Do not be deterred by appearances, but act boldly and promptly; the success of our movement depends on our having Allatoona Pass. After it is secured, I will recall you to McPherson. Stoneman, approaching from the front, will shake any force in the pass.

I am, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Dallas, May 31, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

Captain D. C. Moore, aide-de-camp, reports a heavy force of infantry moving around our right.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

