
points, and move to Decatur, reporting to their brigade commanders. At the same time they will send their transportation, escorted by a sufficient guard, by dirt road to the same place.e

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, May 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH:

A woman has just come,in leaving Hillsborough at daylight this morning. She reports that three companies of rebels came in there last evening at sundown, calling themselves the advance of Forrest's force. These soldiers said Forrest was coming up with his whole force to attack this point.

JAS. H. HOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

DECATUR, May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Ninth Ohio Cavalry at Mooresville. Will send the statement required by staff officer to-morrow. Please have is settled at once to whom I am to report. General Starkweather, at Pulaski, sends me orders.

J. H. HOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WHITESBURG, ALA., May 31, 1864-8 a.m.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I returned last night with the gun-boat. I found about thirty men at the saltpeter works. They all flied to the mountains. We destroyed all their works, which were near, and fire in their furnaces. We found a picket-post of the men, Eleventh Texas, at Hallowell's Ferry. We wounded two, the balance ran to the mountains. There is nothing in my front. Rebels have nearly all gone to the Coosa River. Captain Johnson (rebel) is on this side with about forty men.

C. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Whitesburg.

KINGSTON, GA., May 31, 1864.

(Received 4.30 a.m. June 1.)

Major ECKERT:

Major Hopkins, of Stoneman's staff, came from front this afternoon; says rebels attacked at 7.30 a.m., and that at 10 a.m. affair was over; enemy repulsed, and our left reached railroad near Marietta. Orders have been sent to quartermasters and commissaries to bring forward twenty days' supplies for the army. General Blair is due at Rome to-night and one of Rousseau's regiments reached there this day. Militia coming along.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

