
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., No. 15. In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., May 31, 1864.

In order to secure the rapid and efficient co-working of the topographical engineer department of the army in the field, and to avoid making surveys of any road by more than one officer, the following system will be adopted:

I. No topographical engineer shall be employed as an aide-de-camp or in any other duty than in making purely military surveys. The selection of camps, location of picket-lines, and repairs of roads are not to be imposed on them, but on quartermasters and other staff officer.

II. On a march they will survey the route of their commands. When the army comes to a permanent or temporary halt, they will report in person to the chief engineer of their respective departments and make such special field surveys as may be assigned them, at all times complying with his orders and instructions. Their surveys will then be compiled, and maps will be sent to their chiefs, who will cause them to be consolidated and issued from time to time as the exigence of the campaign will permit.

III. All corps, division and brigade commanders will assist their topographical engineers to work in harmony and for the benefit of the whole army, and thus secure the data from which to compile, at the earliest possible moment, maps which are indispensably necessary in military movements, as in this manner only can all general officers receive the benefit of all military surveys.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, FIELD ORDERS, Near Brown's Mill Creek, Ga., No. 148. May 31, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Upon the arrival of General McPherson's troops, Major-General Howard will move such portions of the divisions of Generals Stanley and Newton as can be spared from the trenches, and with those and General Wood's division, occupy the interval which I will be left in the line by the withdrawal of General Schofield's command. Upon General Davis' division joining its corps it will take position on the right of General Johnson's division, taking the ground now occupied by General Wood's division. Upon being relieved by General McPherson's troops General Hooker will move his corps to the left and mass it behind Johnson's left, east of what is known as Pickett's Mill creek.

When these movements can be made they will be made with as little delay as possible.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, DALLAS, GA., No. 25. May 31, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The following movement of the troops will take place:

First. At 10 p.m. this evening the reserve brigade of Brigadier-General Sweenty's division and one battery will move around through the town

