
of Dallas and out on the North Marietta road, and take the position at present occupied by Colonel Mitchell's brigade, of General Davis' division, relieving his pickets through to General Hooker's right.

Second. At daylight to-morrow morning, June 1, the reserve brigades and batteries of the Fifteenth Army Corps will be placed in position on this side of the open side overlooking the intersection of the Villa Rica and Marietta roads.

Third. The division of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps and Brigadier General J. C. Davis' division and batteries will then be withdrawn successively from the intrenchments, commencing on the right, and move back in good past those reserves, ready to reply in line of battle should the enemy follow out of his works. The division of the Fifteenth Army Corps will march through Dallas, and take the most direct road to Major-General Hooker's right and relieve his command. The remaining brigade of General Sweeny's division will move down across the fields, through the ravine in rear of General Veatch's present headquarters, and take a road which has been cut out this afternoon leading into the Burnt Hickory road, and proceed thence until he crosses to some new intrenchments which have been thrown up in some large open fields at the intersection of roads leading to General Sherman's headquarters. Brigadier-General Veatch's division will follow the brigade of General Sweeny's and proceed to Owen's Mill,on Pumpkin Vine Creek, and guard the trains now parked in that vicinity. Brigadier General J. C. Davis will move his division in accordance with instructions from Major-General Thomas.

Fourth. All trains will be sent in advance of the troops.

Fifth. The pickets will be withdrawn when the divisions have passed the position of the reserves first posted, and the officer commanding infantry pickets on the right will notify the cavalry pickets when he withdraws, in order that they may do the same, and proceeded to join their respective commands.

Sixth. When the commands have all passed the new intrenchments in the open fields, General Sweeny's division will proceed to that point indicated on the map and guard the flanks of our line, picketing strongly all the roads.

Seventh. Brigadier-General Garrard, on being relieved by General Veatch, will proceed immediately to carry out the instructions of Major-General Sherman.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH, A. C., No. 11. Dallas, Ga., May 31, 1864.

I. The trains of this command, excepting three ammunition wagons to each brigade, will proceed as follows:

General Veatch's train to the position designated in Special Field Orders, No. 25, paragraph II, from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, under the guidance of an officer to be detailed by Major Kuhn, Ninth Illinois.

