HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Pickett's Mill, June 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you relieve the troops of General Hovey (infantry and artillery), now in position in your front on the left of General Carlin's brigade, at daybreak to-morrow morning. General Hovey's command is ordered for other duty, and it is necessary he should be relieved by daybreak. He has there, I believe, but one brigade and one battery.

Respectful, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, June 1, 1864-7 a.m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: The movements for to-day direct by Special Field Orders, No. 14, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, May 30, 1864, and pointed out to you on the 31st ultimo on the official maps, requires the following co-operation by your division: Should General Schofield succeed in dividing the force of the enemy on the Acworth road, and force him to fall in disorder toward that place, you will press him hard. General Stoneman marches at 12 m. You will make a diversion in his favor by engaging the attention of the enemy on the Acworth road on your left front, to enable General Stoneman the better to fulfill his instructions without much opposition. It is represented that Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, First Kentucky Cavalry, was within two miles of Allatoona on the 31st ultimo.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, June 1, 1864-8.50 a.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

My impression is that General Stoneman will meet with no opposition. Some of my scouts were within a quarter of a mile of Acworth road and found that the enemy's pickets that had been there the day before had been withdrawn. I think they have moved the greater part of, or probably all, the cavalry that was on my left directly to my front. I will make the diversion you desire.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

