
RED CLAY, GA., May 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Chattanooga:

We have at last got the railroad train with two miles of this place, and my command will to-night be supplied to the 10th. My wagons are beginning to arrive from Knoxville, so I will be able to carry out your instructions by close working. Will you please order transportation for my troops and reserve ammunition from Knoxville? The cars have all been taken from the control of my quartermaster, and he cannot get any.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio, Red Clay:

GENERAL: The enemy still lies about Dalton, seemingly on the defensive, his preparations being mostly against an approach from the north and west. I wish to give him little time for preparation, and to assume the offensive on Saturday. Thomas will move straight on Tunnel Hill. McPherson will move from Gordon's Mills, via Rock Spring, to Ship's Gap and Villanow; thence he will occupy Snake Creek Gap, and from that point operate on the enemy's flank if in motion, or against the railroad at some point between Tilton and Resaca. I want you to keep up communication with Howard, and as he moves toward Tunnel Hill you move on Varnell's Station, inclining to your right so as to hold the road between Varnell's and Catoosa Springs. If you have reason to apprehend encountering a force superior to your own, you can cross the hills to your right and make for Catoosa. As you perceive I do not propose to attack Dalton from the north, but the west and south, therefore the movement should continue to Varnell's, except with almost a certainty of the case I make of a superior force there. Keep your columns as light as possible, your wagons over toward Parker's Gap, till the issue of the first battle is determined. As soon as Tunnel Hill is secured to us, I shall pause to give McPherson time for his longer march, but we must occupy the attention of all the enemy lest he turn his whole force on McPherson, which must be prevented. Therefore, on the sound of heavy battle always close up on Howard and act according to circumstances. We will not be able to detach to McPherson's assistance, but can press so closely from this direction that he cannot detach but a part of his command against him. I have reason to believe Johnston has sent most of his cavalry to North Alabama, but still you should guard against a cavalry sweep on that flank, which can best be done by keeping your columns compact.

I am, with the respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864-7.30 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD, Red Clay, Ga.:

Will you be able to move to Varnell's on Saturday? All well here. Keep up communication with Howard.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

