HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, June 1, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Captain Reese will, no doubt, give you our position. It is a weak line, but I will hold it should the enemy attack until you can support me, should I need it. I have ordered my train this side of Pumpkin Vine Creek and in our rear. I considered our train exposed where they lay,and General Veatch, in my judgment, should hold a position on this side of Pumpkin Vine Creek, while the trains are parked to the north east of him, say on Raper's Creek, in the open fields near the road leading north from my front. My line is so long that I have to weaken the force to keep on communication with the Fifteenth Army Corps. Could not their skirmish line extended so as to cover one-half the distance between us? I have ordered General Veatch, should an attack be made here and not on him, to send re-enforcements to me immediately, and by to-morrow I will have good roads leading to General Veatch, General Logan, and to the rear.

The enemy followed Sweeny's right, I do not think we have anything but cavalry. By morning I will be well intrenched. If the picketing of half the distance with Fifteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps by each meets your views, please give the orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR NEW HOPE CHURCH, GA., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

As soon as General Sweeny's division is in the position which Captain Reese has selected, you will have him establish a line of pickets through to the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and also with General Veatch, at Owen's Mill. Picket strongly all the roads leading back to Dallas, and some distance out. Also the road leading into the Marietta road. General Sweeny's division is in the nature of a reserve for our right flank and rear, and he must instruct his pickets to be particularly vigilant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR NEW HOPE CHURCH, GA., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General VEATCH,

Commanding Division:

On relieving General Garrard, commanding cavalry, from duty of guarding the trains, you will proceed to make a thorough examination down Pumpkin Vine Creek to see if a better and more secure place cannot be found in which to park them. Since our recent movements [they are] too near our flank, and should be carried around more nearly opposite the center of our line. From the map which I inclose herewith

