
DALLAS, GA., July 1, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

As soon as you are delivered from guarding the train by Brigadier-General Veatch's division you will proceed to carry out the instructions of Major-General Sherman. It is deemed of vital importance to cover our supply trains which have been sent back to Kingston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 1, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Just received following dispatches:

I have sent out 400 men with section of artillery to see what they have on Courtland road. The Ninth Ohio has been relieved at Nashville; all come here, but have no troops to relieve them with. Three hundred and one men of Twelfth Indiana Cavalry are at stockade near an unfinished bridge, between here and Decatur Junction. They are of no use where they are.

DECATUR, June 1, 1864.

The officer I sent out this morning on Courtland reports by orderly that he has driven the enemy's pickets about six miles; that citizens along the road report Forrest on road with 5,000 men, Roddey with his command at Moulton. I very much need some heavy guns; cannot you procure and send me some? I have but 8-pounder pieces. I have alluded by telegram and otherwise to the necessity of artillery being here. The command is now without drill. My pickets and patrols out.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, June 1, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Force sent out this morning from Decatur have returned. Were met by the enemy in strong force seven miles out. Cavalry and infantry command was followed to Decatur picket-line. All right. Made the enemy demonstrate somewhat. Forrest is locating at the cross-roads leading to Decatur and Lamb's Ferry. General Smith was at Decatur, but did not assume any command, and some one should be fully authorized immediately, as nothing can be done without full authority.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Pulaski, Tenn., June 1, 1864.

Colonel ROWETT, Athens:

Firing heard by your patrols was between the enemy and forces sent out from Decatur this morning. Forces returned to-night all O K; met enemy in heavy force. Forrest is at cross-roads of Decatur and Lamb's Ferry roads. Keep your patrols so [as] to have full information as to movements of the enemy. Ninth Ohio Cavalry have come from Mooresville to Decatur.

JOHN C. MSTARKWEATHER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

