
and brought off with me two nice canoes. Cast off and arrived at Whitesburg at 7 p.m. Lay to over night. May 31, under way 5.15 a.m. Landed at Mr. Williams'; while there was hailed by a flag of truce from the opposite (south) bank, cast off and crossed over. It proved to be a party of citizens who proposed to report to me the appearance of any guerrillas in their vicinity, and asked not to be disturbed if they did so. They report that there is not at the present any force of the enemy on the south bank, that all is open and cleared up. They further report that a column of our troops is moving up on the north bank some seven or eight miles back from the river. I steamed up to Gunter's Landing; landed and wooded; cast off, and made Larkin's Landing at 3.15 p.m. Set the home guards ashore; took on some wood; also 1 prisoner that the home guards had captured, and brought him up with me; turned him over to the provost-marshal this morning; arrived at Bridgeport at 11 p.m.

The above is very respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM A. NAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Boat.

KINGSTON, GA., June 1, 1864.

(Received 3.30 a.m. 2d.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Nothing from the front to-day, except a large number of wounded. The roads are becoming infested with small marauding parties. Three couriers were captured between here and Dallas last night, and mounted rebels picked ups stragglers between here and Resaca to-day. General Blair will not reach here before the 4th of 5th. Moving slowly.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Dallas, June 2, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Yesterday General McPherson moved up from Dallas to the point in front of the enemy at New Hope Church, and Generals Schofield and Hooker were shifted to the extreme left. To-day they pushed forward in a heavy rain and thunder storm, and have advanced about two miles toward Marietta. At the same time I sent General Stoneman's cavalry directly to Allatoona and General Garrard's cavalry to the western end of the pass, both of whom reached their points and secured possession of the pass. So our movement has secured to us that pass which was considered a formidable one. I have ordered the railroad to be repaired, and will gradually move across by the left of the railroad. The country is most difficult, being of dense undergrowth and short steep ridges of flinty stone. Thus fa we have had no real battle, but one universal skirmish extending over a vast surface.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 2, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS, Near Dallas, Ga.:

You are hereby authorized to enlist a regiment from the volunteer forces in the Army of the Cumberland that have served or are serving

25 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

