
as pioneers, pensioners, or engineers, pursuant to the act of Congress passed at the present session authorizing such enlistments. A formal order will be transmitted by mail. In the mean time you may go on at once with the enlistments, as suggested in your telegram of yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, June 2, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Schofield will pass east from a point a little north of Stoneman's Hill with orders to make progress two miles east and a little north so as to get on the waters of Allatoona Creek. I wish your general line to swing up so as to gradually face south or southeast. We should not build so much breast-works but fortify points and keep the troops handy. Have as many roads as possible toward Allatoona and Burnt Hickory.

Yours, &amp;c.,W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS, June 2, 1864- 8 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report that I am in position in rear of General Schofield; supporting distance to his satisfaction. I have two brigades in line (bridge front) in rear of his left, and one massed on the left of this road in reserve. I have placed my light 12-pounder battery to cover Schofield's flank. Upon my arrival here General Schofield desired me to operate on his left drive a battery away from his left front, which prevented his advance. Although noting accordance with my orders, I determined to do as soon as I could get my troops in position as directed; darkness came on before it could be done. I shall do so in the morning, if you do not think it injudicious to have me extending around his (Schofield's) left, and operating there. I rank Major-General Schofield, but informed him immediately my arrival that I would support him in any way he might desire, cheerfully and promptly, and ordered my first line to move up at once without waiting for me, If not at hand, upon an intimation from him that they were needed. The creek I am on seems to be, from General Schofield's, another Pumpkin Vine branch,and the road we are on not the one Colonel Asmusse supposed; this information he had from the cavalry. He will communicate it, I presume, to Major-General Sherman. The accompanying diagram* will show my position fully, relative to Schofield and this road. I regard to report Surgeon Potter, First Brigade, killed; Major [Miller], commanding Thirty-third Indiana, severely wounded. Please inform Doctor Otterson of Potter's loss.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

Geary's left is reported to me about fifty rods from my right, and his line nearly at a right angle to mine.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

