
IN THE FIELD, GA., June 2, 1864-8.40 a.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that my horses are absolutely dying from starvation; five from one company dropped on picket this morning, totally exhausted for want of something to eat. The green wheat and leaves, the only foe we can procure, neither strengthens nor nourishes them. I tell you their condition now so that you may not rely upon the division as serviceable, for it certainly is not.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Kingston, Ga., June 2, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that all is quiet in the immediate vicinity of the town. Small parties of rebel cavalry have been seen within four or five miles of the post, and have picked up some few of our soldiered. I have sent out scouting parties, but have been unable to capture any of them. I sent out a battalion of the Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers to-day to guard the brigade about five miles from here; the guerrillas had threatened to burn it. The following regiments left here this morning for the front: First East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers, Twelfth Kentucky Volunteers, Ninety-first Indiana Volunteers, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers. The Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers arrived last night; to-night 700 convalescents arrived partially armed. Officers and convalescents are sent forward as rapidly as possible. The road between this point and Adairsville is patrolled at all times, one-half of the distance by Colonel W. W. Lowe, the other by my force. Wounded are sent to Chattanooga ar rapidly as possible. I sent off to-day 182 prisoners. The Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers will leave for front to-morrow.

I am, general, your most obedient,

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

ETOWAH BRIGADE, June 2, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: My pickets being relieved after the withdrawal of General McPherson's army, I could not leave till 3.30 p.m. yesterday. I reached here at 7.30 a.m. to-day. There is no enemy here. The wagon bridge and the railroad bridge at this point are both burnt; there is a ford half a mile below,so citizens report. The railroad track is not destroyed as far as I have examined. My train with forage has not yet reached me, and if possible a few days' rest and feed would be of great benefit to the horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

