HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, June 2, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARRARD, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note of this morning to the general commanding just to hand and he directs me to answer. He wishes you to picket at the west end of Allatoona Pass. Report to General Stoneman and re-enforce him to the full extent of your command (save the picket), if General Stoneman should require. Let your horses feed upon green feed, and forage as soon as you can get your wagons up. The general commanding as soon as you can get your wagons up. The general commanding has been out all day on the line and is this moment back. Unless unlooked for circumstances require you will likely have the advantage of rest until General Blair comes. Avail yourself of this opportunity to feed up your animals well.

I am,general, yours, respectfully,L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, June 2, 1864.

General STONEMAN,

Commanding Division of Cavalry, Allatoona:

GENERAL: Your note of last evening did not reach me till this morning at 7 a.m.,but I heard from a scout in the night that you were in Allatoona. Get a very strong position and feel forward across Allatoona Creek, toward Acworth. Sent to Kingston word that you are at Allatoona, and that I want the railroad finished up to that point at once. General Garrard can come up to you from the rear if necessary, otherwise ha had better be about Stilesborough to cover the road from the south. I apprehend no serious trouble from the north, nor do I suppose Johnston will try to dispose you so long as we are working toward Marietta. Spare your horses as much as possible, and let them feed on grass. The cars can bring you corn to Etowah bridge. Send me to-night the best topographical sketch of the country between you and us. There is a high and valuable trestle-work somewhere about Allatoona that I want to save. Look to it also.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-general, Commanding.

ALLATOONA, June 2, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note was received this afternoon upon my return from looking at the surrounding country. It so happened that the first thing I did this morning was to send my quartermaster and commissary express to Kingston to try to get a railroad train up to Etowah bridge as soon as possible, and also to inform the superintendent of railroad construction that he could go to work at the bridge as soon as he pleased, and the same which the telegraph. The railroad is undisturbed up as far as Acworth, except the Etowah bridge. There is no trestle-work between the river and Acworth, nor are there earth-works of any description except a rifle-pits near the river. The brigade has six spans, three of them over the river, the other three on dry land. The wagon bridge, just below, has the cribs still standing. The ford, a mile below, is impassable for wagons; it was tried to-day; the bottom is too rough and rocky. The telegraph wire is all up except

