
RED CLAY, GA., May 5, 1864-12.50 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Catoosa Springs:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7.30 a. m.* to-day is just received. I am in position here. My cavalry is mostly on my left flank; one regiment about two miles in advance toward Varnell's Station. I will direct them to communicate with yours by patrols. My signal officer reported yesterday that he could not communicate with yours. I will have him try it again. I have no orders to move; will inform you the moment I receive such orders. Please do the same.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, May 5, 1864.

Colonel WRIGHT,

Superintendent Military Railroads, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Inclosed+ I send you a copy of telegram from General Schofield, which you see is important. The general commanding desires you will give your immediate and careful attention to the repairs of the road, and complete the repairs to Red Clay if possible this day.

Yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

SIR: The enemy still lies about Dalton, and from all appearances is on the defensive, guarding approaches mostly from the north and west. He occupies in some force the range of hills known as the Tunnel Hill. By to-morrow night our forces will be about as follows: Schofield at Red Clay; Thomas at Ringgold - his left, Catoosa Springs, center at Ringgold, and right (Hooker) near Wood's Station; and you at Gordon's Mills. If you are all ready I propose on Saturday morning to move against the enemy - Thomas directly on Tunnel Hill; Schofield to Varnell's and the gap between it and Catoosa Springs, feeling toward Thomas; Hooker will move through Nickajack Gap on Trickum and threaten the road which runs from Buzzard Roost to Snake [Creek] Gap. As these are in progress I want you to move, via Rock Spring, Tavern Road, to the head of Middle Chickamauga; then to Villanow; then to Snake [Creek] Gap, secure it and from it make a bold attack on the enemy's flank or his railroad at any point between Tilton and Resaca. I am in hopes that Garrard's cavalry will be at Villanov as soon as you, for, you know, I have sent General Corse to meet him at Shellmound and conduct him across the mountain to La Fayette and to you. But, in any event, his movement will cover your right rear and enable you to leave all incumbrances either at Ship's Gap or Villanov, as you deem best.

---------------

*See p. 36.

+See p. 31.

---------------

