HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., June 2, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,Commanding at Nashville, Tenn.:

I returned from Decatur last night; found the command in good condition. A force of 350 infantry, 150 cavalry, and one section of artillery, was sent out yesterday on the Courtland road. Came up with the enemy in considerable force about six miles out; said to be Forrest's command. Our forces were driven back within two miles of Decatur, when the enemy ceased pursuit. Roddey's force is said to be on the Moulton road. I would respectfully suggest that heavier guns be sent down for the more successful defense of the place. There are only six pieces and two James rifled guns.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., June 2, 1864.

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,Commanding Second Bridge, Larkinsville, Ala.:

COLONEL: You will remove with your command that has been relieved from guard duty along the line of railroad to this place, excepting that portion of Tenth Missouri Infantry under Lieutenant-Colonel Happed, stationed at Paint Rock bridge, who will be directed to report to the commanding officer at Brownsborough. The troops will embark on board the cars as soon as practicable, and the wagon train will be sent by dirt road with a sufficient escort. Any surplus baggage or camp and garrison equipage that cannot be readily hauled by the wagon train, will be placed on cars and transported to this place.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 2, 1864- For Wood's congratulatory orders, are Part I, p.388.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 134. In the Field, June 2, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow morning as follows: The cavalry brigade and the Third Division will move promptly at 4 o'clock from their respective camps. The Fourth Division will follow the Third, being held in readiness to move at 6 o'clock. The train of the cavalry brigade will follow closely in the rear of the Fourth Division. The rear brigade, of the rear division, will protect the wagon train of the cavalry in the event of attack.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

