
roads from Marietta, Acworth, and Allatoona. Ireland's brigade, Second Division, is at the brigade, six miles from here, as ordered. They found the brigade partially destroyed. The balance of my command is as heretofore. Hereafter I request that it may be kept together. I have been supporting everybody and everything. My headquarters are at the same place as last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Herewith I send you a sketch* which will give you a correct idea of the roads as I found them to-day. Scouts of mine were at Allatoona and Acworth at 3 p.m. to-day and found no enemy.

J. H.

IN THE FIELD, GA., June 3, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

My command is encamped on the Acworth and Dallas road, near the bridge where you went to-day. Citizens report that the enemy's lines run from Big Shanty, on the railroad, six miles below Acworth, to Allatoona Church, one mile southwest of this point. I will push on in the morning until I know. The negro has gone some place in the camp and I cannot find him to-night; I will do so in the morning. He is with one of the regiments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Brown's Mill, Ga., June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send two regiments of your division to scour the country between Burnt Hickory and the Etowah River and drive off the rebel cavalry now infesting that region, and thus afford greater protection to our trains and couriers. Let this be done as speedily as possible.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, June 3, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Continue until further orders to work to the east around the flank of the enemy unless you can force it without too heavy loss. General Hooker is in close support, and Thomas will keep up the connection.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

