
I will continue to occupy Allatoona, and put all of Blair's corps, when it arrives,on the line from Allatoona to Marietta. I have also ordered Thomas to send a brigade to Allatoona Creek, about five miles to the north of your present position, where is represented a good bridge and ford.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, June 3, 1864-6.45 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the works occupied to-day the enemy in front of Hascall's division and the cross-roads in front - that is, Hascall has advanced to the Acworth road. I have ordered him to connect with Hovey, and Cox will conform his line to Hascall's. This, I think, is all that can be done to-night.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864-4.40 a.m.

[General SCHOFIELD:]

GENERAL: My headquarters have been just in rear of my second line, at the center, during the night. It has been comparatively quiet, there being but little skirmishing along the front. Although I do not altogether like the position of our first line, the second, in rear of the brook, with breast-works, is quite strong. My chief anxiety has been in regard to our connection with Hovey, there being a gap of nearly 200 his left regiment is somewhat separated from his others; that would appear our weak point. No ammunition came up last night. To reach of our second line and Twentieth Corps are passed, then turn to the right along the front till the opening between the One hundred and fourth Ohio and Sixty-fifth Indiana is reached, then I have a path cut direct to this point a few rods.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, June 3, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I received your note in the night, and am not astonished you could not hear the sounds in the midst of the storm yesterday. Schofield felt forward from the position "Burned Church," steering due east, and found cavalry dismounted all through the woods. He advanced till about dark, when he encountered the infantry and artillery posted behind finished breast-works. To-day I will still work by

