
the left and get to the railroad without weakening my line too much. All I ask is that when we do come in contact with the enemy on anything like fair terms and supporting we whip them more fully.

I now hold Allatoona, and shall in to work across to the railroad as far east and south as I can without two heavy a loss. If you do hear sounds of battle you will know that naturally Johnston will draw from his left (to your front) on the theory that we are there on the defensive. Therefore, when you do hear sounds of battle hold the enemy there, or take advantage of his weakening that flank. In my judgment the point that affords you most advantages and cover is about where Butterfield's center was, where a small stream comes from the east and crosses our line near where a cabin stood, and from which there is an old field with dead timber to the front. If we can carry a single point and hold it thereabouts we gain advantage. Dodge should intrench the main part of his command at the two points designated, but patrols and skirmishers should till the woods to the south, especially where Jeff. C. Davis was in front of that hill. You should give great attention to the browsing of all animals when there is a leisure moment, and empty wagons and caissons should be sent for growing wheat, barley, oats, or rye, as well as grass or such bushes as horses and mules eat. I may send a brigade of Thomas' up toward Allatoona, but I want Blair to march up and through that pass and on as far as he can. In the mean time I will it with cavalry. Should any specific attack be required of you I will send special orders, but in their absence act promptly and with confidence on these general principles. Keep at all times your pioneers and details opening and improving roads from your rear up toward Allatoona and Burnt Hickory.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Dallas, June 3, 1864.

General McPHERSON,Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: In extending our left so as to embrace the eastern Acworth road, which lies beyond Allatoona Creek, we have weakened this end of the line, and I have ordered General Thomas to draw General Newton's or General Stanley's division to his left flank; this will leave the line on your left without reserve. You can call up such part of General Dodge's command as you think can be spared, and be prepared to support the troops on your immediate left. Study the roads leading up to Allatoona Creek to the rear of General Thomas' troops, as on the first authentic notice of General Blair I will probably shift to that flank.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR NEW HOPE CHURCH, GA., June 3, 1864.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

Please send me a sketch of Brigadier-General Veatch's position and its relative position with General Sweeny's. Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit

