
Smith has found a good place for the trains, up northeast from your position, where a comparatively small guard can over them. General Veatch's division will therefore remain for the present in the vicinity of Owen's Mill, with the exception of two regiments to guard train and intrench his position. General Sweeny will also intrench his position strongly,and you will keep patrols and pickets well out on the roads toward Dallas, and especially on the roads and through the woods in the direction of the position occupied by Brigadier General J. C. Davis' division while we were at Dallas. Keep me advised fully of everything you may learn of importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Dallas, Ga., June 3, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON,Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

I send herewith a sketch* of the new position. This p.m. I will have a topographical map of our entire line and all the country near it from actual survey. You will perceive, from the new position of Veatch, that he covers the same ground on a much shorter line, and covers the train in as now parked. He is also in a position to re-enforce any part of the army in a very short time. I have been this morning from Veatch's right to Logan's right, and it is about as marked in the sketch. I will order his regiments sent when the train moves. My pickets are a mile in front. The enemy have a skirmish line of cavalry on my entire front, as near as I can learn.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Dallas, Ga., June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,Commanding Fourth Division:

As soon as you get your troops in new position move you skirmish line around with General Sweeny's, relieving the First Alabama Cavalry and Ninth Illinois. Push your skirmish line well to the front. We should have from three-quarters to one mile in advance of our main line, and well supported. This will enable us to cover the same ground as before the move. So far as I could judge this morning there is nothing but cavalry in our front.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR CHATTOOGA CREEK, June 3, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON:

I have the honor to inform you that my command reached this point to-night, after rapid and severe marches. I expect to reach Rome, thirty

---------------

*To appear in Atlas if found.

---------------

