
miles distant, day after to-morrow. I will be in readiness to move forward at once from there if necessary, although I would like to recruit my men and animals several days if possible. Colonel Long had two fight with Roddey, whipping him handsomely each time. My column has not been molested at all. The strength of this command will not vary materially from the figures I sent you from Huntsville. I have but four cases of serious sickness.

F. P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In Camp near Chattooga Creek, June 3, 1864.

General W. Q. GRESHAM,Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you a copy of marching orders for to-morrow.* In consequence of the position of the two divisions the Third will again take the advance. The major-general commanding desires you to commence crossing your trains as early as possible, having them parked in the field on this bank, which has been left vacant for that purpose. It is thought you may be able to get your command across in time to take your position in the column. You will, of courses, have the advance the two following days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALLATOONA, GA., June 3, 1864.

(Received Kingston, Ga., 4th.)

Lieutenant R. H. HUMPHREY,

Acting Quartermaster, Cavalry Command:

General Sherman directs that forage for the horses and rations for the men (2,000 of each) belonging to this command be sent by rail, if possible, or if not by rail by teams at once, to Etowah brigade; also that the railroad be completed up to this point at once, and the same with the telegraph. You will advise Colonel Wright, or the superintendent of the military railroad, and the superintendent of the U. S.military telegraph,and the officer in charge of the railroad transportation of the wishes to notify them of his wishes of General Sherman, and say to them that I am directed by him to notify them of his wishes. My men and horses are entirely without anything to eat. The railroad and telegraph wire are both complete as far as Acworth, except the Etowah railroad bridge, and the country in our rear is entirely clear of the enemy. General Sherman directs that every effort shall be made to complete the railroad up to this point at the very earliest possible period.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

P. S.-Send dispatch in my name to Colonel Wright and get a telegraph operator to come here at once.

---------------

*See Special Orders, No. 135, p.400.

---------------

