
I hope the enemy will fight at Dalton, in which case he can have no force there that can interfere with you. But, should his policy be to fall back along his railroad, you will hit him in flank. Do not fail in that event to make the most of the opportunity by the most vigorous attack possible, as it may save us what we have most reason to apprehend - a slow pursuit, in which he gains strength as we lose it. In either event you may be sure the forces north of you will prevent his turning on you alone. In the event of hearing the sound of heavy battle about Dalton, the greater necessity for your rapid movement on the railroad. It once broken to an extent that would take them days to repair, you can withdraw to Snake [Creek] Gap and come to us or await the development according to your judgment or information you may received. I want to put this plan in operation, beginning with Saturday morning if possible. The sooner the better for us.

I am, with great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ringgold, Ga., May 5, 1864-7.30 p. m.

General McPHERSON,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Am here. Thomas has advanced his lines three miles. I want you all up at Gordon's Mills by to-morrow night. Don't leave Chattanooga till I give you full orders. Plans remain unchanged and appear to me the best possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, May 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Ringgold, Ga.:

Dispatch received. Dodge's command, I presume, is well down toward Gordon's Mills to-night. I have not heard from him yet. Harrow's division is encamped near Rossville. Morgan L. Smith is in Lookout Valley, and Osterhaus just behind him.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cairo, Ill., May 5, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived at this place on the 3rd and assumed command of this corps on the 4th instant, as you will see by the inclosed order.* Upon my arrival I found that a detachment of the corps, consisting of eight regiments and one battery, numbering in the aggregate 4,709 men, under Brigadier-General Gresham, had gone up the Tennessee River to Clifton. Another detachment of eight regiments and one battery, numbering in the aggregate 4,118 men, under Brigadier General M. F. Force, was embarking to

---------------

*See p. 33.

---------------

