HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,New Pickett's Mill, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My headquarters to-night will be in the immediate vicinity of Golgotha. I have given directions to General Williams as soon as relieved to move and encamp his division in that vicinity. With regard to General Geary's division, unless the position of General Schofield's command has been changed since last night, the position he occupies is covered by the Twenty-third Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the corps desires to be informed whether or not anything new has transpired in your front since yesterday of the enemy's position or intentions. It is understood that your division will be relieved, possibly to-day; if so, the general directs that you march your command to the front on Allatoona Creek, to the point where General Butterfield's division now is near the Acworth road, following with the troops the same route taken by the Third Division. The trains had better come this way, via the burnt Church. If you will inform these headquarters as soon as your relief arrives, I will send you guides to conduct both your troops and trains, if you need them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Pickett's Mill, June 4, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have to report, for the information of the major-general commanding the corps, that I have ridden ever since I left him and can find no general officer (division or brigade) of General davis' command with his troops, and I have tried to find General Thomas, and cannot get relieved. I will move as soon as troops can be found to relieve me.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-I have just seen General Palmer, and he states that he has positive orders to relieve General Ruger's brigade only. What shall I do in the premises?

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

