HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my Third Brigade arrived at the bridge over Allatoona Creek at 8 p.m. yesterday. The command is in position at the bridge and ford. They encountered no opposition, and the commanding officer says no enemy in the vicinity. He reports the roads as good. The bridge needs considerable repairs, but the timber being there it will be fixed up rapidly.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, June 4, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

I have the honor to inform you that part of my forces were in Acworth this morning, and drove a small party of fifteen rebels from the town. They could not ascertain the precise location of their picket post, supposed to be a strong one about two miles from the town. Their main cavalry force is at Big Shanty. I respectfully ask permission to move my command to Acworth to-morrow, as I can command this country as well from there as from my present position. I also ask permission to attack General Williams in the morning at Big Shanty.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

ADAIRSVILLE, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

One of my scouting parties came in last night with 11 prisoners, quite a number of horses and mules, and arms, and 3 rebel wagons. No disturbance along the railroad. The part of Wheeler's force that started up went back immediately after crossing the river.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 4, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I move my headquarters this morning to a point in front of the Burnt Church, on the road from Burnt Hickory to Marietta, about one mile due east of the Burnt Church. Reconnoiter well the roads leading from the Dallas road by which you entered the Owen's Mill road, up to the Burnt Church, and have all the bad places double-bridged, so that you can move promptly to that point-the Burnt Church. I think you have your trains now on that road. The proba-

