
Indiana Cavalry went into Acworth yesterday morning and found a small party of the enemy's cavalry, which fled on their approach. I hope to have some rations for the men and corn for the horses at Carter's Station to-day. I have sent the poorest horses over there to meet the forage. We are in communication with a portion of General Hooker's infantry on your left and rear.

I should have written you yesterday evening had the party sent you in the morning returned in time to let me know the state of things on the road. The party started out at daylight yesterday morning, but was driven back with the loss of 1 man. It was then sent by another road. I have sent for our pack train to come up to-day, and hope it will get through safe. I repeated yesterday your instructions in regard to the railroad and telegraph. I think you could send a message to-day from Acworth to Washington; certainly from this point with a few hours spent in replacing on poles the wire.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

General McPherson directs that one regiment be placed to hold the cross-roads near Matthews' house, west of Owen's Bridge. The pickets on the left of the regiment should connect with Sprague. Have the regiment sent immediately, and intrench itself in as safe and defensible a position as possible.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH:

I have heard nothing from my front since yesterday morning. At that time I am sure there was nobody near the front, except Roddey. I think he was waiting for his command to collect together before he made any demonstrations. I find it impossible to get a serviceable scout. Can you not get me one immediately. I have been obliged to send my cavalry all over the river to patrol from Limestone Creek to Brown's Ferry, and have nothing to use for patrols in my front.

J. H. HOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 17. In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., June 4, 1864.

The attention of the general commanding has been called to certain facts which had already attracted his own attention, and concerning which he orders-

I. In case of skirmish or battle the wounded must be brought off the field by musicians or non-combatants, distinguished by a badge of white

