
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, on Little Allatoona Creek, Ga., Numbers 18. June 4, 1864.

I. To-morrow, June 5, unless the enemy display more force and activity than now, Major-General McPherson will send his wagons to Burnt Church, on the Allatoona road, by a road to the rear of Major-General Thomas' road, and move with his command by both roads to a point north of and near Burnt Church, ready the next day to move to Acworth, leaving his wagons behind Allatoona Creek.

II. Major-General Thomas will refuse his right behind the creek on which Brown's Mill is located, and will prepare to move across Allatoona Creek to a point of the railroad in front of Acworth, say Big Shanty.

III. Major-General Schofield will strengthen his position and so dispose of his wagons as to follow Major-General Thomas, and with his troops cover his movements and occupy the point on Allatoona Creek north and east of his present position.

IV. Allatoona will be the point of supply as soon as the railroad bridge can be completed, and, in the mean time, all trains and detachments at Kingston or Burnt Hickory will be directed to Allatoona, to which end Major-General Thomas will send his pontoons there, to be laid down until the pier and railroad bridge can be completed, and, in the mean time, all trains and detachments at Kingston or Burnt Hickory will be directed to Allatoona, to which end Major-General Thomas will send his pontoons there, to be laid down until the pier and railroad can be rebuilt.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Brown's Mills Creek, Ga., Numbers 152. June 4, 1864.* * * * * *

VII. The major-general commanding the department having, by recent act of Congress, been authorized to raise an engineer regiment from the volunteer forces in the Army of the Cumberland that have served or are serving as pioneers, pontoniers, or engineers, the duty of recruiting and organizing such regiments is assigned to Captain William E. Merrill, U. S. Engineers, chief engineer Department of the Cumberland, who will proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., and enter upon this duty.

Captain Merrill will select the officers of the regiment from such as have passed a satisfactory examination before the board convened in Chattanooga for the examination of candidates for commissions in this regiment.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 17. In the Field, June 4, 1864.* * * * *

II. The following-named regiments will constitute the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps: First Tennessee Infantry,

