
Fifth Tennessee Infantry, Eleventh Kentucky Infantry, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry. The commanding officers of the regiments will report at once to the commanding officer of the division to which they are assigned.

III. Brigadier General N. C. McLean is hereby relieved from command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

IV. The following-named regiments will constitute the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps: Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry. The commanding officers of the regiments will report without delay to the commanding officer of the division to which they are assigned.

V. The Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, having returned from veteran furlough, will at once rejoin the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

VI. The Ninety-first Indiana Infantry is hereby assigned to the First Infantry are hereby transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 136. In the Field, June 4, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow morning as follows, viz:

The Fourth Division will take the advance, moving promptly at 5 o'clock. The Third Division, General Leggett, will follow the Fourth closely, being held in readiness to move at 7 o'clock.

By command of Major-General Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALLATOONA CREEK, GA., June 5, 1864-3.30 p.m.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy discovering us creeping round his right flank, abandoned his position and marched off last night. We captured about 30 of their pickets at daylight. General McPherson is moving to-day for Acworth, General Thomas on the direct Marietta road, and General Schofield on his right. It has been raining hard for three days, and the roads are very heavy. The construction party is at work on the Etowah bridge, and should repair it in five days, when I will move on to Marietta. I expect the enemy to fight us at Kenesaw Mountain, near Marietta, but I will not run head on his fortifications. An examination of his abandoned lines here shows an immense line of works, all of which I have turned with less loss to ourselves than we have inflicted

