
go to the same point. This detachment left yesterday. By order of Major-General Sherman, General Gresham was directed to send a brigade of his command rapidly to Decatur. He has since been ordered to move his command to Huntsville, via Pulaski and Prospect, and General Force has been instructed to follow him with all dispatch. There remains in this place about 3,000 men, which number will be increased 1,200 or 1,500 by the arrival of several regiments of Ohio Volunteers, whose furloughs have just expired, and whose arrival may be daily expected. All preparations for the movements of these troops are complete, or nearly so, and as soon as these regiments arrive I will move with this last detachment to Florence, Ala., from which place I will march by the most direct practicable route to join you at Huntsville. The substance of the above has been communicated to you by telegraph to-day. The troops of this command are all completely armed, equipped, and clothed, as I am informed by the officers in command. Your dispatch of this date has just reached me. Previous to its receipt I had requested Captain Pennock, the commanding officer of the naval forces in this vicinity, to furnish me with a sufficient convoy. I have as yet had no reply from him, but have no doubt my request will be complied with. I would call your attention to the fact that a number of the regiments belonging to this corps have become divided, a part of them remaining at Vicksburg and the Red River country, whilst the veteran position are with the corps. As this must seriously diminish the efficiency of these troops I would most respectfully request that, if practicable, they be united at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Chattanooga, Tenn., May 5, 1864.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE:

We are about to enter upon one of the most important campaigns of the war, and to measure our strength on the battle-field against a large and well commanded foe. To men like yourselves, who have shown their valor and patriotism on many a hard-fought field, no words of encouragement are necessary. Your past record is a glorious one; let not the future be sullied by a single act which will reflect discredit upon the character of an American soldier. Better a thousand times to fall on the battle-field, with our glorious old flag wrapped around you, than to leave it and your comrades in the face of the enemy. Stand firmly by your posts. Let not the storm of battle nor the vigorous onset of the enemy shake your faith in the righteousness of our cause, and the conviction of our ultimate success. Falter not for one moment; keep cool; check the first advance of the enemy, should he move against you with all the impetuosity of reckless daring, and the day will surely be ours. Remember that notwithstanding the contest may be severe, strong arms and brave hearts are near by to support you, and that the successful issue of the battle may depend on your individual bravery, and the stubbornness with which you hold your position. Be careful of your ammunition. Reserve your fire until the enemy is in sight and within effective range, then deliver it with deadly force, taking care to keep cool, and aim low. It is not the rapid, continuous roll of mus-

