
ble your command, with one corps on the road toward Acworth, distant only four miles due north, and the others forward toward Marietta and Sandtown as far as will bring your pickets to the enemy. I am unable yet to say whether Johnston will select a field in front of Marietta or at the Chattahoochee. I want to feel the base of Kenesaw as soon as possible, but will not assume determined action until General Blair is up and the enemy has selected his new point.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE,Allatoona, June 5, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just reached here with my train. Shall let my mules rest one hour and push on to Etowah to-night. The road is excellent, with the exception of one or two places, which the detachment I left building a bridge will fix as it comes along. I expect to have one bridge down by daylight to-morrow morning. If I had forage I could have done better; but as it is, I have done my best.

In haste, yours, respectfully,

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 5, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report to you that the enemy have evacuated their first and second line of works in my front, leaving a thin line of skirmishers, which appear to be dismounted cavalry, in their third line. A rebel deserter reports that they have fallen back across the Chattahoochee River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Fullerton,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have advanced my skirmishers about one mile, finding no enemy excepting stragglers. General McPherson is leaving and going to the extreme left. Please inform me what I am to do. I have ordered my command to discharge their field pieces at 11 a.m.

I am, &c.,

J. NEWTON,

Brigadier-General.

