
directs that you detail one brigade to go up on the Allatoona road to the forks of the Acworth road and along it to Allatoona Creek, where there is represented to be a good bridge and ford, to guard and hold that point. A section of artillery from the Eighteenth Indiana Battery has been detailed to accompany the brigade, and now awaits the order of the commander thereof at the Burnt Church cross-roads. The dismounted men of McCook's division of cavalry, who are now absent with supply train sent to Kingston, will be ordered to the same point upon their return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the portion of my command at Allatoona Creek will have the bridge at that point finished to-day and the ford much improved in its approaches by grading. The officer commanding communicated yesterday morning with our forces at Allatoona, and also sent a few scouts into Acworth. Just after passing through the town they report encountering about fifty rebel cavalry, who deployed into line and prepared to receive an attack. One prisoner was taken in Acworth-Private Clayton Holt, of Company H, Thirty-ninth Georgia. Very little forage was procurable, that section having been well foraged by the cavalry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I send herewith P. C. Pullan, a citizen who came in our lines this a.m. He lay between the cavalry skirmishers yesterday. He reports a piece of hearsay information that seems very probable-that is, that Cleburne's and Stewart's divisions of infantry had moved from the enemy's former right to about Big Shanty Station, or in that direction, to cover the railroad. This is what I gather from his description. Mrs. Hones, of the house where I am, came in this morning, she says, from her mother's, about one mile and a quarter in front of McLean's house. No road but through the plantation. She wants to go back on account of a young baby; says our cavalry pickets are there, and desires to go back. I do not fancy letting her go. Shall I do it? The scouting party sent out last night report nothing on the ridge in front (east) of McLean's house. The belt of timber extends about a mile then an open country; good for camps. Off to the right, on a high position which the enemy held, he approached to within 400 yards of the enemy's strong line of skirmishers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

