
all the way to the Chattahoochee and defend that line with all his ability. Make your preparations and dispositions accordingly. This hard rain is unfortunate, but it is beyond our control.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Allatoona Creek, June 5, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The fact that the enemy has abandoned your front makes it more imperative to get to our railroad as much in front of Acworth as possible. You will, therefore, in spite of the rain and bad roads, make the move indicated in orders of yesterday, If you could get a division to-day without wagons or artillery up to the bridge across Allatoona Creek near Acworth, where Thomas has a brigade, it would be advisable. This prolonged rain is unfortunate, but cannot be helped.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

DECATUR, June 5, 1864.

General J. E. SMITH:

A refugee just in reports that a considerable force of Roddey's command camped last night on Flint Creek, seven miles from here on Somerville road, but about sundown a courier came in and the whole force left suddenly, but he did not know which day. I have sent out to try and ascertain the direction they took. I ought to know by midnight to-night. If you will keep your telegraph office open I will send you the result. A contraband just in from Courtland road reports Roddey there on the 4th instant with the addition of Forrest and Morgan, and that they were to attack this place to-morrow morning. Can you help me to any scouts?

J. H. HOWE,

Colonel.

DECATUR, June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

More refugees have just come in on the Danville road. A rebel lieutenant told them Roddey's command was going across the river and take this place in the rear. I am confident they intend to try crossing very soon. Well's keep office open here and send you anything that comes in.

J. H. HOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

