
VI. Department headquarters will be somewhere in the vicinity of Maloney's. The large train sent to Kingston left that place to-day for Acworth via Euharlee and Stilesborough.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 30. Near New Hope Church, June 5, 1864.

I. In accordance with instructions from Major-General Sherman, the following movements will take place to-day, march to commence as soon as practicable:

1. Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move to the vicinity of Burnt Church, and one division, if possible, without wagons or artillery will be pushed forward to the bridge across Allatoona Creek, near Acworth, where Major-General Thomas has a brigade. Two division of the Fifteenth Army Corps will march by the main road which runs substantially parallel to the enemy's line; the other division will march by a road which runs in rear, guided by Captain C. B. Reese.

2. Brigadier-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will move his command to vicinity of Burnt Church, Brigadier-General Sweeny's division, and Brigadier-General Fuller's brigade, of Veatch's division, following the rear road taken by one division of the Fifteenth Army Corps. The other brigade of General Veatch's division will follow the road taken by the wagon train and act as a rear guard.

3. The trains will be pushed ahead as fast as possible to Burnt Church, under the direction of Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster, and all the sick and wounded will be moved to same point under general supervision of Surgeon Moore, medical director.

4. Headquarters will be to-night in the vicinity of Burnt Church.

* * * * *

III. The command will move to Acworth to-morrow, Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, having the advance, marching at 6 a.m. Brigadier-General Dodge will follow, keeping one brigade in rear of the trains as guard.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near New Hope Church, Ga., Numbers 22. June 5, 1864.

I. In accordance with instructions this command will move to the vicinity of Burnt Church, the movement to take place at once.

First. Brigadier General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding First Division, will move out on the main road which runs substantially parallel to the enemy's lines, and will be closely followed by the command of Brigadier General William Harrow.

Second. Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding Second Division, will move his command forward on a road which will be indicated by Captain C. B. Reese, engineer officer.

