
Third. The trains will be pushed ahead as fast as possible to Burnt Church, under direction of Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster Fifteenth Corps, and all the sick and wounded will be moved to some point under general supervision of Surgeon Moore, medical director of the department.

II. The command will move forward to Acworth to-morrow at 6 a.m. Brigadier-General Osterhaus will have the advance and will be followed by the divisions of Brigadier General M. L. Smith and Brigadier General William Harrow, respectively.

III. Fifteen wagons of ordnance will follow each division. Headquarters wagons of division and brigades may follow respective divisions. The remaining wagons of the command will be moved under the direction of Lieutenant Colonel J Condit Smith, chief quartermaster Fifteenth Corps.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Near Dallas, Ga., June 5, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will move to-day as follows:

First Brigadier-General Sweeny, commanding Second Division, will follow the division of the Fifteenth Army Corps that takes the new-cut road leading to Acworth.

Second. Brigadier-General Fuller's brigade, of Fourth Division, will follow General Sweeny's division.

Third. Colonel Sprague's brigade, of the Fourth Division, will take the road the train has moved out on, and act as rear guard to the trains. He will move at same time as Second Division moves.

Fourth. Ninth Illinois will move in rear of Fuller's brigade.

Fifth. First Alabama Cavalry will move with trains. Destination of all troops is at or near Burnt Church, on the Acworth or Allatoona road, near Burnt Church cross-roads.

II. This command will move on the road to Acworth to-morrow, Brigadier-General Veatch taking the advance and following closely the Fifteenth Corps, which moves at 6 a.m.

General Sweeny will follow, keeping one brigade in the rear of the trains of both corps as a rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 137. Rome, Ga., June 5, 1864.* * * * *

II. This command will move to-morrow, as follows, viz: The cavalry brigade (Colonel Long) will take the advance, moving toward Kingston at 7 o'clock precisely. The Fourth Division (General Gresham) will follow the cavalry, moving at 7 o'clock. The Third Division General Leggett, will follow the Fourth Division, moving at 9 a.m.

27 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

