
III. A train will leave this place at 10 a.m. for the purpose of transporting all the sick and sore-footed men and prisoners of war, who will be placed under guard of a suitable detail of the convalescents.

IV. Trains will be loaded to their utmost capacity with forage in time to move with their respective divisions.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ACWORTH, GA., June 6, 1864-12 m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I am now on the railroad at Acworth Station, and have full possession forward to within six miles of Marietta. All well. Telegraph me all items of news to date. Has the movement on Mobile been ordered? Canby telegraphs me that he can spare General A. J. Smith. All I ask is the co-operation of Farragut's fleet.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 6, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Acworth, Ga.:

Operations on Mobile has been suggested to General Canby. A. J. Smith has been sent to Memphis to break up Forrest's operations on your line of supplies. I fear that Steele has allowed guerrilla bands to go north to Missouri, which may give us serious trouble. Hundred days' men have been thrown into Tennessee, so that you can draw in all the men you require. Grant has as much as he can attend to on the Chickahominy. I am doing all I can to re-enforce and supply him. All right so far. Draw to yourself all you require. We will do all we can to cover your rear.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Acworth, June 6, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

We have turned Allatoona Pass and reached the railroad at this point seven miles east of Allatoona Pass, and have full possession of all roads seven miles farther east to within six miles of Marietta. Johnston tried to head us off at Dallas but did not succeed. In all encounters we had the advantage. All is working well. You may give this publicity.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

