HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Allatoona Creek, June 6, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Captain Poe brought me late in the evening a sketch made by Colonel Asmussen, copy of which he says you have. This sketch clearly marks the strategic point in our advance. The place marked "Court-House" must be the Golgotha of our map. I wish you to put your center anywhere between the Court-House and Mrs. Hall's, with your wings up the road toward Doctor Elliott's and Big Shanty Hotel, and toward the Hardshell Church. Have a small picket at Peter's, the White House, and General McPherson will connect with you there and about Doctor Elliott's. Should the enemy be in force about Doctor Elliott's, we must strengthen the connection by the road by J. McLean's, White House, Durham, Davenport, Chastine, &amp;c. I will go myself to-day to Acworth and have the telegraph opened there and give all orders for making Allatoona a strong fortified depot, with a place of issue at Acworth. I think in three days we shall be all ready to go to Marietta. I will have the main force of General McPherson on Proctor's Creek, about Fitzgerald's and W. J. Philips', with pickets and patrols forward to Doctor Elliott's.

I think General Schofield had better stay where he is until you get in a better position, when we can place him about the Hardshell Church, or Williams', according to the developments of the enemy. He will be instructed to come at your call or on the sound of battle. Be careful to shift everything on our back track across to the Allatoona road. I want to spare our cavalry as much as possible to get ready for the move on Opelika, if Johnston's has gone beyond Chattahoochee.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Have you relieved General John E. Smith's command? Telegraph me to-day the present disposition of your troops, in cipher. We have successfully turned Allatoona Pass and are now in full possession of the rail and other roads to within six miles of Marietta. Johnston tried to stop me near Dallas, but I got around his flank and he quit. I then moved to the left and got on the main roads.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I will have all of General Granger's brigade relieved day after to-morrow. One regiment is now on the river, another will be to-morrow picketing between Decatur and Bridgeport, another is marching. The delay has been caused by the Indiana 100-days' regiments having been stopped and posted in Kentucky. The road from here to Bridgeport is

