
ketry, delivered in a hasty manner, which shakes an enemy, checks his advance, and drives him from the field, but the assurance with which it is given. Should the enemy advance against you in line of battle with charged bayonets, do not wait quietly and receive the charge, but fix do not leave the ranks to take them to the rear; an ample corps of men with stretchers and ambulances will follow close behind you to pick up the wounded, and the surest way of having them properly taken care of is to press forward and gain the victory; then we will have time and means to give all necessary attention to them. Many a regiment on the battle-field has been sadly reduced in numbers at the critical moment by men leaving ranks to take wounded to the rear. Obey cheerfully and promptly the orders of your officers, and rely implicitly upon their judgment and discretion.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 6, 1864-10.10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Ringgold, Ga.:

No information from General Grant since the 4th, when he had safely crossed the Rapidan.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, Ringgold, Ga.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say to you that he has sent Major McCoy, aide-de-camp, to General Schofield, with instructions similar in general design to those given you under date of last night, and also has sent Captain Audenried to General McPherson at Gordon's Mills with like general instructions, and that he wants you to move with your force against the enemy upon Tunnel Hill at sunrise on the 7th (to-morrow morning). He will accompany you during the operations.

Respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, Ringgold, Ga.:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief directs me to say that he has received full and satisfactory replies from General McPherson and General Schofield in answer to his letters of instructions given this day and last night, and given substantially to you verbally and otherwise

