HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Church near Maloney's, June 6, 1864-3 p.m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of 1.30 p.m. to-day has been received. In reply the major-general commanding directs me to express his regret that the instructions furnished you were so imperfect and the map so incorrect. The map was made from information which was supposed to the reliable and which you will find upon examination corresponds very well with that furnished by your assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant-Colonel Asmussen. The instructions were based upon the orders of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi and the map. Major-General Sherman has already given orders that General Schofield's pickets shall connect with yours on your right.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 6, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: Mr. Jackson informs me that by the measurement of lots and land, it is just a mile from Mount Olive Church to Mrs. Hall's, and one-quarter of a mile from the church to Sandtown road. This would make my line one mile and a quarter in length, a sufficient length for a whole corps. I doubt whether my troops will reach the distance. They are not yet in position, save Coburn's brigade, which is hard at work on the left of the Sandtown road. I will make the best effort I can to cover the whole. I put in my light 12s on the left of the Sandtown road, principally to lengthen my line, or, rather, shorten the line for the troops. The rifle guns I expect to put somewhere on the line toward the Marietta road. If Geray could put a brigade across the Marietta road, or one-half of a brigade near Mrs. Hall's, it would help.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 6, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: In reply to your note directing me to occupy as directed until General Geary's brigade comes up, I have to report that it is an impossibility. My lines are all drawn out, and will not fill the distance from General Williams' left on Sandtown road around to the Marietta road. Will the commanding general please indicate which portion I shall abandon, as some of it cannot be held by my men, as shown, unless I reduce to single ranks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

