HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 6, 1864-4.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding does not seem to understand, judging from your last note, that every armed man I have is in line. I had directed twenty-five paces interval to be left between each regiment, and still my troops will not cover the whole line. I respectfully request that the major-general commanding will designate the portions of the line considered unimportant. I have no knowledge upon which to base such judgment. The major-general commanding rode over the line and understands its general direction. Should I abandon any of the front toward Marietta, the flank of General Williams would be exposed; should I abandon any of the front toward the south, my own flank would be exposed. I have no knowledge of the enemy's position or camps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Colonel E. W. RICE,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will remain at the bridge across Allatoona Creek on the road our troops have just passed over until further orders. Dispose of your regiments and battery in such a manner as to best guard the bridge, roads, &amp;c. Keep pickets well out to your front and on flanks, and communicate with these headquarters whenever you may have information of importance. See that your command is well supplied with rations, and send your quartermaster forward to see about getting regimental teams, or may stop your regimental teams with your command if they have not already passed. See that your camp is well policed; had better take position on this side of creek, then, in case you are attacked by an overwhelming force, the bridge can be destroyed.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general, commanding:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, June 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Commanding, &c.:

I arrived to-day at this place, and march to-morrow morning as directed. Shall Long's cavalry accompany me or move forward to join his division?

F. P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION,Camp on Allatoona Creek, June 6, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: General McPherson will to-day be at Acworth and take post on Proctor's Creek, some two miles in advance on the Marietta

