HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Kingston, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps:

SIR: I am directed by General Sherman to cross the Etowah, four miles southeast of Kingston, by the Free Bridge, and then to Allatoona by Euharlee and Stilesborough. Please to let me know, if convenient, by the bearer, what route the corps will move on and the hour at which you start, so that I can make my arrangements accordingly. Also please forward to these headquarters a list of countersign, commencing with the 6th, and oblige.

Very respectfully,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Colonel LONG:

The general commanding directs me to say that the corps will move by the same route as indicated in your communication just received. A copy of the marching orders will be sent to you as soon as made out. There is no countersign to-night; countersign for the next five days will be sent you as soon as prepared.

By command of Major-General Blair:

JAMES F. HOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM,

Commanding Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: A dispatch has been received from General Sherman, which orders me to leave one regiment at Etowah bridge to relieve the cavalry which has been holding that place, and to leave the remainder of the brigade from which this regiment is detailed to hold the mountain pass in front of Allatoona. The major-general commanding therefore directs that you detail a brigade from your division for this purpose. They will be furnished with intrenching tools and will be instructed in the positions which they will be expected to fortify by Colonel Malmborg, chief engineer of this corps. Arrangements will be made so that they can fall out of the column at the two points designated, with their wagons, &amp;c., without delaying the column. It will not be necessary for the regiments to have more than five days' rations, as they can be daily supplied from this post.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Kingston, Ga., June 6, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Cumberland:

All the forces at this post have been directed to the front as indicated in your dispatch. Nine hundred infantry are on duty here

