
to defend the post, to unship and reload all stores, of which a large amount has accumulated. The post command is about exhausted with fatigue on fortifications, picket, and duties of post. May a relief for fatigue be asked? As a force of cavalry, under Wheeler, is reported by citizens as having crossed Etowah River on the 4th, the large amount of stores, and open, defenseless position of this post is respectfully referred to. We have no serviceable cavalry.

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Vol. Infty., Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Colonel HAMBRIGHT,

Commanding Kingston:

You will cause all stores arriving at Kingston to come forward and unload at the Etowah, and you may also send to the same point all stores on hand. Wheeler is not near the Etowah, but I will instruct General Thomas to relieve your command and bring you to the front where the labor may not be so great. A good block-house and a regiment will suffice at Kingston.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Admiral PORTER, U. S. Navy,

Cairo:

Congratulate you on your safe escape from that awkward dilemma above the rapids of Red River.

I have driven Johnston from Dalton, Resaca, and the Etowah, and have just reached the railroad, seven miles east of the famous Allatoona Pass. In all encounters I feel satisfied we had the advantage. I have a large force building the Etowah bridge behind me, when I will have railroad and telegraph communication with the world. My army is strong, in fine heart, and well supplied. I will push on for Marietta and the Chattahoochee without waiting for the bridge to my rear.

I would like you to watch the river well about the mouth of Red to prevent any of Kirby Smith's army getting east. I have a force out from Memphis bound for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and want General A. J. Smith, with 10,000 men, to co-operate with Admiral Farragut against Mobile.

I know that Johnston, on the supposition that the gun-boats and General Banks' command could not escape Red River, has called to him everything from Mobile. I don't think there are 2,000 armed men in that city, and the garrisons of Forts Morgan and Gaines must be down to the lowest standard. I should like to hear from you.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[JUNE 6, 1864.-For Porter to Sherman, in reply to dispatch next preceding, see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 240.]

