
DECATUR, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

A scout just in reports that Roddey had left the Courtland road two days ago and was at Moulton with the principal part of his command and Forrest has not been at all and is not near here now. Have you any information about this command being relieved? I am anxious to know what is to be done, before I send for quartermaster stores to Nashville.

J. H. HOWE,

Colonel.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 20. In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Major-General Blair's command is at Kingston and a good pontoon bridge is laid over Etowah River at the railroad crossing. The general commanding believes the enemy has gone across Chattahoochee River, though all must be prepared for battle at or near Kenesaw Mountain. The following dispositions will be completed and the army ready to move on lines to be hereafter designated by Thursday morning, June 9, at 6 a.m.:

I. Major-General Thomas will continue to provide a garrison at Kingston, which, however, will cease to be a depot, but all stores will hereafter be kept as near Allatoona as possible until the railroad bridge is done, when Allatoona will be the main depot, Resaca being discontinued. The two road bridges across the Etowah, near Kingston, will be stripped of their planking and be guarded by cavalry. The fords of the Etowah will also be patrolled by cavalry, and Major-General Thomas will keep a small cavalry force at some convenient point to patrol the country south of the Etowah.

II. Major-General McPherson will cause one regiment to guard the railroad bridge now under construction near Allatoona, and the balance of a brigade to hold the mountain pass of Allatoona. Two or more good strong earth redoubts will be located at the eastern extremity of this pass, and must be constructed by the troops; but the commanding officers at Kingston, at the railroad bridge, and at Allatoona will arrest and put to work on these redoubts all soldiers loafing about pretending to seek their regiments and all skulkers or men sent by corps commanders or provost-marshals to work as a penalty. Captain Poe, chief engineer, will lay out the traces of these works and give instructions as to details.

III. On Thursday morning at daylight Major-General Stoneman will be on the right, reporting with all his effective cavalry to Major-General Schofield, and General Garrard will be on the left, reporting with all his effective force to Major-General McPherson. The utmost care must be taken to graze all horses and mules at every chance. The growing wheat, oats, and rye, if used in moderation and frequently, will not injure a mule or horse.

IV. The whole army must be ready to move at daylight Thursday, supplied for ten days, all empty and surplus wagons to be sent back to the neighborhood of Cartersville and Etowah bridge.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

