SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 138. Kingston, Ga., June 6, 1864.* * * * *

X. This command will move to-morrow on the Cartersville road as follows: The Third Division (Brigadier-General Leggett) will take the advance, followed by the trains at 5 a.m. The Fourth Division (Brigadier-General Gresham) will follow the Third, moving at 7 a.m.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ACWORTH, GA., June 7, 1864-6.30 p.m.

(Received 11.30 a.m. 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have been to Allatoona Pass, and I find it admirable for our purposes. It is the gate through the last, or most eastern, spur of the Alleghanies. It now becomes as useful to us as it was to the enemy, being easily defended from either direction. My left (General McPherson) now lies on the railroad in front of Acworth, seven miles southeast of Allatoona; center (General Thomas) three miles south, on main Marietta road; and right (General Schofield) two miles farther, a little refused. The cars now come to the Etowah River and we have sent back to replenish our supplies for a ten-days' move, to commence on Thursday, the 9th instant. Colonel Wright reports it will take him ten days, of which eight yet remain, to have cars come to Acworth. General Blair was at Kingston last night, and will be across the Etowah to-night, and will be up with us to-morrow. We have three pontoon bridges at Etowah. I will leave a brigade in the pass covering the bridge and its eastern debouch, and have sent Captain Poe, U. S. Engineers, to lay out the work. The roads here into Georgia are large and good, and the country more open. The enemy is not in our immediate front, but his signals are seen on Lost Mountain and Kenesaw. I have had the cavalry at Allatoona Pass to get forage, but on the 9th will bring it forward. Colonel Long's brigade is with Blair, and will re-enforce our cavalry by 2,000 horses. I send you by mail to-day copies of my orders up to date, with Atlanta papers of the 5th.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy forwarded by General Halleck to General Grant.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 7, 1864.

Memorandum of operations in my front during the night:

General Williams, on right, reports a few skirmishers at house on his extreme right; also in house on left as occupied yesterday. Very little firing. Considerable chopping in front of right. Drums heard directly in front toward Lost Mountain; also on right front. General Butterfield (center) reports chopping mile in front, cheering, and drums playing in front. Scouted half a mile in front and found no enemy. Prisoner

