
from Nineteenth Tennessee, Cheatham's division, taken this morning, reports his division one mile in front of General Butterfield. Moved from New Hope Church night before last, and commenced throwing up works last evening. General Geary reports no firing in his front.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Sandtown Road, June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that the prisoners sent into me to-day and yesterday indicate the presence of Hardee's corps in front of my right center; that the statement of the last prisoners sent in shows that the enemy commenced yesterday to throw up works, but ceased before the work was finished. This would seem to indicate their intention to move in some direction; if to attack, in my judgment, it would be extremely imprudent to leave a line as long as that held by my division (over a mile) without a single reserve of any kind. My line is strong, and will be held tenaciously from its peculiar situation with regard to the rest of the corps; if broken, it would seem to me to be fatal to the corps and impossible to replace it. I do not anticipate its being broken, or any attack, but it seems to me injudicious that so long a line should be left without a reserve of at least three or four regiments.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, June 7, 1864.

General GARRARD,

Etowah Bridge:

Send a party to the iron-works north of the Etowah and destroy them root and branch. Colonel Long will be up by to-morrow morning. Be all ready for motion by Thursday. Leave your dismounted men and lame animals at the bridge where General Blair will leave a regiment of infantry. I am going to Allatoona this morning. Send me a field return of your force this evening. A redoubt will be built at some point near the bridge, to be selected by Captain Poe, U. S. Engineers, to-day or to-morrow. I suppose a point near the bridge and south of it will fulfill the conditions best.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Morris' Hill Church, Ga., June 7, 1864.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

Commanding Third Division Cavalry, Adairsville, Ga.:

COLONEL: Upon assuming command at Kingston the major-general commanding directs that you cause to be taken up the southern half

