
to-day. Both are in the positions indicated for them, and are fully ready to take the positions assigned for them to-morrow, viz, General McPherson near Ship's Gap, and General Schofield between Catoosa Springs and Varnell's.

I am, general, with much respect, yours, truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Catoosa Springs:

You will move with your corps to-morrow morning (7th instant) at daybreak on Tunnel Hill, by the road from Lee's to Tunnel Hill, co-operating with Major-General Palmer, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps, who will march his corps by the direct road from this place to Tunnel Hill. The object being to drive the enemy from Tunnel Hill should he be there in force, you will move your command so as to take the enemy in flank while Major-General Palmer threatens him in front. Major-General Schofield has been ordered to march on Varnell's Station, with directions to feel toward your left. You will feel toward his right with Colonel E. M. McCook's cavalry, so as to connect with him and cover your left flank. Until we get secure possession of Tunnel Hill you must take with you as few wagons as possible. Those left behind might be moved to the rear through Parker's Gap, and thence to Ringgold, holding the gap with a force sufficiently strong to protect the train. You will report in person at these headquarters at 5 o'clock this p. m.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Catoosa Springs, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: This corps will move to Tunnel Hill to-morrow. Your division will lead, moving via the Alabama or old Federal road and the first road to the right after passing Ben. Clark's house. The Third Division, General Wood commanding, will follow you. The Second Division, General Newton commanding, will move to Doctor Lee's via Burke's Mill. General McCook's cavalry, moving in conjunction with General Newton, will also move to Doctor Lee's. The general commanding wishes first to ascertain whether the enemy occupies the Tunnel Hill range in force. If not, the hill must be taken possession of, your division forming a junction with Palmer's corps, which has been ordered to move directly on the tunnel. General Wood's division will form immediately upon your left, and General Newton's will be massed in reserve opposite the left as a strong cover to our left flank, waiting the arrival of Major-General Schofield, whose right is to rest at Doctor Lee's house. should the enemy be found in force it will be necessary to take the ridge at the most accessible points and then change front toward the tunnel. Your division will draw out at 4.30 a. m. and Newton's at 4.30 a. m. and General Wood's at 5 a. m. The wagon train that

