
main road is more exposed about Calhoun and Adairsville than at Rome, and the cavalry is more needed there than with you, who are on a side or branch road. General McPherson will give you further instructions.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ACWORTH, June 7, 1864.

General SMITH, Huntsville:

GENERAL: As fast as your regiments are relieved by Major-General Thomas' troops send them forward by railroad to the Etowah River, in the vicinity of Cartersville, where they will find a camp, and be in the nature of a reserve, until the whole division comes forward. The trains to come by the dirt road. It will be best for the troops to march from Huntsville and vicinity with their trains as far as Bridgeport, where the troops can take the cars, without disarranging the running of the trains. The wagons to come on via Chattanooga and dirt road, with proper train guard. Put your post train into your division train.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Allatoona Creek, Ga., June 7, 1864.

The extent of front now occupied by this corps is 4,150 yards. The effective aggregate of the corps is: First Division, 5,114; Second Division, 5,226; Third Division, 6,261; total, 16,601. The extent of front which should be occupied by each division is: First Division, 1,280 yards; Second Division, 1,306 yards; Third Division, 1,564 yards; total, 4,150 yards. Extent now occupied by each division is: First Division, 1,000; Second Division, 1,250; Third Division, 1,900; total, 4,150. Changes to be made are: First Division to extend its front to the left 280 yards; Second Division to extend its front to the right 56 yards; Third Division front to be shortened 336 yards.

The changes in accordance with the foregoing statement will be made at once.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 139. In the Field, June 7, 1864.* * * * *

II. This command will move to-morrow as follows: The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Gresham, will take the advance on the road toward Acworth, moving out promptly at 6 a.m. The trains will follow the Fourth Division. The Third Division will follow the trains, moving at 7 a.m. Private Valentine Kerper, A Company, Thirty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is detailed for special service at these headquarters, and will report forthwith in person.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair, jr.:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

