
I would, therefore, respectfully suggest that another battery be ordered to remain here, and that rifled guns be prescribed, those now here being light 12s. One section of the rifled guns should go to Etowah bridge and the other four remain here. The guns and troops would then be distributed as follows: At Etowah bridge, one regiment of infantry, two light 12s, and two rifled guns. At Allatoona, three regiments infantry, four light 12s, and four rifled guns.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. POE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Morris' Hill Church, June 8, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you prepare yours corps to march at 6 a.m. Friday, the 10th instant, and not to-morrow, as heretofore ordered.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Hooker, Palmer, and Elliott.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Allatoona Creek, Ga., June 8, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Mendenhall, assistant inspector-general, Department of the Cumberland, will inform you as to the enemy's position in front of Generals Williams' and Butterfield's divisions, as he has been over the ground this afternoon. In front of General Geary's division (the left of the corps) the enemy have been busy all day throwing up field-works on the third ridge in front of the one occupied by his division, about three miles distant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Allatoona Creek, Ga., June 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In reply to your note just received, the major-general commanding directs me to say that it was reported to him that the enemy were leaving Lost Mountain and were supposed to be withdrawing their forces. The advance of the picket-line was ordered merely to ascertain the truth of the report. The orders you have received are given for that purpose only. If from what you can see and already

