
know (and your note seems to establish the incorrectness of the report), you are satisfied that the enemy are still in force in front of you, it is not considered necessary to bring on any fight or to lose any men.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 8, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: My pickets have all returned from the advance ordered-the same report from all, viz: Found the enemy at distance ranging from one mile and a quarter to two miles all along my front. Cavalry vedettes in all cases driven in, enemy's pickets also, sufficient to see their breast-works, and that they were occupied. The enemy were seen at one point to discharge a volley as if cleaning their pieces. The nearest point of the enemy's works is opposite to my right center, where my right refuses and turns to cross the Sandtown road and connect with General Williams' division.

The written report of the division officer of the day will be sent in soon. This statement is from the verbal reports. I would be exceedingly obliged for information as to the means General Hovey has for obtaining the news he reported in my front. It is a problem I do not understand. None of his scouts have passed my lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 8, 1864.

General W. L. ELLIOTT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I sent Colonel Dorr's brigade toward the hospital as ordered. He scouted the country in that vicinity without finding any enemy. There has not been more than a small party, ten or twelve, near there at any time. On Sandtown road come of my pickets captured 3 of the Thirty-fourth Georgia Infantry. They report Hardee's corps on Sandtown road, about two miles from our vedettes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Statement of A. B. Thornton, scout.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Morris' Hill Church, June 8, 1864.

Reports that agreeable to instructions he left headquarters Department of the Cumberland on Thursday, 2nd instant, while the army was before the intrenchments near Dallas. I was instructed to go to Marietta, and, if possible, to Atlanta, and get all information of the move-

