
ments and position of the rebel army and nature and strength of fortifications. I left headquarters on morning of 2nd instant; went from there to Kingston; staid that night six miles east of Cassville, on the road leading to Canton. Next morning took the road to within eight miles of Canton; there took to the right, crossing Steele's Bridge, over Etowah River; kept on that road to within two miles and a half of Acworth; there took to the left and took neighborhood roads to Big Shanty, reaching there Friday evening; there first met rebel pickets; there was taken prisoner and was taken to General Williams' headquarters, and from there to General Wheeler's headquarters, three miles to the right of Lost Mountain, on road leading from Burnt Hickory to Lost Mountain. Staid there all night; next morning went with an orderly to Colonel Hill, provost-marshal-general, half a mile from General Johnston's headquarters; staid there till about 10 o'clock that day; then went to Walker's division, or near Wheeler's headquarters, in a gap on road from Burnt Hickory to Lost Mountain; went back that night to Colonel Hill's, and staid that night at a house of a citizen near there. Sunday morning went to Colonel Hill's quarters, two miles and a half, east course, from Lost Mountain on Marietta road. Colonel Hill was asleep, and had given instructions not to be awakened; did not wait on him, but took the road to Marietta; arrived there about 11 a.m.; staid about dark; stopped at Washington Hall (a hotel) that night. Remained there till about 10 a.m. Monday when I left taking the Peach Tree road, northeast course, for six miles; from there took the Powell Ferry road, crossing the Chattahoochee River at Powell's Ferry, thirteen miles from Atlanta and eight miles from Marietta; kept on that road for three miles; there turned to the right on the Canton road; traveled that road one mile and a quarter, then turned to the right, taking neighborhood roads. Staid that night at a house six miles from Marietta. Next morning kept through country until I struck Hickory Flat road, one mile and a half from Steele's Bridge; kept on to the bridge, crossed it and came back same road, via Kingston, to headquarters, arriving this evening.

Until I reached rebel pickets nothing occurred worthy of mentioning. The First Alabama Cavalry was doing picket duty at Big Shanty. General Williams' headquarters were two miles southwest of there. General Williams asked but few questions; they were of a general character; General Wheeler asked me no questions; his adjutant asked to see my pass, and then said he could send me as I desired to General Johnston's headquarters. While there I learned that General Martin's cavalry division had been sent to the left to occupy the intrenchments while the infantry moved away. Colonel Hill asked me where I had been so long. I told him I had been acting as guide for the Yankees; had gone with them for the reason that I could not avoid it; said it was all right; wished to know if all supplies were shipped from Chattanooga by railroad, if we did not have wagon trains going back there; particularly in regard to strength and disposition of troops guarding railroad; strength of army, if many troops were going home, their time having expired. Inquired if any re-enforcements had arrived; said he had learned we had re-enforcements coming. Gave me the following instructions: Particularly the number of troops at different points guarding the railroad; wanted particularly the number at each point; did not mention any one; if any re-enforcements came or was expected; the number and whose troops they were; wanted to know what roads the wagon trains went, coming from Kingston to the army.

