
ganized about 20,000 militia between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years. All civil officers have been compelled to join this force. They are camped in and around Atlanta and Roswell Factory, twelve miles east of Marietta, on north side of Chattahoochee River. Could not ascertain what proportion was armed; could not ascertain that Johnston had received any re-enforcements or that any was expected. Nearly all of Johnston's trains are parked on south side of Chattahoochee River, extending from the bridge thirteen miles up the river. Most of the prominent citizens in Atlanta have moved away and other were awaiting transportation.

On my way back, noticed a great many refugees on their way south; men taking their families, negroes, stock, and what household furniture they could convey; did not notice any soldiers. On my route back, refugee on same road told me there was none in that direction. One of the refugees, a member of the State militia, whom I met six miles and a half east of Marietta, who had been up near Acworth getting his negroes and stock, informed me that Johnston's wagons had been ordered to the front. He did not tell me how he got the information. Some spurs of the range of hills on north side of Chattahoochee River extend down to the river, but generally there is a strip of bottom land between the hills and the river, varying from 300 to 400 yards in width. The distance from north to south side of the hills is about half a mile. The slope on north side is very gradual, but on side next the river is very bluff, probably 100 feet above water. On the top it is generally timbered. The approaches to this range of hills from a northern direction is on rolling ground; no high points; mostly timbered land. Artillery planted on this range of hills commands the country in all directions. Possession of the range on north side would place contending forces on equal footing, as the hills are of about equal height. The country between Chattahoochee River and Atlanta is mostly level, similar in appearance to that between Marietta and Chattahoochee River. I forgot to make any inquiry about the removal of the machinery of the different manufactories in Atlanta and know nothing about that.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Acworth, Ga., June 8, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: We will not be ready to move to-morrow. Please send a strong detachment of cavalry to reconnoiter down the Sandtown road, if possible, as far as the intersection of the Dallas and Marietta road. It would be well to send along a good section of artillery and a brigade of infantry, say as far as the branch of Allatoona Creek, near Rock Spring, or Hardshell Church. You are aware, I suppose, that General Blair has arrived, and that the railroad bridge over the Etowah will be done by Saturday or Sunday next.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Hovey has applied for a leave of absence to await the action of the President upon his resignation. He expresses great

