
goes forward with the troops will leave Salem Church at 5 a. m., passing Catoosa Springs to the Alabama road, then turning to the left it will go into part at some point will be indicated by a staff officer.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Catoosa Springs, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: This corps will move to Tunnel Hill to-morrow. The First Division, Major-General Stanley commanding, will take the lead, moving via the Alabama or old Federal road and the first road that turns to the right after passing Ben. Clark's house. General Wood's division will follow Stanley's, and your division will move to Doctor Lee's house via Burke's Mill. McCook's cavalry will move in conjunction with you via Burke's Mill to Doctor Lee's house. The general commanding wishes first to ascertain whether the enemy occupies the Tunnel Hill range in force; if not the hill must be taken possession of, Major-General Stanley's division forming a junction with Major-General Palmer's corps, which has been ordered to move directly to the tunnel, and General Wood's division forming immediately upon his left. Your division will be massed in reserve opposite the left, as a strong cover to our left flank, watching the arrival of Major-General Schofield's command, the right of which is to rest at Doctor Lee's house. Should the enemy be found in force it will be necessary to take the ridge at the most accessible points, and then change front toward the tunnel. Major-General Stanley will draw out at 4.30 a. m., General Wood at 5 a. m., and you at 4.30. The wagon train that goes forward with the troops will leave Salem Church at 5 a. m., and having passed Catoosa Springs and moved to the Alabama road will then turn to the left and park at some point to be indicated by a staff officer.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the First Division is encamped near Pleasant Grove; the Second in the vicinity of Pea Vine Church; and the Third at Leet's Tannery,a nd should all be in their positions at this time. My own headquarters will be at Leet's Tannery until further orders. My front and right will be properly looked after. The left of McPherson's command, on my right, rested at Gordon's Mills this morning, its right, I was informed, extending off in the direction of Crawfish Springs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

