HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, June 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The telegraph operator reports from Adairsville the appearance in that neighborhood of a brigade of Confederate cavalry, three regiments, but says Colonel Lowe is advised. The telegraph reports John Morgan about Paris, Ky.-a good place for him. I cannot hear of Forrest, though I believe the expedition which left Memphis June 1, composed of 3,000 cavalry and 5,000 infantry, bound for Tupelo, will give him good employment. As we will move with all our army in hand to-morrow, I have notified General McPherson to stop all veterans and detachments coming forward for him in Allatoona Pass about the new bridge. I wish you would order the same disposition of all detachments if coming up for you to be held at Kingston in reserve until your order them forward. I don't want dismounted cavalry to be sent back, but to be held and organized at Kingston or Resaca. If Lowe's rank be sufficient he should have command of all the troops at Kingston, Resaca, and on the road.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Acworth, GA., June 9, 1864-5 p.m.

General STANLEY:

Order of march for June 10, 1864:

This corps will march on the main road to Marietta, which crosses the railroad at Kenesaw Station and passes on to Marietta east of the Kenesaw Mountain, moving as follows: First, Major-General Stanley's division, then General Newton's, then General Wood's. Generals Stanley's and Newton's divisions will march at 7 a.m., and General Wood's at 8 a.m.

The ambulance trains will move in the rear of the respective divisions to which they are attached, and the ammunition trains, having been massed, will follow immediately after the corps.

The corps train will be drawn out on the same road upon which the troops march and following them; it will move at 10 a.m.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, Ga., June 9, 1864.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

Kingston:

You must push a vigorous pursuit after the enemy's cavalry on the railroad between Kingston and Resaca and disperse or capture the whole party.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

