HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 9, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I sent General Stoneman with a brigade of cavalry to reconnoiter on the Sandtown road by way of General Hooker's camp. I have not yet received General Stoneman's report. At the same time I sent General Hascall with two brigades of infantry and a brigade of cavalry from Allatoona Church to Geary Davis', with orders to reconnoiter toward Lost Mountain Post-Office and Hardshell Church, sending one brigade of infantry as far as the latter point, if practicable, to support General Stoneman in his reconnaissance toward the Marietta road. General Hascall found the enemy in force behind strong rifle-pits along the east bank of Allatoona Creek, their line facing nearly west.

I am informed that General Stoneman took the road from Jackson's to Geary Davis', instead of the Sandtown road. I will inform you as soon as I see him, and will also send you a sketch giving the enemy's position, &amp;c., as soon as my topographical engineer can make it. The line discovered by General Hascall is doubtless the enemy's flank line, running from Lost Mountain along the east of Allatoona Creek to a high hill just north of Hardshell Church.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: After a long conversation with General Hovey I have approved his application to be allowed to resign. I inclose copy of my indorsement, which shall go forward to-day. In the mean time you have full power to grant his leave to await the action of the President on this paper.

You can use your own discretion as to disposing his present command by distributing the regiments among your other divisions and brigades, or in styling it a brigade and attaching it to one of your divisions. I have subject to assignment Major Gens. Carl Schurz and Milroy; also Major-General Crittenden is offered to me, if I want him. You can have either or all these generals.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

ACWORTH, June 9, 1864.

General Hovey brought from Indiana five regiments of infantry, all of which he now commands. It is understood he was also instrumental in raising five regiments of cavalry; but it cannot be that infantry and cavalry be united in a division in that proportion. We cannot mount the cavalry now, and I did not succeed in getting the cavalry into Tennessee until after the campaign was opened. They were and are now properly left to guard our communications, the same as all

