
other dismounted cavalry, and when we do succeed in pressing horses, I cannot put them into an infantry division. I cannot give General Hovey another division without displacing some worthy incumbent, and all changes in the midst of a campaign are improper.

As to any promises made him for promotion I have nothing to say. I must deal with officers according to their rank, and General Hovey has had my tender of either moiety of the division or of any other local command at my disposal.

I recommend that his resignation be accepted.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA INFANTRY,Near Cartersville, Ga., June 9, 1864.

General W. Q. GRESHAM,

Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: We are awkwardly situated; encamped on the Etowah at the railroad crossing, with verbal instructions to strengthen the fortifications. Cartersville is a mile and a half distant; it is at present the depot of supplies, and is without a post commander, or even a guard for our stores; a rebel force of fifty men could destroy the place. I am informed that it is infested with stragglers who are entitled to the kind (?) consideration of competent authority. The two regiments under my command number less than 500 men for duty. I am working 150 daily, and 80 on picket and other guard duty. No cavalry here. Will you be so kind as to send or cause to be sent to me necessary instructions?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AARON BROWN,

Colonel Third Iowa Infantry.

ROME, June 9, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have been assigned to the command of this place by order of Major-General Sherman, and am directed to report to you. I find here but three regiments of infantry, the Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh Illinois, and the Thirty-ninth Iowa; there is a 4-gun battery of 10-pounder Parrotts, and two companies of mounted infantry. I would like more artillery and a portion of cavalry. The country across the river from here abounds in roving bands of the enemy, which I would like to clear out. I am necessarily obliged to forage to some extent, and require some cavalry to enable me to do that safely. I would like an engineer officer and an experienced quartermaster.

Very respectfully,

W. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., June 9, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Acworth, Ga.:

But three regiments have reported to relieve my command. One stationed on the railroad between Decatur and Huntsville, and but one

