
from Stevenson to Woodville, which is not sufficient to protect the road. I have two regiments from Brownsborough to Paint Rock. They are very slow in sending troops here, and I am anxious to get off.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

MADISON, June 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

Large force is reported on this side river, below Beaver Dam and Big Piney. Negroes report that Beaver Dam has been attacked. I am carrying rations to the troops. I doubt the story of attack.

E. ANDERSON,

Colonel Twelfth Indiana Cavalry.

WHITESBURG, ALA., June 9, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Several citizens have just reached here from the mountains and report that Captain Johnson has nearly 100 men five miles from here and two miles east of the road from here to Huntsville. I will send two companies to watch them. They will leave here at 11 o'clock.

C. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Whitesburg.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 21. In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

The armies will move forward to-morrow morning.

I. Major-General Thomas the center, on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road and such other roads as he may choose between it and the Acworth and Marietta road, aiming to strike the northern end of Kenesaw Mountain.

II. Major-General McPherson will move by the Acworth and Marietta road, with a column following the railroad and his cavalry well to the left, after passing Big Shanty.

III. Major-General Schofield will cover his wagons well about Mount Olive Church, and feel well with cavalry and skirmishers down the road past Hardshell Church, to ascertain the enemy's strength about Lost Mountain and the ridge connecting it with Kenesaw Mountain. He will not pass the position about Hardshell Church in force until he is certain Major-General Thomas has reached some point on Kenesaw.

IV. The object will be to develop the enemy's position and strength, and to draw artillery fire from his intrenched works. this army will operate by heads of columns instead of deployed lines of battle, each column covering its head and flanks with good advance and flanking skirmishers, and be prepared to deploy promptly, according to danger. Intrenched positions will not be attacked without orders. Each head of column will have a good battery of heavy rifled artillery, and should use it freely against rail and log barricades, and also to indicate the positions of heads of columns. The flank columns will conform their motions to that of the center. Either column reaching a good military position should intrench it by leaving a brigade, but should not delay its advance.

