
V. Major-General Stoneman's cavalry will cover the right and Brigadier-General Garrard's the left flanks. Brigadier-General McCook's cavalry should be kept to the rear, or to keep up communications.

VI. The movement will begin at 6 a.m., and continue until some one of the columns reaches Kenesaw Mountain or until the center is checked.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Morris' Hill Church, Ga., June 9, 1864.

Orders of march for June 10, 1864:

The Army of the Cumberland will march to-morrow morning on the main road to Marietta, which crosses the railroad at Kenesaw Station and passes on to Marietta east of the Kenesaw Mountain. The fourteenth Army Corps will leave, starting at 5 a.m.; the Fourth Corps will follow the Fourteenth, and the Twentieth will follow the Fourth. Only sufficient transportation will be taken to carry ten days' provisions and forage. Colonel McCook, commanding First Cavalry Division, will keep a small portion of his force in front and on the right flank. The remainder will move in rear of the infantry.

Should no opposition be met with during the march to Kenesaw Station, the head of the column will halt there until the arrival of the head of the column of the Army of the Tennessee, unless it should have already arrived. The habitual position of the train belonging to the headquarters of the department will be in rear of the second division of the leading officers will cause way to be made for the train when it is moving in obedience to orders, no matter in what direction or whatever may occupy the road at the time.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Allatoona Creek, Ga., June 9, 1864.

The division of this command will be in readiness to march at 9 a.m. to-morrow. The order of march will be as follows: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. Unless otherwise ordered, the division ammunition trains will follow the divisions, and the supply trains, under charge of the chief quartermaster, follow the corps.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, ACWORTH, GA. Numbers 34. June 9, 1864.

* * * *

XVIII. The command will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock in the direction of Marietta in accordance with instructions of Major-General Sherman, inclosed herewith.*

---------------

*See p. 445.

---------------

