
First. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, having the advance on the main Marietta road, and will be followed up by the Sixteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Dodge commanding.

Second. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move from their present encampment in a road which runs substantially along the line of the railroad to Marietta and thence to Big Shanty, where the heads of columns will come together.

Third. The cavalry division, Brigadier-General Garrard commanding, will move by roads still farther to the left, and will thoroughly scout the country and cover the left flank.

Fourth. The main supply trains of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps will follow on the main Marietta, and will be covered in rear by a brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps. The trains of the Seventeenth Corps, and the cavalry train, will follow its corps, covered by a strong rear guard.

Fifth. One wagon load of ammunition per regiment will follow each division. The balance will follow immediately after the corps to which the ammunition belongs.

* * * * *

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

I. The command will move forward to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock on the main Marietta road, in accordance with the instructions of Major-General Sherman and McPherson, herewith inclosed.*

First. Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, commanding Second Division, will have the advance, moving with his battery of 20-pounder Parrotts as his advance battery, and after passing a distance of two miles from his present encampment, will move with the head of his columns well protected by a heavy skirmish line and the flanks of his command well protected by flankers.

Second. The commands of Brigadier General William Harrow and Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus will follow, respectively, that of Brigadier-General Smith.

Third. Fifteen wagons, loaded with ammunition, and the ambulances will follow each division, and the headquarters wagons of each division will follow the ammunition wagons of their respective divisions. The remaining wagons of the command will follow in the rear of the entire command, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps.

Fourth. Strong guards will be detailed and properly instructed to prevent straggling.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C., Numbers 17. Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

I. This command will move to-morrow in accordance with instructions of Major-General McPherson, inclosed herewith,# the Second Division,

---------------

*See pp. 445, 446.

#See p. 446.

---------------

