
General Sweeny commanding, having the advance. General Veatch's command will follow General Sweeny and furnish one brigade as rear guard. Trains will follow infantry column, except one wagon of ammunition to a regiment, which will follow each division. The Ninth Illinois will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Godfrey, First Alabama Cavalry, who will remain at this point until all stores belonging to the Sixteenth Corps and all teams sent for supplies arrive, which they will guard to the command.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 22. Near Acworth, Ga., June 9, 1864.

I. Leave of absence for thirty days is hereby granted Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, to take effect from the time he leaves the department. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for General Hovey, his two aides, servants, private horses, and baggage.

* * * * *

VIII. The First Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Colonel Richard F. Barter commanding, is hereby temporarily attached to the Third Division. The brigade commander will accordingly report to Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding Third Division, for orders.

The brigade will retain its present designation as the First Brigade of the First Division, and will be reported as temporarily attached to the Third Division.

The Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery is hereby temporarily attached to the Third Division. The officer in command will report for orders to Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

IX. The Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Colonel J. C. McQuiston commanding, is hereby temporarily attached to the Second Division. The brigade commander will accordingly report to Brigadier General M. S. Hascall, commanding Second Division, for orders.

The brigade will retain its present designation as the Second Brigade of the First Division, and will be reported as temporarily attached to the Second Division.

The Twenty-third Indiana Battery is hereby temporarily attached to the Second Division. The officer in command will report for orders to Brigadier General M. S. Hascall, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ACWORTH, GA., June 10, 1864.

(Received 12.20 p.m. 11th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Our cavalry yesterday developed the position of the enemy in a line along the hills from Kenesaw to Lost Mountain. We are now march-

