
ing by three roads, all toward Kenesaw, and shall feel the position in force to-day, prepared to attack or turn it to-morrow. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 10, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 11.05 p.m.)

Major-General HOOKER,

Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: I sent you all of the troops I had out of position, except one brigade of General Newton's, which I detained on account of the reports that the enemy was preparing to assault a portion of our lines. General Palmer relieved Newton just at dark. The demonstration at 4 p.m. resulted in Stanley taking a hill in his front with a number of prisoners. He had hardly got in intrenched when his advance position was fiercely assaulted twice in succession. The rebels were handsomely repulsed. If the programme is not changed, General Newton's division will start to prolong my line to the right early in the morning.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 10, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Generals Davis and Baird are marching toward a house marked on the blank map as Owen's your column will follow. It is doubtful whether you can get your artillery along the Big Shanty road, and unless you know another and better road toward Owen's, you had better follow in the rear of Baird.

By order of Major General J. M. Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 10, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

If you deem it necessary you can strengthen General Leggett's left from Brigadier-General Gresham's division. I do not apprehend the enemy's cavalry will make any serious demonstrations on our lines. They undoubtedly will annoy us as much as possible and feel our position. Garrard, with a division of our cavalry, is off on our left some five or six miles on Noonday Creek; though rather to our rear. No special instructions for to-night. Have one division of your command ready to advance to front and left to-morrow at 6 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

29 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

