HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

You will march with your command at daybreak to-morrow morning (7th instant) in the direction of Tunnel Hill, by way of Nickajack Gap and the Trickum road, feeling toward your left for Major-General Palmer's troops, on the main road from this place to Tunnel Hill. After reaching Trickum, throw forward a force along the Ringgold and Rome road, toward Villanov, to feel for and establish communication with Major-General McPherson's troops, who will come into Dogwood Valley through Gordon's and Ship's Gaps. After establishing your connection with General Palmer's troops, move forward and establish yourself on a line with them, or as nearly so as the nature of the ground will admit, looking well to the security of your right flank, as well as holding the roads from Buzzard Roost and Dalton to Villanow. You will take with you as few wagons as possible, sending the balance here to wait further orders, unless you can find a secure place to park them near Nickajack Gap.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

ROBT H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

You will move with your command, in connection with Major-General Howard, to-morrow morning (7th instant) at daybreak, taking such orders from General Howard as he may think necessary to secure the success of the movement, establishing connection with Major-General Schofield's troops at Varnell's Station.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Catoosa Springs, May 6, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: The order that you have received from Major-General Thomas will be modified in this, that Major-General Schofield's right will rest at Doctor Lee's and his left at Ellidge's. Your ammunition train will move from Salem Church at 5 a. m. to-morrow with the train that accompanies the troops in the march, and it will park on the Alabama or old Federal road at some point that will be indicated by a staff officer. If you are in present need of ammunition you must supply yourself from your train to-night. You will move, in conjunction with General Newton's column, at 4.30 a. m. to-morrow. General Newton will move, via Burke's Mill, to Doctor Lee's house. You will consult with him in reference to your movement, route, &amp;c.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

