HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Shanty, June 10, 1864 - 5.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The Army of the Tennessee os in camp in the vicinity of this place covering the marietta and Roswell Factory road. From your note my understanding is, that you are some distance to the rear of our left flank, probably where the Canton road from this place crosses Noonday Creek. I would like to have your command, or a portion of it at least, up more nearly on a line with us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

We have had only slight skirmishing to-day.

McP.

[JUNE 10, 1864.- For Lowe to How and Elliott, reporting operations near Stilesborough and at Calhoun, &amp;C., See Part II, p. 865.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, Ga., June 10, 1864.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

Kingston, Ga.:

You must push a vigorous pursuit after the enemy's cavalry on the railroad between Kingston and Resaca, and disperse or capture the whole party.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 10, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have ordered Hascall's division to move down to Davis' where it found the enemy in position yesterday; and Cox to move via Mount Olive Church toward Hardshell Church. They can keep open communication by cross-roads, which are indicated with approximate accuracy on the map. I will with Cox until I find what is in our front and learn the result of General Thomas' movement. General Stoneman found yesterday that McCook had preceded him in the Sandtown road. Hence he turned southwest and joined Hascall. Our sketches made from yesterday's reconnaissance are too imperfect to be of any value. But there seems no doubt that the enemy is in force behind works of considerable strength, which run along the east bank of Allatoona Creek and the south bank of the branch which crossed the Sandtown road just above Hardshell Church. These creeks appear to be very inaccurately represented on our latest map. I will endeavor to get a correct sketch to-day.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

