HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 10, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have developed the enemy's lines, crossing the Powder Springs road in front of Lost Mountain, the Marietta road between Davis' and the Hardshell Church, and the Sandtown road about one mile and a half north of Harshell Church. I am not satisfied whether the latter is their main line or only a light advance line; I have drawn no artillery fire from it yet; will see what it is in the morning. Three batteries can be seen in front of my right division; one of them only has opened fire. The general direction of the enemy's line is northeast and southwest, appearing to run from near Lost Mountain to the high hill which is nearly due east from the mill on the Sandtown road, just in front of General Williams position.

I inclose a sketch* showing the enemy's line, so far as I have developed it, and the position of my troops. My headquarters are near the intersection of the Sandtown and Powder Springs road.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

JUNE 10, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: We will not be able to do much more to-night. General Cox is substantially connected with your left. Make your position s secure as practicable, especially your right, and have your trains our of the way. Keep your main line as much as practicable out of view of the enemy so as not to expose them to artillery fire, nor inform the enemy of your strength. It is not intended that our troops be, for the present, brought in very close proximity to the enemy. It may be necessary to withdraw them quickly for a general maneuver. My headquarters will be on the Sandtown road not far from the intersection of the road from Lost Mountain Post-Office.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, Ga., June 10, 1864.

General VANDEVER,

Rome, Ga.:

If the interruption of the road at Calhoun continues, send a messenger on the west of the Oostenaula to Resaca and thence order down from Chattanooga two or three regiments of infantry to come to Resaca and march down and clear the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

