
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 10, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staf, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: You are respectfully informed that Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson, senior and supervising quartermaster at Nashville, estimates that 12,000 cavalry horses will be needed for issue at that place. He requests that such direction may be given to this requisition as will insure its being filled, and states:

I do not mean to complain when I say that cavalry horses have come in slowly and there are over 5.000 men here waiting for a remount, without any prospect of soon getting one. They have been here for a long time, and their series are, of course, lost. I mention this because it is my province to keep the authorities advised of the present and future of this depot.

A portion at least of these horses, in the opinion of the Quartermaster-General, should be obtained from the animals sent to the rear to recover from the effects of last fall and winter's campaign. As for the 5,000 dismounted cavalry reported at Nashville, it is rumored that the lieutenant-general has given orders to employ them in guarding depots and communications.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. DANA,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 22. In the Field, Big Shanty, Ga., June 10, 1864.

I. The country from Bridgeport to Allatoona, including Cleveland, Rome, and the country east as far as controlled by our troops, will be styled the "District of the Etowah," and will be under the general supervision and command of Major-General Steedman or the senior officer who may succeeded to the command.

II. The officer commanding the district will frequently in person or by an inspector-general visit all parts of his district and be held responsible that telegraph and railroad communication are kept up and made secure to the army in front. To this end, besides arranging the garrisons at the different points, he will have a force in reserve ready to repair to any threatened point.

III. The several commands and detachments now garrisoning the district will continue to belong to the armies from which they were detached, and will make their returns accordingly, but the commanding officer of the district may call for such field reports as may be necessary for him to understand the strength and condition of the command. The strength of the detachments will not be diminished without the consent of the district commander, or an order from these headquarters.

IV. Should a necessity arise to insure the safety of our communications, the commander of the district may detain for a few days troops in transitu, reporting promptly to these headquarters the facts and reasons therefor.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

