HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, Ga., June 10, 1864.

Orders for June 11, 1864:

I. Major-General Palmer will at daylight fell to his front and left and endeavor to obtain possession of the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road between Pine Hill and Kenesaw Mountain, at the same time feeling for General McPherson's right. The latter has been ordered to push a column down the railroad and at the same time endeavor to connect with General Palmer's left.

II. Major-General Howard will from his corps fill the gaps caused by the movements of the Fourteenth Corps to the left and front, until his corps is absorbed, when he will move gradually to the left, following the movement of the Fourteenth Corps.

III. Major General J. Hooker, commanding Twentieth Corps, will fill the spaced which may be caused by the movement of the Fourth Corps to its left, until the corps is absorbed, when he will take up the general movement to the left.

IV. Corps commanders will send a staff officer with orderly to these headquarters every to inform the general commanding as to the location of their corps and of corps headquarters.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 23. Near Acworth, Ga., June 10, 1864.

I. General Hascall will move with three brigades to the position gained by him in his reconnaissance yesterday. One brigade (Colonel McQuiston's) will for the present remained near its present camp to cover the supply trains. General Cox will move, via Allatoona Church, to the Sandtown road and forward on that road until he encounters the enemy in position near Hardshell Church, not, however, passing the latter point. General Stoneman will watch the right flank of the infantry and patrol the interval between the divisions until they effect a junction. Attention is called to Special Field Orders, Numbers 21, current series, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi.*

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 11, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Johnston is intrenched on the hills, embracing Lost Mountain, Pine Hill, and Kenesaw. Our lines are down to him, but it has rained so hard and the ground is so boggy that we have not developed any weak point or flank. I will proceed with due caution and try to make no mistake. The Etowah bridge is done and a construction train has

---------------

* See p. 445.

---------------

