
ing on the Acworth and Dallas road. They belong to the Fifty-sixth Alabama Cavalry, Jackson's division, now on the left of Polk's corps. They report Polk's corps on the left of their army; that Jackson's cavalry division is on their left flank; that most of their cavalry is on their right; that they understood yesterday that their army was in motion, moving to their right; that they had good fortifications on Lost Mountain; that S. D. Lee is commanding Polk's old department, and Jackson now has Lee's cavalry division; that a brigade of fresh cavalry went up from Atlanta to their right day before yesterday, and the army is becoming very much disheartened by Johnston's advances to the rear. They represent their army as constantly changing position, and that they have strong provost guards to prevent desertion and to make the conscript fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINGSTON, GA., June 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

Road is again open. By rebel dash into Calhoun five cars were burned, the rebels having placed a torpedo on the track, by which engine and two cars were thrown off. They also fired the depot building, but one of my companies drove them off, and saved the building. They were followed all last night, but dispersed and went into the mountain. Still have an expedition out. Yesterday captured 2 of Armstrong's scouts between here and Rome. Unless otherwise directed, if I can get enough mounted men together, shall send an expedition to and beyond Van Wert.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINGSTON, GA., June 11, 1864.

Lieutenant HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my scouting parties, under Major Wolfley, Third Kentucky cavalry, this afternoon captured 6 of Armstrong's command on southside of river, between here and Rome. Quiet along railroad. I have commenced patrolling railroad from here to Cartersville.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 11, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have advanced my left center some distance to-day, without reaching the enemy's works. The ground passed over is thickly

