
the left of the division following substantially the line of the dirt road. Major-General Blair will detail from his command one division to operate on the east of the dirt road, connecting with Logan's left and extending east toward Noonday Creek. Brigadier-General Dodge will detail one brigade from his command, and follow substantially the line of the railroad, connecting with Logan's right and feeling well toward his own right for Major-General Thomas, who is instructed as he advances to feel for the railroad.

Second. One battery, six pieces, for a division will be enough to take along.

Third. Should a good military position be found in advance of our present position, word will be immediately sent back, and the whole line advanced to it.

Fourth. The movement will commence as soon as the troops can be got ready, and the commands will move forward together and act in harmony.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 9. Big Shanty, Ga., June 11, 1864.

The following officers are announced as members of the staff corps of this department and army. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain George C. Norton, Twelfth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general.

Captain Daniel W. Whittle, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal-general.

Captain O. H. Howard, U. S. Army, chief signal officer.

Captain J. T. Conklin, assistant quartermaster, assistant chief quartermaster.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

EM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 12, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Major-General Thomas, commanding Army of the Cumberland, can give General Crittenden a temporary command on our line of communication, and excepts he will be able to give him command of a division during the campaign. Let him report by telegraph from Louisville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, June 12, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am mounting and equipping regiments as fast as possible. I have authorized the pressing of horses in some district in Tennessee and

