
Paint Rock bridge and this place two regiments of my command, strength 350 each, Colonel Deimling commanding. One regiment each at Whitesburg and Triana, strength, 300 each. Between this place and Decatur, 300 - Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Colonel Anderson. At this place four regiments, three batteries, several detachments, besides the Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, and a portion of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, mounted. I can give you a more compete statement by letter, but have been looking for you here. May I except you to-morrow or next day?

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Pine Hill, Ga., June 12, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding I herewith send you copy of a dispatch just received rom Fourth Corps. The general directs that you hold your division in readiness to march at short notice, but not strike tents at present.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH CORPS,June 12, 1864 - 1.10 p. m.

Colonel J. S. FULLERTON:

COLONEL: Colonel Champion, in the front, reports the rebels marching to our right in large force. They have been continuously passing for one hour, and are now passing.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 12, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose a sketch,* which gives quite accurately the enemy's position in my front. I think it probable that his main line from Lost Mountain to Pine Mountain is in rear of the one I have developed, at least on my left; yet the latter is strong and held in force. My cavalry yesterday passed the works northwest of Lost Mountain, and reached the Powder Springs road, at the foot of the mountain, with but slight opposition. I have seen the portions of the rebels works which are represented by full lines. The conformation of the ground indicates where the continual line must be, if they extend to Lost Mountain. I have pushed forward as far as is practicable without making an assault. General Stanley informed me at 1 o'clock that a large force of the enemy was seen moving toward our right. I take it to be only re-enforce-

---------------

* To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

