
ments called for, on account of my demonstration last evening and this morning. Yet I will be as well prepared as possible to receive them if they attack.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1864 - 8.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General McLEAN,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: General Hascall will this morning relieve your troops which are on the right of the brook, so as to enable you to put all your command on the left of it. Try to obtain a good line on the continuation of your front northward. As soon as the weather will permit, Colonel Reilly will, again push a force forward to develop the enemy's line from his front to yours. Colonel Barter will co-operate unless the extension of your line to left shall have taken place so as to cover all of Barter's front. Whenever Colonel Reilly shall push forward, you will please let your skirmish line on the left keep fully up with him if practicable, and I hope we may obtain a strong position making the line continuous from him to you. Let me know when General Hascall's troops relieve your right, and make such arrangements as will conceal your movement from the enemy as much as possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Upon Reilly's pushing forward more decidedly on his left and front, he has developed a rebel battery in his front on the road. I have directed him to hold his present position where his breast-works are, keeping his skirmishers well forward, and communication with Barter's and McLean's brigades. It occurs to me that from Shields' position they must be able to see the general position of the battery which opened.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 12, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Has rained steadily all day; is raining still. Some skirmishing in front of center and left, and just at night quite heavy fire of small-arms heard in direction of Garrard's position or extreme left of advance, of which no report is yet received. Whole country so softened by rains that artillery can't be moved, even in roads. Railroad all right yet; but high wind may make is trouble.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

30 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

