
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 24. In the Field, Big Shanty, June 12, 1864.

1. During the temporary stay of the army at or near its present locality, the Army of the Tennessee will draw their supplies from the Big Shanty depot; the Army of the Cumberland from Acworth, and the Army of the Ohio from Allatoona.

2. The ration prescribed for ken and horses in Special Field Orders, Numbers 9, was designed for troops operating at a distance from railroad, with the use of wagons or pack animals only. When the army is on a railroad, or rear it, the chief commissary and quartermaster may increase the allowance according to the capacity of the railroad for supply.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 13, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 2 a.m. 14th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have had hard and cold rains for about ten days. A gleam of sunshine this evening gives hopes of a change. The roads are insufficient here, and the fields and new ground are simply impassable to wheels. As soon as possible I will study Johnston's position on the Kenesaw and Lost Mountains, and adopt some plan to dislodge him or draw him out of his position. We cannot risk the heavy losses of an assault at this distance from our base. Cars now come to our very front camps. All well. There are troops enough in Kentucky to manage Morgan, and in Tennessee to watch Forest, should he make his appearance, as Johnston doubtless calculates.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 13, 1864.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON,

Nashville:

My congratulations on your nomination.

I think it will simplify matters and insure the responsibility of agents, if you will turn over the management of the Northwestern road to Mr. Anderson, and the guarding and protecting it to General Rousseau. I am informed the road is now done, and it will soon be needed to the full extent of its capacity. I have no doubt the enemy contemplated that Forrest should enter Tennessee about Florence, at the same time that Morgan Slipped into Kentucky. It would be well for Gillem to be on the qui vive about Lamb's Ferry' but I think the late rains have rendered the passage of the Tennessee difficult, and Forrest is occupied elsewhere.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

