HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 13, 1864 - 11.10 a. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: At 6.20 this afternoon I received your note informing me that General Stanley had reported movements of the enemy to our left and directing me to hold myself in readiness to move to Moon's Station, &amp;c. I am ready to move my infantry anywhere. My artillery I can possibly move to General McPherson's rear, and the country from that point may allow of its passage to the left. Please inform me whether the general commanding intends that I shall regard the order to be ready to move to the left as superseding his wish that I shall go forward to the Marietta and Burnt Hickory road. My patrols have been forward a mile; have reached a road which I think is the one we are seeking. I intend, if it ever stops raining, to advance a strong reconnoitering party and occupy a strong point on this road, unless the general regards the movement to the left more important and urgent.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, June 13, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of 11.10 a. m. to-day has been received. The order to hold yourself in readiness to move to the left was based upon the supposition that the rebels might intend to attack General McPherson, and the movement would be made only in that event. As they have not attacked, you will continue your operations according to previous orders when the weather will permit.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 13, 1864 - 7.15 a. m.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that, without too much disturbing the shelter of the men, you get your command in readiness to move immediately in case it may be necessary.

A good road will be immediately prepared from the rear of your division to the vicinity of Acworth. Captain McElfatrick, chief topographical engineer, will consult with you in regard to it, and the details which may be necessary of officers and men will be furnished for its construction to Captain Donnelly, commander of pioneers, on his request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To division commanders.)

