HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he intends to move your line forward at 6 a. m. to-morrow, and desires that you hold your troops in readiness to move at that hour.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General King, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.)
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, 14TH CORPS,Camp near Kenesaw Mountain, June 13, 1864.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The order from the general commanding to prosecute a reconnaissance on the road in the front of my camp has been complied with. Lieutenant Williams, of my staff, has just returned from the reconnaissance; he has with him one company of the Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry. He went down the main road half a mile, the road bearing slightly east of south. Lieutenant W[illiams] met no obstructions whatever. He halted at a high hill on the right od the road, and open field on the north side before reaching said hill. There are no fortifications between our line and said hill and none visible from the hill. The timber is generally heavy, with thick underbrush. I send Lieutenant Williams with this report so that the general may question him if desirable.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 13 - 12.30 p. m.

Respectfully referred to General Palmer, commanding corps.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, June 13, 1864 - 3.40 a. m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The rebels have been moving their column to the let this night, which means either a night attack or a daylight movement upon our wagon train around McPherson's left. If the former, simply hold yourself in readiness. If the latter, upon the first signal of activity in the rebel lines you and General Howard will open heavily with artillery, and push for Pine Hill. The rebels have had their cavalry feeling well in the space between McPherson's (Blair's) left and Garrard's, and it is toward that flank the enemy move with the least difficulty.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

