HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, Ga., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your camp to the vicinity of Acworth, the depot of supplies for the Army of the Cumberland, and that you cover the roads as represented on linen map, Numbers 2, from Richland Creek, Burnt Hickory, Dallas, leading toward Acworth; also the main Dallas and Acworth road by Morris' Hill Church, patrolling the several roads as far to the front as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,In Camp, June 13, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Cavalry Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have not been able to discover any movement of the enemy in the direction of our left, other than that of their cavalry, which, as far as I am able to judge from information obtained, came from some point on the railroad between Marietta and the Chattahoochee to meet our command. Quite a heavy musketry fire for a few moments, apparently from about a battalion, was heard about one mile in advance of my outpost on the opposite side of Noonday Creek, about 5 p. m. yesterday. It is rumored, but not traceable to any reliable source, that the enemy are extending their line of intrenchments in an easterly direction to the Big Shanty and Roswell Factory road.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

KINGSTON, GA., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

General Vandever informs me that a body of rebel cavalry crossed to north side of Coosa yesterday, ten miles below Rome. I have Colonel Murray out with his effective mounted force. I was only ordered to watch roads as far as Rome, but have sent him beyond that point, and have asked General Vandever to prevent rebels from recrossing. Am patrolling road up to Cartersville. At that point there are some cavalry that are reported to me that might be made [useful]. River obstructed as directed.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

