HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFILED,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Yours to the general commanding, inclosing sketch, is just received. I am directed by him to say the weather is so very bad but little can be done; as soon as it clears up and troops can be handled, he will be up to see you.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Railroad open on the 11th; trains plenty; will be up at once. No news or late papers.

Yours,

L. M. D.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I sent one of Hascall's brigades through the woods on his right this a. m., and one of Cox's though the strip of woods in front of his center, near the Sandtown road; both columns covered by artillery fire. They carried the enemy's first line without much difficulty, capturing quite a large number of prisoners. Hascall's division soon developed the enemy's second line along the ridge connecting with Lost Mountain, and occupied in strong force. He was compelled to wait till the troops on his left advanced to the attack. General Hooker's movement this evening converging toward the same point with my two divisions, left Cox's division (save one brigade in reserve, and hascall connected with him and joined in the attack, with no advantage, as far as I know, beyond what had already been gained. I have not yet heard from Stoneman relative to his movement toward Lost Mountain. Cox's division being now in reserve, in the works which we took from the enemy this morning, I propose to move it to-morrow morning to my right, unless you otherwise direct. In the present position the enemy's line extends much beyond my right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Shanty, June 13, 1864 - 2.30 a. m.

Major-General LOGAN,

Commanding, &C.:

GENERAL: Major-General Howard, in the center, reports a movement of the enemy toward our left. Have Morgan L. Smith's division moved toward Blair's left front, where he can be in position to support quickly if Blair is attacked. Have your pickets listen attentively, and the men ready to repel any attack. Major Willard, of my staff, will conduct General Smith's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

