
BIG SHANTY, GA., June 13, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE C. ROGERS,

Commanding, Allatoona:

Major-General McPherson directs that you forward to these headquarters daily reports of the progress of the works and all matters of intersect connected with your command. You will make frequent visits to the bridge, inform yourself of all avenues of approach to your position, send out scouting parties, acquaint yourself thoroughly with all movements of the enemy in your vicinity. You will take special care to protect your command from any cavalry dash or surprise. Your position is one of vital importance to the army, and the general commanding relies upon you to see that communication to the rear is not in any way disturbed at Allatoona. You will not confine yourself to the protection of your command at Allatoona, but you will give especial attention to the protection of the bridge and the approaches to it beyond. Communicate these instructions to any officer who may relieve you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIG SHANTY, June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH:

Bring the Fifth Ohio cavalry with you, horses and equipments.

By order of Major General J. A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., June 13, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I would respectfully request that orders be issued relieving my brigade now stationed at Decatur, as I am informed by General Granger, who is now here, that he has no authority to relieve my troops, and that my whole command be relieved as soon as practicable.

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS,

Big Shanty, Ga., June 13, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Rain continued to fall steadily all last night and until 4 p. m. to-day, putting any movements out of question. Our pickets have been pushed forward slightly at some points, and enemy creeps slowly toward our left, but situation not materially changed since my last. Railroad trains now here with quartermaster and commissary stores. Will require three clear days to make it possible to move artillery and wagons. Want operators badly.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

