SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 111 1/2. In the Field, near Big Shanty, June 13, 1864.

1. General R. W. Johnson having obtained a short leave of absence on account of ill health, the undersigned assumes command of the division. All communications to these headquarters will be addressed to First Lieutenant W. J. Lyster, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general.

JOHN H. KING,Brigadier-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 2. Big Shanty, Ga., June 13, 1864.

The general commanding has been pained to observe that some commanding officers of divisions and brigades of this army are in the habit of establishing their headquarters at a great distance from their commands. This practice is subservice of military discipline, is in violation of orders, and must be discontinued, Commanding officers of divisions and brigades will hereafter be found in the immediate vicinity of their troops, and they will invariably notify commanding officer of regiments and batteries where they have establishing their headquarters, in order that they may be found without any delay in case of emergency. Inspectors-general of the army will promptly report to these headquarters any neglect or violation of this order.

By order of Major General J. B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 14, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

We have just received from General Washburn report of battle between Sturgis and Forrest, in which our forces were defeat with great loss. Washburn estimates our loss at not less than 3,000, and Forrest is in pursuit.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 14, 1864 - 6 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received the news of the defeat of our party sent our from Memphis, whose chief object was to hold Forrest there and keep him off our road. Of course it is to be deplored, but we must prepared for all contingencies. I have ordered A. J. Smith not togo Mobile, but to go out from Memphis and defeat Forrest at all cost. O know positively that all of Polk's command is here from Mississippi, viz: Loring's and French's divisions and three brigades of cavalry, Ferguson's, Ross's, and Starke's. Forrest has only his own cavalry, which has started for North Alabama, and the militia under Gholson. I cannot understand how he could defeat Strugis with 8,000 men. Our troops must assume the offensive from Memphis.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

