HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 14, 1864 - 11.20 a. m.

Brigadier-General NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division:

In accordance with instructions from department I am to forma column of attack, moving southward to the left of Pine Top. Your division will lead, Stanley's will follow, and then Wood's. I wish to develop the point or points of attack by strong skirmish line. Please bring up your reserve brigade and artillery immediately. I wish you to those your method of formation. All the troops must be ready by 2 p. m. at the Marietta road.

By command of Major-General Howard:

F. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Shanty, Ga., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

You will move your division to-morrow morning, the 15th, at 6 a. m., to the ridge in rear of General Veatch's headquarters, and mass it on as good ground as the ridge affords, facing as near south as practicable.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Pine Hill, Ga., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Colonel Mendenhall appears to have misapprehended me this morning. I reported to him that it was my intention to connect Geary's right with the left of the advanced line of the Twenty-third Corps. This would require me to pass on to the left bank of the Allatoona Creek and occupy the high ground there, and this close in snugly on Pine Mountain, considerably shortening the line now held by the Twentieth and Twenty-third Corps. This can be effected at any time, as I have learned to-day, and I would have executed it but for the movement of Palmer's corps. Captain Pratt informs me that the Fourteenth Corps is on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road. I think this must be a mistake. He must mean the Rome and Marietta road. If the former, the position of the enemy on Pine Mountain would not be tenable by the enemy. To sever the enemy's lines between Pine and Lost Mountains will be, I conclude, attended with about the same difficulty as that between Pine and the Kenesaw, for the former is only made use of as an advanced position to the enemy's main line of defense, between Lost and Kenesaw Mountains. With regard to the feasibility of breaking the line I cannot advise you, as I have had no opportunity to know from personal observation. With regard to turning Lost Mountain, I have no doubt but that it can be done, as Major-General Schofield informs me that it is not held by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

