HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 14, 1864 - 10.30 p. m

(Received 11.36 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: In reply to your note just received, I would respectfully report that the breast-works built by my command on the prolongation of General Williams' right are fully occupied. I have had no intention of doing anything but repel the enemy in case he attacked. I fear from the note that General Hooker is under the impression that I gave built new breast-works and moved my troops to-day. This I have not done, not being so ordered. I was directed to advance my picket-line, which was done; to examine personally the line between Geary and Schofield, with a view to new position, and report thereon. I reported in writing, with sketch, failing to see the general in person, but received no further orders, and in view of a movement to the left, of which you spoke, supposed that the general, not sending me any order to change to any position, had dropped it for the time. If directed, I will move out a brigade, or move in the morning at daylight, to the positions, or one of them, indicated in my sketch. General Williams was personally over the line just before me, and I was informed was moving a brigade there or looking for a camp for one.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 15-2 a. m.

Your note has been referred to the major-general commanding, who directs me to reply that he did not suppose that his order would be required to occupy a line of work which he had directed to be established. The only possible use such a line could be if not occupied would be to drive him upon the one we did occupy. The general desires you to place as many troops on the new line as is necessary to hold it.

C. O. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 14, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: A deserters who has just come into my lines reports the enemy about to retreat across the Chattahoochee; says they are ordered to march at midnight. They can now be heard chopping near the roads in my front, as if barricading the roads. I have taken steps to learn the truth as early as practicable, and will press the mat daylight if I find the moving. Will also give you any further information I may obtain.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

