HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Lost Mountain, Ga., June 14, 1864 - 10.40 p. m.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Cox reports that a rebel deserter has just come into his lines whom stated that the enemy is evacuating, and that his pickets in front of your line have already been withdrawn. The deserter says he came through the enemy's line in front of your position. The commanding general desires you to have your pickets ascertain the facts in the case as soon as practicable, and watch the enemy closely all night. Please report the result of their observations to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Marietta, Ga., June 14, 1864.

Major CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

MAJOR: From information get from eight deserters from the First Georgia Rebel Regiment, who came into my lines yesterday and gave themselves up, I don't know but that it would be possible for me to storm and carry a portion of the enemy's line in my front if the general thinks it of sufficient importance to warrant the necessary expenditure of life and limb. Some of them say there is a division in my front, and others a brigade. General Mercer is in command of them. I am not sufficiently conversant with General Sherman's plan of operations now to judge of the propriety or impropriety of trying to make an advance at this point. In case it is thought best for to make the effort, I would suggest that General Cox be instructed to make a strong demonstration in his front to operate as a diversion in my favor. If the general should think it advisable for me to make the effort, I would like to have him ride over here if his business will permit, in order that I may consult with his more fully. Please answer by bearer.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 14, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: General Thomas will have in position to-night a couple of batteries which he intends to have in use. The general commanding directs me to give you notice, so that, you hearing them, it will not be occasion of alarm.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

