HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 14, 1864.

Major-GeneraL McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that General Thomas will have a couple of batteries in position and probably pretty busy firing during the night. In noticing it you will know what it is and not think it an alarm.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, June 14, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have nothing to report except the information I gave you in all my previous reports is confirmed by every prisoner and deserter who comes within my camp, viz, that the infantry of the enemy is in force on the Lovingood Bridge and Marietta road three miles in front of the Big Shanty road, and that the line of works extends to the Marietta and Canton road, and that the bulk of their cavalry is on the right of this line around the base of Brush Mountain, guarding all the roads in this vicinity. Our cavalry pickets are in sight and constantly exchange shots. Deserters say that there are rumors in the army that Johnston is falling back, but you must know if such is the case. My patrols have been to Lovingood's and north of the Etowah, and that company has been dispersed several days ago. Two of them, who had thrown away their arms and hid in houses, have been captured. My foraging parties go from camp ten miles to the rear and flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 14, 1864 - 12 m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Watch the movements of the enemy's cavalry closely. Reliable information has been received that five barrels of turpentine were ordered up from Marietta this morning for General Jackson. This would seem to indicate that some raid on our communication was intended.

Truly, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Inconsequence of the repulse of Strurgis by Forrest in North Mississippi,your will hold your command at Huntsville until further orders. You will, however, have everything in readiness to move upon short notice.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

