
a. m. The main body will move down the main road toward Dalton, and occupy Varnell's Station, if practicable, without any considerable engagement. Should you find the enemy in considerable force at or near Varnell's Station you will cross the hills toward Ringgold and communicate with the commanding general at the head of the infantry column or, in his absence, to Brigadier-General Cox, commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, which will move at the same time on the main road to Catoosa Springs, leaving the railroad near General Cox's present headquarters, passing by Thatcher's and Ellidge's Mill; thence to Doctor Lee's on the main road from Varnell's Station to Ringgold, at the same time keeping your force in observation of the enemy. If you succeed in occupying Varnell's Station, establish strong outposts and pickets on all the roads leading south and east from Varnell's Station, and immediately open communication with our cavalry in the direction of Ringgold. Report then by courier to the commanding general. Send two squadrons to report to Brigadier-General Cox, commanding Third Division, to move in advance of the infantry column, and send Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow, with his command, down the road, which leads near the railroad, with instructions to scout on all the roads between those on which the columns of infantry and cavalry move until he reaches the main road from Varnell's Station to Ringgold, when he will open communication with the heads of the infantry and cavalry columns, and watch all roads leading south. Send two squadrons of cavalry to report to the commanding officer of the infantry regiment left at this point to protect the workmen engaged in rebuilding the railroad, and to cover the movement of supplies to the front. These squadrons will remain till further orders. Your train will move with the corps train as far as Burke's Mill, and then proceed as indicated already in your orders received from General McCook.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

KINGSTON, May 6, 1864.

(Via Loudon.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The leading regiment, the Twelfth Kentucky, arrived here last night, two more will be in to-day, and the three will be across the Tennessee River to-night; the other three ought to be in to-morrow and the day after, and the whole over the river day after to-morrow night. I shall endeavor not to sacrifice the animals to my desire to get through. We are in the lightest possible marching order, and numbered when we left 3,810 strong. I think I had better remain here until all the command comes up, but will push on and join you if thought best; there is plenty of forage here.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RINGGOLD, May 6, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Chattanooga:

Meet one of my staff officers at Gordon's Mills this evening at sundown, I will send written orders and want a written reply. Get your troops to

