
Schofield's right. The cavalry of Generals McPherson will be active on our extreme left, and, if possible, effect a lodgment on the ridge between Brush and Kenesaw Mountains. The cavalry of General Thomas and Schofield will be active on our extreme right, toward and beyond Lost Mountain. General Stoneman will, if possible, about noon effect a lodgment on the Lost Mountain.

II. About noon General McPherson will, with infantry and artillery, make a demonstration from his left flank toward the enemy's right, but will not assault his works; and General Schofield will make a similar strong demonstration at a point in front of General Cox's division, south strong demonstration at a point in front of General Cox's division, south of Pine Hill. Either of these of these may be converted into a real movement if the army commander can make a lodgment on any commanding ground to his present front.

III. About 2 p. m. General Thomas will move a strong well-appointed column of attack and break the enemy's center at a point east of Pine Hill and west of Kenesaw, where in his judgment the changes of success are best. The object being to make a lodgment on the ridge commanding those hills from which the waters flow toward the Chattahoochee. All should be prepared to follows up the advantages if gaines, and the enemy show disorder. Time is important to us and we must make the best of it.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

IN THE FIELD, June 15, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

(Received 12 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

I will have the matter of Sturgis critically examined, and, if he be at fault, he shall have no mercy at my hands. I cannot but believe he had troops enough. I know I would have been willing to attempt the same task with that force; but Forrest is the very devil, and I think he has got some of our troops under cover. I have two officers at memphis that will fight all the time - A. J. Smith and Mower. The latter is a young brigadier of fine promise, and I commenced him to your notice. I will order them to make up a force and go out and follow Forrest to the death, if it cost 10,000 lives and breaks the Treasury. There never will be peace in Tennessee till Forrest is dead. We killed Bishop Polk yesterday, and have made good progress to-day, of which I will make a full report as soon as one of my aides comes from the extreme right flank. General Grant may rest easy that Joe Johnston will not trouble him, if I can help it by labor or thought.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 15, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

After the long storm has cleared away I examined carefully our whole front, and found the enemy occupying the series of broken ridges and hill which forms the water-shed between the Etowah and Chattahoochee, embracing three prominent peaks, Kenesaw, Pine Hill, and Lost Mountain. Pine Hill is about four miles southwest of Kene-

