
in person to-night. I am just in; left the field at 7.50. All quiet on my front. Some skirmishing on Howard's lines. My skirmishers succeeded in getting possession of all the rebel works on the west side of the valley which runs south from Davis' right, and have crossed the open fields. Our artillery, I think, will now reach the rebel camps behind the southwest spur of the mountain. Two batteries are ordered to open upon them at daylight. My lines are double, with a brigade in reserve to each division.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

PINE HILL, June 15, 1864 - 4.45 p. m.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you intrench yourself where you are and endeavor to retain what ground you have gained. I was misinformed upon leaving Pine Hill when going to you about the Fourth Corps having capturing the enemy's breast-works. He has not done so, but appears to be working west toward you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, June 15, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires that early to-morrow morning you will find as many positions as possible for batteries to bear upon the enemy's breast-works and endeavor to destroy them, or at least render them untenable.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Howard.)
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth corps:

COLONEL: We have the enemy's line of works for some distance beyond the open field, running nearly north and south. The general inclination of my line is north and south, facing east. A shot from the artillery on the hill was directed against my men and came near them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.- Ground contested on my right.

