
munication in reference to it, informing you that Pine Mountain was in our possession, and push as far as possible on roads leading to it. The first order was sent at 6.30 a. m., the second at 7.25 a. m.

The following is an extract from order of General Sherman:

The cavalry of Generals Thomas and Schofield will be active on our extreme right, toward and below Lost Mountain. General Stoneman will if possible, about noon, effect a lodgment on the Lost Mountain.

Your division was to operate on extreme right, as contained in order of General Sherman. The above was to take place to-day. Colonel Dorr has just left this place, saying no order had been received to march when he left - about 9 a. m. Did you give Colonel D[orr] permission to come this far from camp?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD, GA., June 15, 1864 - 6.25 p. m.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dept. of the Cumberland:

SIR: I received the copy of order of General Sherman, dated June 14, ordering "that the cavalry of Generals Thomas and Schofield will be active on our extreme right toward and below Lost Mountain." A few minutes afterward I received your order, dated 7.20 the 15th, stating that the enemy had evacuated Pine Hill, and you push your scouts as far as possible in the direction designated in the order of this morning, dated 14th. I judgment from this that you desired the main body of my command to remain, covering the roads where it now, and scouting parties only to be sent in the directions indicated. Consequently I sent but about 250 men out, and in doing so, judged that I was fulling both the letter and spirit of your order. I send you a copy of the order of the chief of cavalry, and think upon reperusal of it he will agree with me in thinking that I placed the natural construction upon the order by disposing my force as I did. I hope my failure to move has not, nor will not, result in any serious harm. I have served under the general commanding long enough for him to know that every order I receive is carried out to the best of amy ability, promptly and faithfully. I can only report that I misunderstood this one, as I certainly desirer to take to-day's action. I can move my command out to-night or at daylight in the morning. Be kind enough to send me instructions by the special messenger who brings this. I gave Colonel Dorr permission to visit your headquarters and the front.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ACWORTH, GA., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

My scouting parties are returned; report no enemy found on any of the roads, except road leading from Cartersville to Dallas. Small parties of the enemy were found there, and yesterday a regiment is

