
reported to have passed from Burnt Hickory and returned on road to Cartersville. Some of their flankers were on this side of the Pumpkin Vine. They reported by citizen that Wheeler's headquarters were now in Dallas. A scouting party which went out on Powder Springs road met the enemy's skirmishers to right of Stoneman's line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Shanty, Ga., June 15, 1864 - 9.45 p. m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that unless otherwise ordered you move to-morrow morning with your entire effective mounted force in the direction of Lost Mountain. Your position will be on the extreme right of the army, and your movements will be governed by the movements of the army and the south of its guns.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, Ga., June 15, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD,

Mount Olive Church:

DEAR GENERAL: In further explanation of my orders of the day I will add: I will be with General McPherson up to near noon; after that with General Thomas' troops near Howard's left or Palmer's right on the Burnt Hickory road. Of course, if an assault must be made on the enemy's lines it devolves rightfully on the strongest army, and where it will do most good. A break sufficient for me to pass the head of two columns about midway between Kenesaw and Pine Mountain will be best, although, if possible, one near the Sandtown road would be very good. Of course the enemy is strongest on his right, and I doubt whether his left exceeds one division and some cavalry. I infer from an intercepted dispatch that Jackson's cavalry is sent, or will be to-day, on an errand to our rear. Now, if you can mask a column anywhere about Cox's left as near the Sandtown road as possible, and post it under cover, and secure some hill that will enable you to approach nearer the enemy than you now are, will be a great point gained, and I prefer you should work in your own way, but try to draw to your extreme right flank as much of the enemy's as you can first. A brigade passing over the barricade near Geary Davis' house, had seen to the enemy, and deploying well off to your right toward Lost Mountain, taking all the cover possible, and moving about with considerable eccentricity, would have the desired effect; whilst the real column, as also that of Stoneman, should act as much under cover as possible. A couple of brigades could hold your lines against any probable attack. Although I did not clearly see the ground yesterday I inferred that the skirmishing party you sent out the first day had crossed the main Allatoona Creek. The lodgment, unless made across east of Allatoona

