
Creek, would not improve your present position, but it is manifest your lines where they now are do not threaten the enemy. He must regard them as precautionary or defensive, and therefore is at liberty to draw off from that quarter everything but skirmishing. To lessen the force in front of Thomas you should, before 2 p. m., force the enemy to strengthen that part of his line at the expense of his center. Of course the position at Hardshell Church is your chief aim, but as that may be, and is doubtless, impossible now, I prefer one anywhere about the head of one of the branches of Allatoona Creek, between Hardshell and Hurrt's. I have just learned that Howard is in possession of Pine Hill. This makes our movement more easy and necessary.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 15, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I am in close support of General Hooker's right; carried the enemy's front line on our right early to-day, and have since been confronting a superior force. General Hooker's movements has thrown one of my divisions into reserve; the other connects with his right and is participating in his present engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 15, 1864 5.20 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have the enemy's first line, and I am preparing to push forward as rapidly as possible. The enemy appears in his second line.

SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 15, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I sent one of Hascall's brigades this a. m. through the woods on his right, and one of Cox's through the strip of woods in front of his center near the Sandtown road; both columns covered by artillery fire. They carried the enemy's first line without serious difficulty, capturing quite a large number of prisoners. Hascall's division very soon developed the enemy's second line along the ridges connecting with Lost Mountain and occupied in strong force. He was compelled to wait until the troops on his left advanced to the attack.

General Hooker's movement this evening, converging toward the same point with my two divisions, left Cox's division (same one brigade in reserve, and Hascall connected with him and joined in the attack,

