
with no advantage, so far as I know, beyond what had already been gained. I have not yet heard from Stoneman relative to his movement toward Lost Mountain. Cox's division being now in reserve in the works which we took from the enemy this morning, I propose to move it to-morrow morning to my right, unless you otherwise direct. In the present position the enemy's line extends much beyond my right.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 15, 1864.]

Major-General SHERMAN:

The enemy in full retreat in my front. I hold the high ridge connecting with Lost Mountain.

SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS, SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Lost Mountain, Ga., June 15, 1864 - 6 a. m.

MAJOR: After the receipt of the general's note last night, I sent two staff officers out on the skirmish line to press forward the skirmishers if possible and ascertain whether the enemy had left. Every effort to do so found the enemy in as large as ever. They staid there till daylight, and came in satisfied that the enemy, instead of abandoning his works in my front, is there in as strong force as ever and is every night strengthening his works. Another deserter rom the Sixty-third Georgia Regiment, who came into lines about 2 last night, confirms this latter view. One of my men belonging to the Twentieth Kentucky Regiment deserters to the enemy last night. He has formerly belonged to the rebel army. I am not informed how intelligent he is or how dangerous he will be to us; will examine into the matter more fully.

Yours, truly,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[JUNE 15, 1864.]

General SHERMAN:

Everything goes well so far. We have taken the hill in front of our left, and captured about 200 prisoners. I can see the smoke and hear the firing of Garrard's guns about east.

McPHERSON,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Shanty, June 15, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with Spacial Field Orders, No 25, headquarters military division, a strong demonstration and reconnaissance will be made toward the enemy's right flank to-day. You will, therefore,

