
BIG SHANTY, GA., June 15, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps;

Your dispatch received, and I have submitted it to the major-general commanding. He directs me to say that you will communicate with the forces on your right and will fortify and hold such positions as you have which are tenable. Brigadier-General Osterhaus' division, on your left, has taken up an advanced position, but may not be able to form a continuous line with your position in the orchard or the woods beyond, owing to the nature of the grounds. But possibly the intervening space can be swept by the fire of artillery and infantry from the rear. If your think after getting the position of the forces on your right and left that you can hold your advanced position, do so. If not, fall back with your main line to your original position this forenoon and hold the advance with a strong line of skirmishers, who can fall back if hard pressed. The general, though desirous of occupying the attention of the enemy in your front and keeping him busy, does not propose to assault the enemy's works at the base of Kenesaw Mountain. Instruct your pickets to be particularly vigilant and listen attentively for anything indicating a movement of the enemy, and try to determine its import and direction, and not to fire though they hear noises, unless the enemy is advancing.

Yours, truly,

JAS B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, June 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

As I found Colonel Howe ready to march on my arrival I have no doubt he thought that the order relieving him here and ordering him to report to you meant to march to Huntsville. As I have no idea of the course you would take to join the Army of the Tennessee, it did not occur to me to suggest to him that you might take this route. My non-interference has probably been considered by him as an approval of his action.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The command belonging to Fifteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps left at 9 a. m.

JAS. L. MURRAY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITESBURG, ALA., June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

There was been some rebel cavalry seen on the south side of the river to-night. I wish to send patrols above and below here to-morrow. Will we be ordered to move that day?

The gun-boat has not arrived.

C. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

