
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 1. Chattanooga, Tenn., June 15, 1864.

I. Pursuant to paragraph I, Special Field Orders, Numbers 22, Military Division of the Mississippi, dated June 2, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumed command of the District of the Etowah, comprised as follows of the country from Bridgeport to Allatoona, including Cleveland, Rome, and the country east as far as controlled by the Federal troops,

II. The reports and returns of effective and aggregate strength of the several commands and detachments now garrisoning the district will be made to these headquarters, as required by existing orders; but this order will not relieve such commanding officers from making regular returns and reports to their respective superior commanders.

III. Captain S. B. Moe, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is announced as assistant adjutant-general on duty at these headquarters. He will be respected accordingly.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 16, 1864.

(Received 11.20 a. m. 17th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have made the necessary orders through General McPherson to inquire well into the Sturgis matter; also to send as large a force again as he can to get on Forrest's trail, and harass him and the country through which he passes. We must destroy him if possible. Johnston is getting militia from the extreme south to man his extensive lines at Marietta and Atlanta, as well as along the Chattahoochee, which gives him his three corps for maneuvers, and a large force of cavalry, which he designs to use against our communications. It is important that the Gulf fleet, with a small land force, threaten Mobile and the country about saint Mark's and the mouth of the Appalachicola. Could not the Secretary of the navy order this, and Canby spare a small force (one brigade) for this purpose?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 16, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m. 17th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

General Thomas did not make the progress last night I expected. He found the enemy strongly intrenched on a line slightly advanced from a slight line connecting Lost Mountain and Kenesaw. I have been along it to-day, and am pressing up close. Shall study it, and am now inclined to feign on both flanks and assault the center. It may cost us dear but in results would surpass an attempt to pass around. The enemy has a strong position and covers his roads well, and the only weak part if his game is in having the Chattahoochee to his rear. If, by assaulting, I can break his line, I see no reason why it would not produce a decisive effect. I know that he shifts his troops about to meet our supposed attacks and thereby fatigues his men, and the woods will enable me to mask our movements.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

