HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 16, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

General THOMAS:

General Stanley took possession of the knob intermediate between General Hooker and himself, and intrenched a battery and brigade. General Newton advanced a battery and brigade to his skirmish line on the left side, already intrenched. To-night Generals Stanley and Newton will connect their two points by their front line. Some portion of the proposed line is yet in dispute, our skirmishers only occupying one part of the ridge. Captain Simonson, General Stanley's chief of artillery, was killed in the advance works. He has just constructed one of the embrasures. We deeply mourn the loss of so thorough an officer.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 16, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Brigadier-General NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division:

Please call up your brigade and regimental commanders and instruct them in the movements to be made to-night, and which must be made in connection with Colonel Grose, on your right. Blaze well the trees, indicating the line of movement and the position to be taken, and have them well acquainted with the same. Every gun that can be will be put in position, concentrating on the enemy's works at a point about south from your center.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Pine Hill, Ga., June 16, 1864. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you will adopt some plan, and build to-night some protection for your sharpshooters. He thinks that in each case by cutting three logs about eight feet and a half long, eighteen inches in diameter, and placing them in the ground upright like a stockade, with an aperture in the center to fire through, a much greater degree of safety will be insured. You will adopt the plan that is most feasible, but they must be constructed to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 16, 1864 - 1.10 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: Since writing you last I have got my brigades in line and relieved General Knipe. By taking my regiments from the right of the

