
road I am enabled to have a brigade in reserve but nothing back where we were to-day for the trains. General Schofield has put in one regiment on my right, its left resting on the road and refused to right and rear to cover my flank. His division that was to have cover my right I learn has fallen back to their breast-works. Coburn is well intrenched, reaching from the road on my right to Ward's left. Ward got lost and had been slow in getting in position but will soon be intrenched. My skirmishers and enemy's, ad well as our lines on the right, are very close, and there is a good deal of firing. The enemy were reported giving commands to "fall in" and hour or so ago, and wagons, one or two, heard to move, but in which direction or where, I could not learn. The movement, if any, was not a very large one, perhaps a regiment or brigade for picket or work. They have considerable artillery posted in my front. I shall try early to-morrow to post batteries to silence them.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 16, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that we are within about 1,500 or 2,000 yards of Lost Mountain. The top of it is full of rebel cavalry, and fortified, how strongly I can't tell. It would be impossible to effect a lodgment from this side I think. I will try the flanks if the infantry advances.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Lost Mountain, June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I found the north side of Lost Mountain entirely inaccessible. They opened four guns from intrenchments on the top of the mountain on my skirmishers about 3 p. m., which were silenced by a section of my battery. Two regiments, Fourth Indiana and First Tennessee, got inside of first line of barricades on west side of mountain, but could get no farther. Late in the evening part of their lines were occupied by their infantry; so reported by Major Helveti. I will try to get in the rear of their lines to-morrow morning while General Stoneman demonstrates in their front. Their position is strong, and their force much larger than mine, and I do not feel sanguine of accomplishing any material result, but think that I can annoy them excessively and attract their attention to this end of their line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

