
KINGSTON, June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant HOW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Chief of Cavalry:

Yesterday Captain Hayes, Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, destroyed three bridges between railroad bridge and Canton, encountering and driving off a small rebel party from Field's Bridge. Wuiet along railroad.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 16, 1864 - 2.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Yours of 8 p. m. 15th is just to hand, and I am directed by the general commanding to say that he does not wish your right extended, but to hold General Cox's division, as you report it, i. e., in reserve. Instead of conforming your lines to that of the enemy, rather converge and break his at some point. Learn of General Stoneman and report as early as possible.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 16, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: I have your dispatch of 2.30 a. m. expressing the commanding general's wishes as to the disposition of my troops.

General Stoneman reports that his cavalry passed along the foot of Lost Mountain on the northern side until they met the enemy in such force as to render farther progress impossible. Another force attempted to ascend the mountain from the south, but failed to reach the summit. I will endeavor to break the enemy's line this morning if I can find a point at which an assault can be made with fair prospect of success. The ground in my front, so far as I have been able to see it, is very unfavorable, and is held in strong force. I have every reason to believe that my demonstration during yesterday brought to my front a very large force, as was expected; hence, General Hooker in his attack struck that point of the enemy's lines which was then the strongest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 16, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: Continue to work toward the lower Marietta road, aiming to reach nearly the same point that Thomas heads for, viz, Hurt's, but with small detachment and skirmishers; keep all the time feeling over about Lost Mountain. It is not necessary to keep up connected lines.

