HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Big Shanty, June 16, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Logan is directed to relieve the right brigade of Brigadier-General Gresham's division. As soon as this brigade is relieved, you will post it so as to strengthen the weakest part of your lines.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 16, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Gresham, commanding Fourth Division, for his information.

Upon being relieved this brigade will be moved to the left of the Fourth Division and placed in position.

By order of Major-General Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, June 16, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The order of Major-General Rousseau, directing me to relieve the forces of the Army of the Tennessee in this district, was compiled with at once. The troops which were here, left yesterday for Huntsville, en route for the front. The withdrawal of those troops leaves but a small and inefficient command, except three regiments, to guard this post, and the line of road between here and Stevenson. Roddey is now, no doubt, at Bear Creek, and believed to be in communication with the forces of Forrest, reported there to retard the movements of a Federal force moving south into Alabama. As soon as his services can be disponed with there, it is reported he proposes to cross the river, somewhere between this post and Florence, at least this is the impression with his men. Roddey's force is variously estimated from 2.500 to 3,000 men; and that, united with some independent battalions in our front, he can increase it to 4,000. If he should attack our long thin line, I do not see how I could defend it with the forces now at my disposal.

I would again respectfully suggest that the general commanding forward to me with as little delay as possible the brigade of Tennessee cavalry which he promised to send here. I feel satisfied that they can do more service here than in any other portion of the State. If the general concludes to send this brigade of cavalry to this district, I request that it be ordered to report to me and be at my disposal. I will then hold myself responsible that Roddey makes no impression upon our roads. I conceive that our policy is to hunt up the enemy had fight him wherever w find him; not wait for him at our posts.

Roddey, who has been operating in front of this post for some months, has been constantly assailing our picket-line or crossing some small

32 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

