
forces to attack our unguarded posts. He has decidedly had the advantage of this initiative policy. I am satisfied if I have a small movable force I can so constantly threaten him that he could not permit his force to be divided. But to do this I should have mounted men. I had projected an expedition to Courtland before I learned that Roddey had gone to Bear Creek.

Since writing the above, Colonel Howe's brigade, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, has been ordered to return to this post, and here await further orders. There is a reason for this which I believe would not be proper to state in this communication. This brigade will probably compose a part of the garrison at this post. Its return strengthens the suggestions I have made above. I sent out a party last night, which found the advance guard of enemy some seven miles from this post, scattered them, capturing 6 men and 9 horses. The men represent themselves as belonging to Patterson's command, they say about 250 strong, which was camped for the night some miles farther on road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS,

June 16, 1864 - 10.30 p. m. (Received 3.30 a. m. 17th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Skirmishing and artillery firing along the whole front to-day, and our lines advanced slightly and made stronger. General Sherman worked it, and has been hammering at them to find the soft spot, which seems to be hard to find. No assault yet.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 17, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

By last night we had worked so close to Johnston's center that he saw that the assault must follow. He declined it, and abandoned Lost Mountain, and some six miles of as good field-works as i ever saw. My right and center are, in consequence, swung forward so that my right now threatens his railroad to Atlanta. I worked hard to-day to get over to that road, but the troops seem timid in these dense forests of stumbling on a hidden breast-work. I therefore simply report good progress to-day, some hundred prisoners, and but few lives lost. We begin to find more fields and cleared land. McPherson still faces Kenesaw, covering our railroad. General Thomas is on a curved line from Kenesaw, around to where the Sandtown road forks off from the lower road from Dallas to Marietta, and Schofield is massed on the Sandtown road, head of column at Noyes' Creek. Enemy still holds Kenesaw in force, and lies back of Noyes' Creek, near the Atlanta road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

