
this. General Stevenson reports from Decatur that Roddey is still hanging around with his force, but is getting short of provisions and forage. Forrest is reported to have left Jackson last Tuesday morning in the direction of Corinth. Most of Polk's forces, he says, are at Tuscaloosa and fortifying on the east side of the Black Warrior.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, May 6, 1864.

Colonel SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and

Major-General McPHERSON:

Captain Tramel, First Alabama Cavalry, who has been for past month in interior of Alabama, arrived this morning; reports most of Pok's command at Tuscaloosa fortifying on east side of Black Warrior; enemy seem to be concentrating at that place; says the country below is filled with deserters. Roddey, with his command, is still in my front, but is on short supplies, both of provisions and forage. Forrest is reported to have left Jackson last Tuesday and moved in direction of Corinth. This morning 100 recruits and deserters entered our lines. Every day we have caravans and refugees arriving in great destitution. I send them North as rapidly as possible. Most of them are families of soldiers in our service.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Commanding at Decatur:

GENERAL: What is the appearance and condition of matters about you? Has Gresham arrived at Athens?

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, May 6, 1864.

General JOHN E. SMITH,

Huntsville:

Roddey is still in my front. Every day and night tries to drive in my pickets, but as yet without success. Gresham wrote me by courier yesterday; he arrived at Clifton on 30th; from his letter I think he is still there. He said he would keep me advised, of everything of interest. I supposed the brigades as they arrive would successively march to the front. Have you anything from the front?

J. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

