HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 17, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Hardshell, or Golgotha, Church is about 300 yards from he right of my line. Schofield's troops fill the road, but we can soon cut a way through to that point. I will have a road cut through parallel to the Sandtown road, and through the enemy's breast-works to Golgotha, or Hardshell, Church. The prisoners we got report the enemy commenced their movement last evening, just after firing three rounds from their artillery. I can make little of the roads near Hardshell Church, or where it was (nothing but the benches left). It would be desirable that some one familiar with the locality should be sent to me when I am ordered to move. The various roads and paths made by the enemy obscure the thing so that it is hard to tell which road goes where Schofield seems to be operating to the right of Sandtown road. I can't discover anything but a few cavalrymen in his front.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

I am trying to gobble an inhabitant, if possible, who can point out roads.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 17, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: Colonel Coburn reports that an officer from General Williams' division informed his officer of outposts that a wagon train with quite a body of infantry of the enemy was seen moving to our right, their left, this p. m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lost Mountain Post-Office, June 17, 1864-1 p. m.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I moved my force this morning to the rear of Lost Mountain, while General Stoneman moved a brigade of his to the front. Both arrived about the same time; Colonel Adams' brigade had gained possession first as the enemy had evacuated it. They had strong works here. Lieutenant Shaw says you desire my division to cover the roads leading to our rear toward Acworth, &c. There are so many roads intersecting the roads to Acworth and Sandtown, and Marietta road, and the other roads in our rear, that the only way to command them would be fore me to move my force back to the neighborhood of Harris' house. Unless they have a cavalry force in Dallas, I think no danger is to be anticipated in our rear. A sufficient infantry force at Acworth would provide against it. In any event, I will await orders here.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

