
rietta. There is also another road, called the Villa Rica road, which turns of the Marietta half a mile this side of this one. So far as any of my command went both roads were good. A detachment of mine captured two hospitals on the Marietta and Dallas road, containing a colonel, 3 captains, 1 lieutenant, 35 enlisted men, 14 nurses, and 2 surgeons.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KINGSTON, GA., June 17, 1864.

Lieutenant HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following information I deem of sufficient importance to communicate for information of general commanding, the report coming from two deserters who came into Calhoun, viz: Wheeler is making preparations for a raid on railroad between Dalton and Cleveland. Has been re-enforced by Mississippi cavalry. Do not know how much, but know that Chalmers' has come. Wheeler told Hardee he intended to make a raid, and horses have been inspected for that purpose. Route to be probably through vicinity of Jasper. Wheeler's scouts hired themselves to railroad division masters and obtained information as to strength of our forces along road, &amp;c., and names of railroad agents. Rebel force consists of nine brigades, as follows: General J. T. Morgan, General Iverson, General Williams, General Dibrell, Colonel T. H. Mauldin, General Kelly, besides Chalmers' division from Mississippi. I have names of scouts or spies. Events now transpiring may change this program, if such it be; but I have thought best to communicate the report. Reports accumulate of some movement by enemy. All right along line.

W. W. LOWE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 17, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy abandoned his position at Hardshell Church in the night, and my troops now occupy it. I will push forward this morning in accordance with yesterday's orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 17, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: All right. Hold Lost Mountain and favorable points on the ridges toward the east. Also cover Hascall's flank, and push the enemy until you find his new position. I think he will meet us again behind Noyes' Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

