
alry had been in that neighborhood, but left yesterday morning. The few citizens and boys who could be found by the lieutenant agreed and confirmed this story.

I am, very respectfully,

W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Brigadier General P. Joseph Osterhaus, temporarily in front lines.)
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 17, 1864-5.15 a. m.

General LEGGETT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that the enemy is reported to be leaving the front of Hooker and Howard, who are now occupying his line of works. The major-general commanding desires you to keep a sharp lookout and report promptly any movement in your front.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 17, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE C. ROGERS,

Commanding, Allatoona:

It is reported that about 2,200 enemy's cavalry have crossed the Etowah River. Look out for them. Protect Allatoona Pass and the bridge. You are not expected to guard Cartersville. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson;

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,June 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you at sketch* of the roads, &c., of this vicinity. I have been on the line all day examining the creek, and can, if you have occasion, lead the infantry out of view and put them over the Noonday Creek and onto the Canton and Marietta road. Where the bridge is marked destroyed the creek has been made straight by ditching and bad crossing, but can be bridged in half an hour, it not being over twenty feet across. On the road leading out from Wynn's there is a good bridge, but the ground is high on the opposite bank and is strongly guarded. The rebels are building earth-works on the Bell's Ferry road in my front and on the Big Shanty and Roswell Factory road. Any movement would be seen, and the troops would be within shell-fire of the rebels' batteries. To-morrow I will make a demonstration in my front. I think it best not to draw attention until the proper time to the point where we wish to cross, as there is a strong picket force

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

