
along the creek. When the infantry crosses it would be best, after I secured the crossing, for them to move around on the left down the Trickum road and try to capture all cavalry which will be cut off by the infantry between them and Doctor McAfee's. I think there will be a little difficulty in getting over the creek and I can easily clear the way, but if I do so now it will be very hard for me to hold my position and keep up my communications, but when the time comes I think it will be easy for me to secure the crossing so as to cause no delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 17, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Allatoona, Kingston, Resaca, and Chattanooga:

It is reported a force of the enemy's cavalry, numbering 2,500, have crossed the Etowah north of here destined on a raid. Look out for them.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

KINGSTON, GA., June 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MILWARD,

Commanding Post, Ringgold, Ga.:

If you deem it necessary to make the road safe between Ringgold and Dalton you can hold the troops sent from the exchange camp at Chattanooga a few days, leaving a good guard on the train. Eight hundred rebel cavalry reported to be between you and Cleveland.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EVANSVILLE, IND., June 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The guns, officers, and stores are at Bridgeport for the gun-boats. We are ready to take charge of them as soon as you issue the necessary orders to turn them over to the Navy. We are very short of men. Can you transfer enough from the Army to the Navy to man them? Will require sixty to each boat. Admiral Porter has authorized me to receive men at Bridgeport in place of at Cairo as directed by the last General Orders, Numbers 91, War Department.

LEROY FITCH,

Commanding.

CAMP NEAR NOYES' CREEK, June 17, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 10.35 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

To-day the Army of the Cumberland advanced its right about three miles, swinging upon its left as pivot, and Schofield's command on ex-

