
not lead. I's afraid I swore, and said what I should not, but I got them started, but instead of reaching the Atlanta road back of Marietta, which is Johnston's center, we only got to a creek to the south of it by night, and now a heavy rain stops us and gives time to fortify a new line. Still I have all the high and commanding ground, but the one peak near Marietta, which I can turn. We have had an immense quantity of rain, from June 2 to 14, and now it is raining as though it had no intention ever to stop. The enemy's cavalry sweeps all round us, and is now to my rear somewhere. The wires are broken very often, but I have strong guards along the road which make prompt repairs. Thus far our supplies of food have been good, and forage moderate, and we have found growing wheat, rye, oats, &amp;c. You may go on with the full assurance that I will continue to press Johnston as fast as I can overcome the natural obstacles and inspire motion into a large, ponderous, and slow (by habit) army. Of course it cannot keep up with my thoughts and wishes, but no impulse can be given it that I will not guide.

As ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 18, 1864-7.30 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Nothing new to-day. It has been raining in torrents all day, and still rains. Should General Grant want me to hasten events at any time, let me know and I will push spite of weather.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Present:

GENERAL: The lines were broken near the Etowah last night; 1 picket killed and 1 wounded. I suppose it was done to keep messages from here during some raid by the enemy's cavalry. Last evening I telegraphed to the commanding officers at Allatoona, Kingston, Resaca, and Chattanooga to be watchful, as the enemy had sent a force of cavalry across the Etowah this side of Canton. Heavy firing of artillery to the southeast from Allatoona is reported, but is not heard at Acworth. I have occasionally heard the distant sounds, but cannot fix the locality. Is there any heavy firing off toward McCook or Schofield?

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 18, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: As soon as the weather will permit, I propose we shall attack and drive the enemy's left flank. I propose that General Scho-

