
field shall move in strong column down the Sandtown road, and vary his course to the right or left until he find the flank; that you move, as it were, on a grand "left wheel" in the order your troops now stand. Draw from Palmer division by division, giving, if possible, McPherson notice when the last division (Davis') is called out of position, that he may dispose accordingly. McPherson has orders to watch well the effect on the enemy, and at the first possible chance to push forward on the line of the railroad and main Marietta road, break through the enemy, and pursue him, or secure position on the commanding ridge over which these roads pass. It is barely possible that McPherson may be called on, also, to re-enforce your movement by coming by his right flank, and I have possibly be obviated, I do not wish to uncover Big Shanty and our railroad.

I have just received Howard's report, by signal, that he has carried two lines of the enemy and has his batteries up within 200 yards of his main line. I am very anxious to ascertain at the earliest possible moment if the enemy has any part of his main line this side of Noyes' Creek, and would like Palmer to feel forward with a very heavy line of skirmishers and supports until he finds the earth-works along the base of Kenesaw south of the railroad. Dodge and Osterhaus are up close to the base north of the railroad; but last night I followed Davis' pickets, and, though advanced during yesterday, they appeared to me still a long distance back from Kenesaw. I suppose Hooker to be west of Mud Creek and near its mouth, and that Howard is near Doctor Ballinger's or Widow Ballinger's, and Palmer is from Britt's to Jack Smith's. What we want, then, is the ground from Cheatham's to Latimore's, Brand's, and Wallace's.

My impression is the enemy's best forts will be found where the rail and main Marietta roads pass around the north end of Kenesaw along the north base of Kenesaw to some point behind Noyes' Creek, and then along back of Noyes' Creek indefinitely. Until Schofield develops the flank we should move with due caution; but the movement it is found, or we are satisfied the enemy has lengthened his line beyond his ability to defend, we must strike quick and with great energy. The weather is villainously bad, but I hope to-morrow will be clear. Send me word if you can define on our map Hooker's and Howard's positions, assuming Schofield to be on the Sandtown road near the forks.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Your dispatch received. General Howard has advanced his lines nearly a mile and a half this morning; has taken some considerable number of prisoners. There is no doubt but he is driving the enemy. General McCook last night had driven the enemy's cavalry beyond Mud Creek, within six miles of Marietta, and had captured a rebel hospital. I heard yesterday that about a regiment of the enemy's cavalry was in the vicinity of Acworth, and directed McCook to send a force to intercept them,a nd learn that General Stoneman, who was with McCook when he received my order, also ordered his brigade,

