
stationed at Allatoona, to co-operate with McCook. I have not learned anything further since the orders were sent, but I think you will find everything right in that quarter, and I very much hope to report very favorably from Howard and Hooker by night-fall. Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Your report is received, and I am directed by the general commanding to say it is satisfactory, and that it is probably impossible to do anything to-day during such a storm. Raining here a perfect torrent.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

General Howard reports that last evening, under cover of the cannonading just before sunset, he was enabled to push forward Wood's and Newton's skirmishers beyond the open fields in their front, and secure a lodgment in the edge of the woods beyond. At 11 p. m. the enemy attacked Wood's line and was repulsed; again at 1 a. m. the enemy attacked and was a second time repulsed. At 4 a. m. Wood ordered an advance of his skirmishers and developed the enemy in force in his front, and that there was heavy skirmishing in Wood's front at the time of his report, 6.30 a. m. Yesterday, under cover of the heavy firing of Osterhaus' division, General Morgan advanced his skirmishers nearly a mile and across the open fields in his front, and still holds the ground. I have directed both Generals Palmer and Howard to advance their batteries and see if they cannot drive the enemy still farther back. General Hooker was ordered last night to push the enemy this morning as much as possible in front of his position.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this evening, and say that the position of the Army of the Cumberland is as follows, General Palmer's left (Davis' division) rests upon the railroad, about a

