
quarter of a mile in advance of General Dodge's division, running thence to the head of Mud Creek. Baird's division and Newton's division, of the Fourth Corps, across Mud Creek and occupy the hills beyond. The remainder of General Howard's corps that is in line of battle is on the west side of Mud Creek. The whole of General Hooker's corps is on the north or west side of Mud Creek. General Schofield, so far as General Thomas has been able to ascertain, is on the Sandtown road. General Thomas also mentioned in a note written to you this evening that General Howard had commenced placing batteries in position, by which he thought he would be able to enfilade a portion of the enemy's works in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Palmer reports his line advanced to-day more than half a mile on his left and about a mile on his right. General Baird and his right is within 400 yards of the rebel intrenchments. He has two batteries nearly in position and will open on their works at daylight to-morrow, and he thinks he will be able to carry their works. General Howard has also advanced close up to the enemy's intrenchments in Newton's front, and Newton and Baird hold the enemy in his intrenchments and prevent him from putting out his pickets. Howard also has two batteries nearly completed which will enfilade a portion of their works. These batteries will open as soon as completed. General McCook reports having driven the enemy's cavalry across Noyes' Creek, since which time they have appeared at one or two points in his front, but have not attempted to molest him. General Hooker reports that the creek in his front is so much swollen since the rain that there was no chance for him to make an advance. Howard and Palmer have taken nearly 60 prisoners to-day.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Big Shanty, Ga., June 18, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

Your dispatches of last evening and 6.30 this morning received. The major-general commanding desires that you shelter your skirmishers as much as possible, and hold the position that you have gained; also see if you cannot get batteries in position to fire with as much success as they did yesterday, and drive them from your front again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

