HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 18, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

The skirmishers of General Hazen's brigade and Colonel Knefler's, of General Wood's division, crossed the open field last evening at dark and made a lodgment in the woods beyond. At 11 p. m. the enemy made an attack upon the lines and were repulsed. Again, at 1 a. m., the enemy tried our lines and were repulsed. At 4 a. m. General Wood ordered an advance of his skirmish line, and found the enemy in force. The skirmishers on the right and left did not advance at the same time of General Wood's. There is heavy picket-firing on our front.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Big Shanty, June 18, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel E. M. McCook, commanding First Cavalry Division, reports that he has turned the rebel left flank on the direct road from Dallas to Marietta, and captured a rebel hospital, with 1 colonel, 3 captains, 2 lieutenants, 35 enlisted men, 14 nurses,a nd 2 surgeons. The major-general commanding thinks that every opportunity that occurs to annoy them should be taken advantage of; that no rest be allowed them. This will not be constructed into an order to attack unless an attack promises good results.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Hooker.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Jack Smith's House, June 18, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Soon after my dispatch of 6.30 a. m., it was reported by one of General Wood's officers that the rebel were moving to our right, as if toward General Schofield. I directed Generals Wood and Newton to advance strong lines of skirmishers, well supported, which they did all along the lines. The skirmish line was so strong that it mounted almost to a line of battle. The advance was sudden, and an intrenched line carried opposite General Newton. It was the old line of breast-works partially evacuated yesterday morning. Newton has taken - prisoners and Wood 16.

We were already obeying your instructions of this morning. A portion of our main line is on the other side of a creek, much swollen by the rain. The rebels have tried hard to regain their ground, but have failed thus far. General Baird, at my request, has moved up to my left. The rebel line of breast-works (second line) is plainly visible about 250 yards from our advance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

