
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,
In the Field, Big Shanty, June 18, 1864.

General ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Cannot you suggest and send me a quartermaster to act as quartermaster-general in the field. The fact that Easton is the special quartermaster of one army, the Cumberland, leads to disputes and jealousies that I should not be called on the reconcile - to say what stores shall have precedence of transportation. I have gained Pine Hill and Lost Mountain, two of the salients of Johnston's line, and he still holds on to Kenesaw, which I think I can force him to abandon or come out and fight on something like equal terms.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 18, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

On account of the heavy rains I have made no movement this morning. The creeks in my front are so swollen as to be impassable in the face of the enemy. I swung in toward the east last evening, but could not get across the creek before dark. I am now in position to attack as soon as the weather and streams will permit. The ground in front of my right does not appear to be tenable to the enemy. I think his flank may be turned easily.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD,

Sandtown Road:

GENERAL: Your note is received. The day has been so terribly had that I did not expect anything. General Thomas reports Howard advanced one mile and a half, capturing "many prisoners," but I think he is not more than abreast with you or up to Noyes' Creek, back of which the enemy has evidently fallen to contract his line. Now the Sandtown road substantially is the true direction for us to attack to threaten the communications. Study the ground well, and the moment you can secure a crossing to Noyes' Creek made two or more good bridges, and get a good position of a brigade front on the hill beyond. Your formation should be a division front in two lines, with the other division in column of regiments on the right rear. Let Stoneman feel out as far as he can toward Powder Springs. Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

