HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: As soon as the weather will permit I propose to operate against the enemy's left from the position on the Sandtown road near the Darby place, which is near Noyes' Creek, and where a main Marietta road makes off with a right angle from the Sandtown road. Schofield will move substantially by the Sandtown road, varying his direction eastwardly if he finds the enemy's flank. Thomas will move directly against the enemy's left flank. Hooker is on his right, Howard center, and Palmer left.

I will instruct General Thomas to push Palmer's line forward close up to Kenesaw, and then draw off by his right flank in case his whole corps is called on, but to leave a division or brigade to cover the line, but if the enemy meets it with his whole force it may be necessary to draw out all of Palmer's corps, but this will demonstrate that the enemy's lines are weak, and no apprehension need be felt of their assuming the offensive as against you. Still, the contingency may arise that will compel your command also to move by the right flank, following as it were the movement of Palmer, although I should prefer you to advance by the direct road to Marietta. I want you, by our staff officers, to examine the ground from your right around to the place I have described as Darby's, as also to watch closely the movements of the enemy, and at the earliest possible moment to secure position forward on the ridge over which the railroad and main Marietta road passes, and pursue always in case of retreat. In any event, should you hear heavy fighting off to the right of Kenesaw, make the strongest possible demonstration on your whole front, and break through if our operations on that flank weaken the enemy.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 18, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

Both rebel signal stations on the mountain in our front are vacated on account of our shelling them.

SAML. EDGE,

Lieutenant and Chief Signal Officer, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Shanty, Ga., June 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement: About 12 o'clock last night a movement of trains was heard within the enemy's line. They seemed to be moving toward the rear and in large numbers. In addition to this, numerous fires were seen along the slope of the mountain, and bugles were heard to sound several times. This morning there is quiet along my whole front. I have delayed forwarding this information, having designed sending out a reconnoitering force

