HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., May 6, 1864.

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,Commanding Second Brigade, Larkinsville, Ala.:

COLONEL: Do you patrol between stations on your lines? Your dispatch received. All right provided you do not your line exposed. I cannot send you the cavalry.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Cairo, Ill., May 6, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,Commanding Army of Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Since my communication of yesterday, I have been informed by Captain Church, U. S. Navy, that with the present stage of water, it is impossible to get as far us the Tennessee River as Florence. I have, therefore, determined to land at Clifton, and follow the other detachments of this corps to Huntsville by the route indicated in my letter of yesterday.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Chattanooga, Tenn., May 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following statement of supplies in the Army of the Tennessee:

Each regiment of the Fifteenth Corps has three wagons, one for officers, one for the companies, and one for the medical department; each brigade headquarters two wagons; each division headquarters three wagons. The remained of the wagons were organized into supply trains and kept in camp at Chattanooga, when not hauling supplies to the corps. Some of the trains have not yet arrived at Chattanooga. Each division is supplied with fifty wagons-loads of ammunition. The Second and Fourth Divisions are supplied with ten days' rations from May 6; the First Division with days' rations from May 6. Twenty-five wagon-loads of forage have been sent to the Fourth Division, and twenty-three wagon loads to the Second Division (on May 6). The First Division train will be in to-night, May 6, for forage. Left Wing, Sixteenth Corps, is supplied as follows: Two wagons for each regiment; the remainder en route to Chattanooga, and organized a in Fifteenth Corps. Up to this time wagons have been furnished to Sixteenth Corps by the Fifteenth, and twenty wagons are now waiting here to load for that corps; forty more will be furnished to-morrow. The divisions have four days' rations from May 6. Forty wagon-loads of ammunition were sent to General Dodge's command May 6, and twenty wagon-loads

