
half ago were advanced a mile beyond the rebel breast-works; I accompanied them. The Marietta road is clear as far as can be seen. There is some fine open country in advance. No enemy were perceptible, except three cavalry. I anticipated your orders received since my return, at this moment, and had my pioneers engaged upon the bridge as soon as we occupied the ground. My reconnoitering parties have been out since shortly before daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Noyes' Creek, Ga., June 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Appearances indicate that the enemy will abandon their present position to-night. If this should be the case, the major-general commanding directs that you throw forward your reserve brigade in as close pursuit as possible over the roads in your respective fronts, supported by as large a portion of your division as can be spared.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Williams.)
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 19, 1864-5 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: I have just received following from Colonel Coburn:

I am just informed by one of my men that a scouting party I have sent out have advanced into the woods in front, and near the enemy's position. I have no doubt they have evacuated the place.

J. COBURN,

Colonel.

I have ordered the pickets advanced to ascertain and will report further as soon as I hear. Please return an orderly with bearer for further report; two of mine are driving, and most of the rest used up.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

JUNE 19, 1864-5.10 a. m.

Further: The rebels have gone. Coburn's men are a mile in front of his works.

BUTTERFIELD.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

SIR: One of my staff officers has been out about two miles in our front; he does not report any Marietta road. The creek in my front will not need bridging; a few rails will enable infantry to cross. The hill in rear of creek where the enemy had his fortifications is steep and

