HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,June 19, 1864.

Major W. M. WHERRY,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note requesting me to move down the Powder Springs road, &amp;c. One of my brigades is absent in the direction of our extreme left by order of General Thomas. Part of the other I sent this morning toward Dallas. I have but about 200 men here, and am encumbered with six pieces of artillery. I will send half of them on the road designated, with orders to go as far as possible. So small a party, of course, can gain no valuable information if any determined resistance is made. I will report to General Sherman the result, and also to you. I went yesterday personally on the Powder Springs road, and on the upper Marietta road, and, after driving back their pickets, found their force at Noyes' Creek, six miles from here. On the Powder Springs road their vedettes were about two miles and a half from here. I will probably move my command from here some time to-day back in the direction of the Acworth and Dallas and Marietta and Dallas roads. I will report to you the result of this scout as soon as I hear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

The rebel cavalry were on that Sandtown road, between Mud Creek and Noyes' Creek yesterday evening.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 19, 1864-8 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy having abandoned his works in my front during the night, I have sent my cavalry and some infantry to reconnoiter toward Sandtown and Marietta. I am now going forward to learn what I can of the enemy's new position or movements, and of the condition of the roads, &c. I will be guided in my movements by the information I can obtain until I receive your instructions.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 19, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

General Logan reports himself in possession of the main works in his front, which is the main Marietta road; if that be the case the enemy is gone. Push pursuit as far as the Chattahoochee. All are ordered the same.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

