HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 19, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL; Yours of 5 a. m. is received, and the general commanding directs me to say that you will remain quiet until the waters subside; but if in the mean time you can make a crossing at the point on Noyes' Creek, as indicated on the Atlanta Road, to do so; but not to move out more than the length of your column, and await further orders. If it is manifest the enemy is retreating, act according to your discretion.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

PINE MOUNTAIN, June 19, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer:

CAPTAIN: About thirty minutes past both Kenesaw Mountains were covered by a line of infantry. The infantry is not in sight now, but they did not appear to march off, but simply to break ranks and scatter around; straggling men can be seen on both hills. Enemy have opened a battery on top of High Kenesaw, and are firing occasionally toward McPherson. We have a battery at the foot of Kenesaw throwing shells that reach from half way to the top of the mountain. The enemy have apparently taken up position on a spur of Kenesaw, running toward Marietta. A good deal of timber has been cut down there during the night. The enemy have fired two or three shots from that position, but I cannot tell whether they have strong intrenchments or not, as the felled timber is yet green. Enemy on High Kenesaw have moved their signal station farther over the mountain, and are working to a point nearly east from here. They seem to have picket up all their traps around their old station. Cannot see any movement going on in Marietta.

Respectfully,

ED. J. MEEKER,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 19, 1864-7 a. m.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

Take immediate measures to have your command supplied with three days' rations in haversack, cartridge-boxes filled with ammunition, and be ready to pursue the enemy.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 19, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

Major-General Logan reports the enemy gone and his skirmishers occupying their main works in his front; take immediate measures to

34 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

