
have your command supplied with three days' rations in haversacks, cartridge-boxes filled with ammunition, and be ready to pursue the enemy.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,June 19, 1864-7 a. m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The enemy have evacuated their main line of works in my front, and are probably on the retreat to cross the Chattahoochee River, or to take up some new line before reaching that point. Press forward with your command, and crowd them on the flank as much as possible.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., June 19, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: I succeeded a few days ago in relieving all the troops of General McPherson. The relieving force was much smaller than that relieved, and, as I fear, not sufficient; but with the brigade of the Sixteenth Corps, ordered to remain at Decatur, I hope we may get on. We have now a pretty good cavalry force mounted, by which I hope we can add greatly to the strength of our attenuated lines, if assailed, and that is the only effective way, as I think, to defend those lines. A movable force, cavalry or mounted infantry, sufficient to beat that of the enemy, properly handled, is the only safe guaranty against destructive raids of the enemy. After consultation with General Webster I ordered Colonel Thornburgh's (Tennessee) brigade of cavalry to report to General Granger at Decatur. Offensive operations from that point will give the enemy something else to do than plot and execute raids against our lines of communication, while it will increase the courage and prowess of our own men and intimidate the enemy. I have always thought the most effective way to guard the Tennessee River was by offensive operations on the other side. Colonel Thornburgh's brigade left for Decatur yesterday morning with one battery attached, and escorting another for service at that place.

I understand that another demonstration will be at once made from Memphis, and, if so, Forrest will find enough to do to attend to that. This being so it would afford me a fine opportunity of paying my long desired visit to Selma. Roddey's forces are strong along the road from a point within seven miles of Decatur toward Moulton and beyond. Forrest was at Fulton a few days ago. With 3,000 men I could go down and destroy fifty to one hundred millions' worth of property belonging to the rebel government, including a portion of the important road between Selma and Atlanta. There are several long trestles on that road within twenty-five miles of Selma, and at that place there are manufacturing establishments far more extensive and important than they have at Atlanta, while between here and Selma there are five or six of the most important-iron works there are in the

