
Southern Confederacy. With Thornburgh's brigade, now on its way to Decatur, and Colonel Harrison's Eighth Indiana Cavalry, formerly the Thirty-ninth Indiana, with you at Muldraugh's Hill, and the Second Kentucky Cavalry, I could make the trip. The last two regiments are here to be mounted. That would leave in the district Spalding's brigade of cavalry, 1,600 strong, mounted, and Miller's brigade being mounted. A regiment of 100-days' men now in Kentucky could be ordered here to take the place of the Eighth Indiana Cavalry for post duty at this city. I could quietly take position on this side of the Tennessee in the vicinity of Guntersville, and upon a sudden cross there and set off to Selma. I could have at least three days the start of the enemy, and to avoid being intercepted on my return could strike off eastwardly to Montevallo through Ashville, Gadsden, and on up to Ringgold. At Ringgold we could take the return empty cars and come back to the district. A blow like this now would be of great service to the cause, and might effect materially your own immediate position. I have a guide here who knows every foot of the way. I think I could go to Selma in four days from Gunter's Landing and afterward return in safety. I hope you will think of it and allow me to try it. I cannot worry you with the details of my plan. I have spoken to General Webster about this project, and he thinks it can be and ought to be accomplished. No one else knows or will know of it here, except Major Polk, who writes this communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- The major-general commanding the department gave me permission of talk freely with the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi on this subject.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

CLEVELAND, June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels are advancing on this place in force; their advance is less than twelve miles from here; they are moving by the Spring Place and Dalton road. I have no artillery and can do but little without it to defend the place. Please hurry up that order to be sent me.

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding Defenses.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, June 19, 1864.

Colonel H. G. GIBSON,

Cleveland, Tenn.:

It will be impossible to get the artillery from here to you in time, nor do I think it would be safe to send it without a strong guard. If artillery is necessary communicate with General Steedman at Chattanooga. Please keep me informed of the movements of the enemy. Is not your force much superior to anything the enemy can have?

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

