
CLEVELAND, June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is reported that Wheeler is advancing with his whole force, about 5,000 strong; this may be exaggerated. Colonel Capron's cavalry brigade is here, and has about 1,200 effective men. I have about 600 that I can put under arms. I have telegraphed General Steedman and hope to get some artillery to-night. If I had artillery I would not fear any odds, but Wheeler is said never to attack without artillery. They told prisoner escaped from them that they knew I commanded here, and all about my military history and my force, and they did not ask my favors.

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.

RESACA, June 29, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Fifteen cars, loaded with forage, were burned, but not wholly destroyed. Engine not much damaged; road slightly injured. Rebels approached from the west; left in same direction. A force of fifty men, a large estimate. It was a motley band of brigands. Road will be clear. They captured 12 prisoners.

J. H. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP ON LOYES' CREEK, June 19, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 1.30 p. m. 20th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Enemy abandoned his works in front of McPherson last night, and withdrew his lines in Thomas' front. Whole line ordered to advance and push him, as it was thought Johnston was moving behind Chattahoochee. We found him with center of Kenesaw Mountain, one mile to rear of his position of yesterday, and his flanks behind Noonday and Noyes' Creeks, where he staid in spite of heavy artillery fire and strong skirmish line well supported. General Sherman's headquarters at Big Shanty still. Heavy rains all the day.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 44. Big Shanty, Ga., June 19, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, will march forthwith with his command to Bridgeport; then take the cars and proceed to Kingston, Ga., when he will report, by letter, to Major-General Steedman, commanding at Chattanooga. He will also report his arrival at Kingston to these headquarters. All reports and ration returns required by existing orders and regulations will continue to be made to headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

