
order General McPherson to call up the division of John E. Smith from Huntsville to take post at Kingston. That will give Steedman three good strong detachments along the Etowah, at Rome, Kingston, and Allatoona. I have also instructed him to send to Rome a regiment of Alabama cavalry that is hanging round here of no use, with orders to scout across the Tennesee at Guntersville, toward Gadsden, &amp;c. Now as soon as these changes can be made, and they will be initiated at once, you had better give Lowe all the cavalry now back of the Etowah and keep him off along the Tennessee road from Cartersville, Spring Place, &c., with orders at his discretion to venture out of Ellijay, Dahlonega [sic], &c. General Steedman was here last night and has returned. He needs train guards, and I have also ordered you to supply him 1,000 men, which is the equivalent of the present garrison of Kingston, which will be relieved by John E. Smith's division as soon as it can come from Huntsville.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 20, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Generals THOMAS, McPHERSON, and ALL STATIONS:

At 4 p. m. General Schofield will force a passage across Noyes' Creek. Support him by a heavy artillery fire, and strong pressure at all points. Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 20, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Howard gained possession of a hill this evening on the south side of Noyes' Creek which I think will enable us to drive the enemy from his intrenchments on the road near the base of Kenesaw; at all events, it appears to be a thorn in the side of the enemy, as he has been fighting very desperately ever since we got it, to endeavor to take it back.

General Schofield informs me that he has secured a lodgment on the south side of Noeys' Creek, and will be able to co-operate with General Hooker, who I have directed to move against the enemy's flank in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF MISSISSIPPI,Big Shanty, June 20, 1864-11.30 p. m.

General THOMAS:

Your note is just received. I was down with Schofield till near dark - until after he had got bridge and crossing at Noyes' Creek. I

