HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 20-10.15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department:

General Stanley succeeded in carrying the hill in his immediate front, driving the enemy from the skirmish rifle-pits. He advanced close up to the enemy's works and made a cover on Whitaker's front, which was scarcely completed, when the enemy charged in strong force, and was quickly repulsed. He made a second attempt in less than half an hour afterward, and was again repulsed. Colonel Kirby had not established a main line on the hill he took, and his skirmish line was driven back a short distance. This, however, can be easily retaken, as it is under the fire of Wood's batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 20, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say, that Brigadier-General Wood has two brigades already in position to relieve an equal force of General Geary's division, and Major-General Howard will be ready in the morning to relieve an entire division of your corps, thus giving you your entire command for a movement upon the rebel left flank. General Schofield has promised to support your right flank with Hascall's division. It will only be necessary to signify your readiness to move to General Schofield to procure an order to General Hascall to move in concert with you. We have this afternoon gained quite an important point in front of General Howard, which seems to be quite a thorn in the side of the rebels, as they have been fighting to get it back ever since we got it. I suppose you know that General Schofield has effected a lodgment on the east bank of Noyes' Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 20, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of to-day in regard to the movements of to-morrow, and will fulfill them as far as possible. I have just learned that one brigade of Geary's division has not been relieved by the Fourth Corps, and will not be until to-morrow. I went out with Williams' division this afternoon to knock away the rebel force holding Schofield in check, but was not able to reach it in season to accomplish the object to-night. I found one fork of Noyes' Creek very much swollen and requiring a long bridge to render it passable. I hope the bridge will be completed by daylight to-morrow morning. Major-General Schofield has one brigade over one fork of

