
Noyes' Creek, but has been able to cross no part of his force over the bridge on the Sandtown road. The point contended for in Howard's front is the one that Williams' division took from the rebels yesterday and held it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you extend your main line of defense until it reaches the creek separating your left from the right of General Geary, and also that the defenses be completed between General Knipe's left and Colonel Robinson's right. If you have not troops sufficient to occupy the additions thus made to your line, the general directs that you draw them from General Ruger's brigade, as the line which it holds is covered by Butterfield's division. The general further directs that your pioneers by sent to corduroy the road over the low ground between you and General Geary, it being necessary to have a practicable road during all stages of the weather from one end of our line to the other for the passage of trains. The pioneers of the Second Division have been ordered to commence on the opposite side and to work until they connect with your pioneers.

Respectfully, yours,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that only one of by brigades on the front line was relieved by troops of General Wood's division. My Second Brigade, about 800 strong, remains in its position in one line, without support, on the right of the troops that relieved me, with an open space intervening. If at all possible it would be very satisfactory and desirable to have them relieved, that they may join the division.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Noyes' Creek, Ga., June 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has read your letter concerning the condition of your division, and is not surprised at what you state. He only wonders that there is a man alive in it, and Butterfield's division is in the same condition; Williams'

