
but very little better. This morning Williams is moving to the right of Butterfield, which I suppose you would prefer to going with your division. Too much labor has been being imposed on all of the troops of the command, as you well know. On the arrival of General Thomas I shall make it a point to show him your letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 20, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: The enemy seem to have moved or retired the force that threatened my right last evening; only skirmishers visible there now. They have seized and intrenched the ridge in advance of the corn-field on my front, to which my skirmishers advanced yesterday. I withdrew them to the edge of the corn-field last night after establishing my line, both on account of their distance from the main line and their exposed position from the force on my right.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 20, 1864-6 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: I cannot learn that the enemy has relaxed his hold of his position in my front in any respect; brisk skirmishing is going on now all along my front. I had hopped that by advancing Butterfield, as I proposed last night, that I should be able to turn the enemy's left, but his division was not able to find its terminus. He was only able to maintain his position by throwing his right well to the rear. I am promised another division this morning, but what I shall be able to accomplish with it of course remains to be determined. In my judgment it is not improbable that a connection will have to be established between yourself and myself. The ridge of which I wrote you yesterday I find to be a plateau, interpreted with roads leading in all directions. If you have time I think you would find it of service to take a look from this point of the field of our immediate operations. Please inform me what you hear from the cavalry on the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, Lost Mountain Post-Office, June 20, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Second Brigade of my division, detached on the 17th instant, in accordance with orders received

