
from the chief of cavalry, has returned. Lieutenant-Colonel Lamson, commanding, reports that the moved in the direction of Acworth, on the Powder Springs road, as far as Geary Davis' house, where he took the right-hand fork and struck the Sandtown road at one Burnett's; thence took a road leading in the direction of Big Shanty as far as Captain Owen's, whence he followed a road which strikes the Acworth and Marietta road about two mils and a half southeast from Acworth, near which place he went into camp at 10 p. m. On the 18th and 19th he sent out heavy scouts and patrols on both sides of the railroad, one to within two miles of Moon's Station, and another at the same time to Allatoona Furnace, and scoured that section of the country thoroughly, but failed entirely to discover any enemy. This morning I sent out a strong scouting party of 250 men, with directions to scout the roads to and beyond Powder Springs. The roads scouted by them are dotted on the accompanying map*, made by Major Scranton, Second Michigan, commanding the party. They met a small scout of the enemy about four miles from here, and move them back upon a picket, at Powder Springs, of about thirty, whence they continued to drive them on the Atlanta road to the Sweet Water Creek, where they met a force of probably a regiment, who barricaded themselves. They report the stream impassable. Our loss, 1 man killed. The name of the colonel inquired about by General Elliott to-day is Hardcastle, Thirty-third Mississippi Infantry.

I send yesterday's papers. It is reported that one of General Stoneman's brigades went into Powder Springs after my men left, and were driven out by the rebels.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 20, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I pushed forward a reconnaissance on the Marietta road and also on the Sandtown road, each about two miles, meeting with no resistance except from a small force of cavalry. This took until some time after dark, and I did not deem it prudent to go farther in the night. We did not find the cross-roads said to exist about one mile and a half from he bridge, although we went quite two miles from that point. I now occupy the intersection of the Marietta and Sandtown roads, somewhat less than half a mile from the bridge, covering the crossing completely, with room to cross and deploy my entire force.

I will push forward in the morning according to your plans, as the enemy's movements, if any, during the night, shall indicate. I regard it as certain that there is now no material obstacle between me and Marietta, nor on the Sandtown road as far as the next creek. The rebel cavalry in my front appears to have retreated toward Marietta, as no resistance was met on the Sandtown road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

