SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT.-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 169. Washington, May 6, 1864.

* * * *

27. Major General Robert Milroy, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Nashville, Tenn., and report in person to Major-General Thomas, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the Army of the Cumberland, for duty, in receiving and organizing the militia regiments sent to that place, and also for assignment to the command for Indiana troops, when organized.

* * * *

By order of the Second of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Ringgold, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General A. Baird will indicate one of his brigades to remain at this post in charge of the public property to be left here. The commanding officer of this brigade will report at these headquarters for orders and instructions. Division commanders will have their commands, in readiness to march at daybreak to-morrow morning toward Tunnel Hill. Arrangement will be made to carry all the ammunition required by existing orders (150 rounds per man) and eight days' rations, three of which will be cooked and carried by the men. It is desirable that as few wagons accompany the troops as possible.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 1. Camp near Red Clay, Ga., May 6, 1864.

The command will march at 5 a. m. to-morrow, in the following order; Third, Second, and First Divisions, train of the entire corps, and rear guard, to consist of one regiment from the First Division. The column will march on the main road to Catoosa Springs, leaving the railroad near General Cox's present headquarters, passing by Thatcher's and Ellidge's Mill, thence to Doctor Lee's on the main road from Vernell's Station to Ringgold. The train will continue on the Catoosa Springs road form Ellidge's Mill to Burke's Mill, and will park in the most at Ellidge's Mill will take position on the road leading from that road toward the east, in the gap of the hills immediately to the east of the line of march of the main column, and occupy that position till further orders. On the arrival of the head of the column at Doctor Lee's, one brigade of the Third Division will take position, facing to the east, toward Varnell's Station, in the gap of the first range of hills east of Doctor Lee's. The other brigade will take position in front of Doctor Lee's, facing toward the south. The column will close up with the head of the Second Division resting near Doctor lee's, and await further orders. Colonel [Dorr's] cavalry brigade will move as follows: Starting at 5 a. m.; the main body will move down the main road toward Dalton as far as

