HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 20, 1864-12 m.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have put a bridge over the first branch of Noyes' Cree, not far from your right, over which I can throw a division to join in your attack if it becomes necessary. I am also prepared to force a crossing of the main creek on the Sandtown road when the proper time arrives. If you will please inform me from time to time of your progress I will be governed accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

(Same to Hooker.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 20, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman is here and had given me his plans. We must force the passage of Noyes' Creek to-day. Four o'clock is the hour set for you to begin, and you will be supported by a general demonstration along the whole line. It is not intended to cross the corps at present, but simply to cross a small force and secure a tete-de-pont; make all your preparations, and I will see you before the time appointed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Noyes' Creek, June 20, 18+64.

Major H. W. WELLS, Chief of Artillery:

The crest is the only place to hold the line, and the enemy should be cleared from the front. Colonel Casement should send a strong party of skirmishers both right and left, and let them meet in front. There is no difficulty in holding the position, and the enemy will only be encouraged by any appearance of timidity; say so to Colonel Cameron. I want the line where it will support the artillery, and the artillery where it will sweep the front. If the skirmishers find difficulty in closing in from right and left throw a few rounds of canister into the woods in front. Tell General Stoneman that Colonel Adams reports some force of enemy's cavalry approaching in vicinity of Powder Springs. I am expecting General Schofield every minute or would come again to the front in person.

Yours,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Noyes' Creek, June 20, 1864-8.30 p. m.*

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy's cavalry retired from Colonel Adams' front on the opening of the artillery I sent out. The infantry regiment I have

---------------

*Correct date is June 21. See p. 554.

---------------

