
left for the night in a good position, where Colonel Adams is, as he desired it. The point is about a mile beyond Mud Creek, on Powder Springs road. No change is this vicinity in other respects.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 20, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Blair's application for a mounted force of two companies is received. During our operations here, where infantry and artillery alone can act, our cavalry must all be kept on the grand flanks and on our communications. As it is, our cavalry is liable to be absorbed in orderly and courier duty, leaving our flanks and rear at the mercy of our enemy. This I must prevent. I insist on all organized cavalry being massed on our flanks and rear at points where it may act to accomplish some military result. I know there are plenty of officers and men mounted in all the corps and divisions that can be collected and made into orderlies and couriers. I wish you to make this rule general in your army. The two companies ordered from General Blair to their regiment was at the earnest appeal of the cavalry officers.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Brush Mountain, Ga., June 20, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL; I have just returned from a reconnaissance of the ground to our left with General Leggett. The ridge turns off at right angles with that occupied by General L.'s division, and commands the position of the enemy in front of Logan and Gresham. There is beyond this ridge a very deep depression, and then another ridge extending in the direction of Marietta, and I think it commands the town and the whole of the enemy's position on this front. To the left of this second ridge is a third, which is also separated by a depression which is quite deep. This third hill or ridge appears to be the extension of the high cleared ground in front of the hill captured by General Harrow's division on the 15th instant. I think if the cavalry was ordered to drive the enemy's cavalry from this hill (it is now occupied by them), and if my command was relieved from the position now held by them, I could take and securely hold the other two ridges. I had forgotten to say that the enemy have some rifle-pits on the second ridge, and are now at work strengthening themselves upon it, but I do not believe they have any large force there at present. I think this matter is worthy of your consideration, and therefore respectfully submit it to you.

Yours,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

