HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Big Shanty, Ga., June 20, 1864.

General GARRARD:

I do not wish to extend the infantry on that flank for good reasons. But the enemy has detached a great part of his cavalry back to our line of railroad where they are doing mischief. Now, if they can cross the Etowah, the Oostenaula, and Connesauga - large streams - it does seem to me you can cross the little Noonday. I therefore order you to cross and advance against the enemy's cavalry toward the Chattahoochee, keeping as far north of Marietta as you please. Take no artillery or wagons with you, and leave all dismounted and ineffective men, but with the balance attack the enemy's cavalry and drive it back and interpose between the enemy and their detached cavalry. We will press the enemy at all points. Stoneman's cavalry is at and beyond Powder Springs.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Big Shanty, June 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARRARD, Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Our troops are occupying the range of hills extending to the eastward of Kenesaw Mountain, which were occupied by the enemy yesterday morning. Stoneman, with his cavalry, is well down on the Sandtown road toward the Chattahoochee. I wish you, if possible, to get across Noonday Cree and drive in on the enemy's flank, threatening Marietta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 20, 1864.

General ROUSSEAU, Nashville:

The division of John E. Smith is ordered up from Huntsville to Kingston. I will leave the brigade of Dodge at Decatur for a short time, to wait and see what Forrest will do. I propose to keep him occupied from Memphis. He whipped Sturgis fair and square, and now I will put against him A. J. Smith and Mower, and let them try their hand. But you should at all times have things so arranged that you are prepared for his appearance about Florence and Waterloo. You should keep scouts and parties out all the time to break up his posts in the center to the west and south side of the Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, June 20, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

On recently leaving Washington to organize colored troops in Kentucky, the Secretary of War desired me to proceed to Chattanooga and put myself in communication with you, and he expressed his strong desire that you would give facilities for organization within your com-

