
of batteries well covered in front of Williams. Also Palmer's whole corps should be ready to move by the right flank. The railroad bridge at Tilton will be done to-day.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 21, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Big Shanty:

General Howard's center seems to be advancing and driving the enemy before them. I have only heard from General Hooker that his reconnaissance had gone within about two miles of Marietta, found the enemy's pickets in force in his front, but the commanding officer thought he could drive them. Your note did not reach me in time to stop Hooker's movement entirely.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 21, 1864.

General THOMAS, Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: See that Howard is well supported by Palmer, and send word to Schofield. I would prefer not to engage Johnston in full force and position until we can go into action with artillery. I will see that McPherson occupies his front, and in case of sounds of heavy battle he will also attack. But I prefer that Hooker and Howard should get a good, strong position in sight of Marietta and the ridge on which the railroad is.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 21, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have just heard from General Howard that he has carried a hill about 700 yards in front of Wood's left, and has fortified it strongly under the hottest kind of artillery fire from the enemy. Wood advanced a regiment still farther, forming a strong outpost, having driven the enemy from and now occupying his skirmishers' pits. Your note of this morning having reached me before Hooker moved, his operations were suspended for to-day. Unless it rains again to-night, he will be able to move with better effect in the morning. Howard took some prisoners. Stanley reports that Whitaker was assaulted seven times between the time of his taking his hill yesterday and 10 at night. He estimates the enemy's loss at not less than 200 killed and probably double that number wounded.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

35 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

