HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 21, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I saw these papers in the hands of your scout and read them hastily. I am gratified at the good progress of Howard, Wood, and Whitaker. Let them all hold fast to all we get, and be ready as soon as we can move with anything like life. Early to-morrow I will examine McPherson's new lines, which he thinks well of and is tempted to advance his left, but Kenesaw so splits our lines that I feel much disposed to push your right, supported by Schofield and Stoneman's cavalry, whilst McPherson engages attention to his front, but keeps ready to march by his right to re-enforce you will all his command, except what is necessary to cover this depot against Kenesaw, which I propose to slight. The enemy is at work about Tilton, having torn up some rails and got a down train off a mile above Tilton, and the wires are again down since noon. The bridge was to have been done at 4 p. m., but I can hear nothing definite. Garrard is across Noonday on the Canton road, and about Bob. McAfee's. He was attacked, he says, by four divisions of cavalry and held his ground. I have an idea that Johnston is holding on to cover the return of his cavalry. I hardly think he will fight us on anything like equal terms with the Chattahoochee behind him. After seeing McPherson's lines in the morning I will come down to Williams' and will examine the new positions of Wood, Stanley, and Hooker; but if anything happens, act promptly with your own troops, and advise me and your neighbor, Schofield, who has standing orders to conform to you. Roads terrific.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 21, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Commanding Department:

We have taken the Bald Knob about 700 yards beyond Kirby's position of last night. Colonel Kirby's brigade, of Stanley's division, and one of Wood's brigades, under Colonel Nodine, moved conjointly, seized the hill as soon as the shelling of the Fifth Ohio Battery had ceased, capturing a number of prisoners. They have held it and fortified it under the hottest kind of artillery fire from the enemy. A regiment of General Wood's (the Forty-ninth Ohio) advanced still farther, affording us a strong outpost, whereupon I have moved forward my main lines 400 or 500 yards. Our skirmishers have already got possession of the intrenched line of the enemy's skirmishers. The conduct of the troops admirable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 21, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: Your note has been received. The major-general commanding directs me to express his gratification at the conduct and prog-

