
ress made by the troops this day. He wishes you to intrench your position and retain the ground you have gained.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPEL,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 21, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY,

First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Hooker will move forward from his present position at 6 a. m. to-morrow, in a direction nearly perpendicular to his present front. This corps will move in conjunction with him, wheeling to the left. The movement will commence on the right. Be prepared to move at 6 a. m. to-morrow. Corps headquarters will be near the junction of Generals Wood's and Newton's divisions.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 21, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Howard's troops are now well up, having gained considerable ground to the front to-day. The major-general commanding directs that you commence your movement against the rebel left flank at 6 a. m. to-morrow. The plan will be as already ordered, and General Howard will be ready to move with you at 6 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Am I to understand from your communication of yesterday that I am to break off all connection with the right of the Fourth corps in my effort to turn the enemy's left? To the southern slope of the plateau which is near to the Powder Springs road, is a distance of two miles or more, and if I am to hold that line with my corps, numbering for duty between 14,000 and 15,00 men, but few men will be left me to operate with on reaching the extreme left of the enemy's line, including Hascall's division. My last brigade, of Geary's division, was relieved this morning at 8 o'clock, and has joined me on the plateau. I have reconnoitering parties out all along my line, and have received reports from those on the left that the enemy is in force in their front.

