
For this reason I have not deemed it prudent to abandon my connection with the right of the Fourth Corps until after I shall have been informed of the wishes of the major-general commanding the department in this respect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Holes' House, Ga., June 21, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have thrown forward in my front, in the direction of Marietta, reconnoitering parties and can find no heavy rebel force. If there are any continuous lines of defense they have not been discovered. The enemy have had lines of pickets behind rails and improvised works before me, varying from a mile to a mile and a half in my advance; beyond that I have been able to make no developments. Our lines will be considerably contracted by throwing forward my right in the direction of Mrs. Kolb's house, and I would recommend that it be done, provided that General Schofield make a simultaneous movement along the Powder Springs and Marietta road. In order that the major-general commanding may not be misinformed in regard to the movement I propose, I send herewith my map of this district, which I request may be returned by the bearer. My losses to-day have not been severe. My headquarters to-night are near Holes' house. I propose to throw forward my line from the last-named place. Its direction now points to the intersection of the Sandtown and the Powder Springs and Marietta road. I can hold the line up to the Powder Springs road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atkinson's House, June 21, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding the corps, that the Third Wisconsin and One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers remain in the position upon the crest in advance taken this morning, the detachment being in command of Colonel Hawley, of the Third Wisconsin. I have connected the pickets on the right with the right of Colonel Hawley's lines, and have also arranged a connection of my pickets with the pickets of the Twenty-third Corps.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

