HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps:

COLONEL: Colonel Candy, commanding the brigade which was advanced to the main line, has just informed me that the enemy have pushed a skirmish line in full view in his front. There is still a gap between him and General Butterfield. Please inform me if it is the intention for me to place troops from the other brigades on that line to fill up the vacancy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS:

COLONEL: General Newton just sends me word that he is ordered to advance his lines to the next ridge. This will put him abreast of the ridge now occupied by my main line. My pioneers are all at work on the road to the rear. I have directed, in the absence of topographical engineers, that officers having any faculty that way shall be sent out from each brigade to sketch the roads and get the information General Hooker desires. I have sent another regiment, the third, from the reserve brigade, out to join the reconnoitering force, and Colonel Wood with it, as the majority of his brigade is there. Have directed him to get that ridge; presume that he will get it with less loss when Geary's and Williams' forces work out on the right. Casualties thus far have been some 7 or 8. Captain Tebbetts, of my staff, is with the reconnoitering party. Have hard nothing lately from him or Colonel Wood. The enemy's advance line was reported to me as strongly protected with rail barricades.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that a reconnaissance of two regiments with a force of sharpshooters was sent out immediately upon receipt of the order with instructions comporting with the two notes received from the major-general commanding. Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner is in command of the reconnoitering party. The note sent you was sent before the order for the reconnaissance was received, sent for the information of the major-general commanding. General Butterfield is lying down, not very well, and directs me to apologize for his not signing this note.

Very respectfully,

JOHN SPEED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

