HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lost Mountain Post-Office, June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that a scouting party, sent out be me this morning, went seven miles and a half on the Dallas road without meeting any of the enemy. They have been reported in parties of two or three on the Powder Springs road, and the Marietta road leading from it. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanding one of the brigades in General Stoneman's corps, was shelled out of his camp this afternoon, about two miles this side of Powder Springs. I sent down, and he had been re-enforced by infantry. I shall send part of my command down there in the morning, unless something unforeseen occurs. Everything has been quiet on my picket-lines, and the frequent patrols made from them have met none of the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

TILTON, GA., June 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Big Shanty, Ga.:

Your dispatch received. Have ordered the cavalry from Cleveland by way of Spring Place. No particular damage done the road or trains yesterday. Roads will be passable by 4 o'clock this p. m.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Statement of J. C. Moore, Scout.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Marietta, June 21, 1864.

Reports that in company with Milton Glass he passed to the left of our lines on 18th instant and entered the rebel lines the same day. Met no rebel pickets till within one mile and a half north of Marietta; they were from Martin's division of cavalry, how were on the right flank of the rebel army. Passed on directly to Marieta; not finding General Johnston there I passed on to his headquarters one mile and a half northwest of the town. Next day, 19th instant, he removed his headquarters to within half a mile of Marietta, on account of the shells from Federal batteries coming over Kenesaw Mountain. That he arrived at General Johnston's headquarters evening of the 18th instant, reported to Colonel Hill, provost-marshal-general, rebel army; moved with him on 19th instant to their new headquarters near Marietta; remained there 19th instant and left morning of the 20th instant and came into our lines at Acworth; reported to Generals Sherman and McPherson at the latter's headquarters. I gave Colonel Hill what information I was told to give; he requested me to get the following information and report to him as soon as possible: If General McCook was coming to the assistance of Sherman with the militia

