
under his command (said they got this information from a prisoner of the Fifty-first Ohio), also get all other information I could. Reports there was a tall man by name of Dallas confined at Colonel Hill's provost-marshal-general's quarters on suspicion of being a spy; he said he was from Arkansas. The inspector-general told me that if they were not flanked they would fight on this side of the river, but they could not tell how it would be as the Federals were then attempting to flank them on their left; he gave me a pass for ted days; said for me to report to them across the river; that I should cross the bridge. They told me that my estimate of the Federal strength was entirely too high; that there was not a corps in the Federal army (Sherman's) that would number 18,000; that the Fourth, Fourteenth, and Twentieth were the largest corps; they could tell me more about our army than I knew anything of myself. I had a conversation with General Johnston; he told me I was either an honest man or an infamous rascal, and that when I return to General Thomas' headquarters to report to them that I had been inside their lines, or else they would detect me. He asked me if General Thomas suggested to me to dress in the way I did; that if I wanted a suit of clothes he would give me a pass to Atlanta to get them. Glass not a pass to Atlanta by way of Powder Springs; he will return as soon as possible and promised me to have a good report when he returned. There are no fortifications nearer Marietta than two miles; what works I have seen were heavy and well built. They have received re-enforcements from Savannah; two regiments of Georgia cavalry arrived on 19th instant, but could not ascertain if any infantry had arrived. Troops were expected on the cars on 20th instant. Hood is on right, Loring in the center, and Hardee on the left. Most of the houses in Marietta seem to be occupied.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,June 21, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: Move out on the Sandtown road as far as you think your movement is in concert with Hooker's, Thomas' right, and then toward the railroad bridge or Sandtown, according to the appearances. I will communicate with you during the day. Keep up communications with Thomas also. I want to post my cavalry on the left.

Yours,

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 21, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose a sketch* which gives all I have been able to learn of the roads in my front, also my position and that of General Hooker. I have made no move to-day because I cannot advance on the Sandtown road until the road from Marietta toward Powder Springs is covered by General Hooker, or until the enemy is displaced from his

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

