
present position. From all I have been able to learn I judge that General Hooker with his present extension of line will not be able to turn the enemy's left. I might perhaps do so by moving up on the Marietta road. I take it for granted, however, that the enemy now occupies that road in force. The enemy's cavalry is in my front and on my flank toward Powder Springs. My cavalry has been fighting in the latter direction to-day.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanry, Ga., June 21, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Yours of 8 p. m. 21st has been received and ready by the general commanding, who directs that for the present you will conform your movements to those of General Hooker. General Sherman expects to see you to-morrow.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have not yet been able to learn anything about the enemy or of our troops to the left. I do not propose to move the corps until I can ascertain something more satisfactory. General Stoneman is about to send a small cavalry force to find General Hooker's right, and then endeavor to reach your pickets near the mouth of the creek called Little Noyes' Creek. Also to find a road which is said to run near the east bank of Noyes' Creek, crossing Little Noyes' Creek near its mouth and intersecting the Marietta road. Please send out parties to find the mouth of the little creek, and trace it along to the road in question, and make connection with the cavalry between you and General Hooker. In general, let us find where the next corps is (for its commander even does not seem to know) with reference to ours, and the streams in question, then where the enemy is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Noyes' Creek, Ga., June 21, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. The enemy's pickets advanced last night on the Marietta fork of the road in our front to feel our line, but retired after a little skirmish. No force has appeared on the Sand-

