
town road, and Lieutenant Coughlan went forward with a few men last evening after Captain Bartlett came back from Colonel Cameron's and found there was no enemy half a mile farther in that direction. He found where some cotton bales had been used as cover for a piece of cannon, but no enemy was there. The indications were that they had mostly taken the left forks. I will send the reconnaissances you desire and report results. Some of the brigade commanders are desirous of having permission to discharge the loaded muskets before moving again, as they fear the charges have become damp. I shall give no permission unless authorized by you. My commissary reports return of a train with one day's rations from Allatoona, there being no more there yesterday.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Sandtown Road, June 21, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Adams, of General Stoneman's command, who is on your right on the other side of Mud Creek, is being pressed by the enemy with a force of cavalry and some artillery. The enemy's attack is from the direction of Powder Springs. The commanding general desires you to send one regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery as far as Mud Creek, or farther if necessary, to assist Colonel Adams and enable him to hold his position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOYES' CREEK, June 21, 1864-5 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: The order to send a regiment and section artillery to support Colonel Adams' cavalry is received and will be immediately obeyed. General Williams' division has not yet crossed Noyes' Creek. His pickets, who communicate with mine, say they understand the enemy's force is slowly extending southward toward our right. The direction of the creek puts General Williams very considerable to my left as yet.

Very respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Noyes' Creek, June 21, 1864-5 p. m.

Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

Your dispatch is received. I approve your suggested arrangement in regard to the pickets, with the modification that the arrangement be communicated to the officer of the Twentieth Corps skirmish line, and

