
an understanding had by which communication with them may be had during the night if need be. The last information I have is that they have not crossed to your side of the creek. Colonel Adams, commanding the cavalry on our right, reports himself pressed by enemy's cavalry from direction of Powder Springs. I have ordered a regiment from Third Brigade and a section of artillery to support him. It will be well to be watchful on that flank, though I apprehend nothing serious there. Send me any information you may obtain from any direction, as the enemy's intentions seem to be involved in much obscurity just now.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Noyes' Creek, June 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy's cavalry retired from Colonel Adams' front on the opening of the artillery I sent out. The infantry regiment I have left for the night in a good position where Colonel Adams is, as he desired it. The point is about a mile beyond Mud Creek, on Powder Springs road. No change in this vicinity in other respects.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

Your note is received. If Brigadier-General Morgan's brigade, of Fourteenth Corps, is to your front and left you will bear to your left in moving forward, which will close the gap between General Osterhaus and yourself. I desire you to advance your command, the right at least, so far as to keep on a line with the Army of the Cumberland, which is making, so to speak, a grand left wheel. While aiming to keep on a line and keep up the connection you will of course be governed to some extent by the ground, so as to bivouac your troops on good ground and in good position for defense. Press your skirmishers as far forward as you can, and if practicable let them work up the mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

Move General Fuller's brigade to the front, its left resting on the railroad at the rock cut, near the mill, and its right connecting as near as practicable with the left of General Morgan's brigade, of Fourteenth Army Corps. This will place theirs to the right of the railroad, and his line running nearly north and south. The ridge that Morgan is upon

