
tails of your fight yesterday. I immediately went to see Major-General Sherman and read your letter to him, and he directs me to say that if yo are satisfied the enemy has not detached a considerable force of cavalry from his right flank to operate on our lines of communication and supply, but that his cavalry is in front of you in strong force, you will maintain your relative position, covering the left flank of our army, and by repeated demonstrations and attacks keep the enemy's cavalry occupied in your front and thus prevent him from making detachments. The general is of course very anxious about our railroad communications; they have been broken two or three times north of the Etowah and to-day there is some difficulty near Tilton, above Resaca, the extent and nature of which we have not learned. Whether there is a large force hovering along the railroad in that vicinity or simply the regiment which was at Calhoun the other day we have not been able to learn.

Please answer this communication by return messenger. The general is well satisfied with your operations yesterday, and what he wants and expects is that you will keep the rebel cavalry in your front occupied, and be certain that they do not send a large force to our rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

CAMP ON NOYES' CREEK, GA., June 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Receive 2 p. m. 22d.)

Major THOMAS T. EXKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Since my last message, eight hours ago, it has rained almost incessantly, in spite of which our lines have been pressed forward steadily and an important position gained by General Howard. Enemy made desperate attempt to retake this position last night, making seven distinct assaults on Brigadier-General Whitaker's brigade,of Stanely's division, and losing not less than 700 or 800. Two hundred killed were left in Whitaker's front. The assault was followed by heavy fire of artillery, under which the position was fortified and is now safe. Our cavalry is across Noonday Creek, on our left, and one brigade of Twenty-third Corps is across Noyes' Creek, on right; but rebel left is behind swamp, and the rains prevent any advance. Fighting has been quite severe at all points, enemy resisting stubbornly, and attempting offensive whenever he can. Mounted force is keeping wires cut between Resaca and Dalton for couple days, and has burned bridge at Tilton and captured two trains, all of which will be remedied in another day.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I will start early to look at the position of McPherson as near the north base of Kenesaw as I can safely do, and then come to Wallace's, or the house in front, and then over to Hooker. I have

