
ordered Schofield to cross his whole command over Noyes' Creek, and turn the head of his column up toward Marietta, until he reaches Hooker, to support and co-operate on his right, but to keep his cavalry and a part of his rear infantry on the Sandtown road, prepared to regain it in case the enemy show signs of let go. I fear we will get our commands too close, but I suppose Schofield can find room to deploy south of the Powder Springs and Marietta road. You may order Hooker to extend to that road and leave Schofield beyond. If he can get possession of the ground up to Mrs. Kolb's I wish him to do so, and the balance of your line to conform. I will explain McPherson's orders when I meet you.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Big Shanty, June 23, 1864-9[.30] p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: When on the hill in front of your center to-day waiting for you, I signaled to General Hooker:

How are you getting along. Near what house are you?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

At this hour, 9.30, I have received this answer:

KOLB HOUSE, 5.30 p. m.

We have repulsed two heavy attacks and feel confident, our only apprehension being from our extreme right flank. Three entire corps are in front of us.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

I was at the Wallace house at 5.30 and the Kolb house was within two miles, and though I heard some commanding I had no idea of his being attacked, and General Hooker must be mistaken about three entire corps being to his front. Johnston's army has only three corps, and I know there was a very respectable force along McPherson's front, so much so, that his generals thought the enemy was massing against them. I know there was some force in front of Palmer and Howard, for I was there. Still it is very natural the enemy should meet Hooker at that pint in force, and I gave Schofield orders this morning to conduct his column from Noyes' Creek, on the Powder Springs road, toward marietta and support Hooker's right flank, sending his cavalry down the Powder Springs road toward Sweet Water and leaving some infantry from his rear to guard the forks. Captain Dayton says General Schofield receipted my orders, which were in writing. If later information shows that Schofield is not up send a staff officer at once and notify him of the necessity, and, if need be, call off all of Palmer's and notify McPherson, who has his orders for this very contingency. To-morrow, if need be, we must bring things to a crisis. Cars and telegraph now all right; some of John E. Smith's men are at Chattanooga, so that I think our road will be better guarded. The cavalry of Lowe should be out on the Tennessee road, patrolling from Cartersville to Spring Place.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

