
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,
In the Field, June 22, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Hooker advanced his lines this morning, with his right resting upon the Powder Springs and Marietta road, how far I have not yet heard. He reports this afternoon that the concurrent testimony of prisoners captured represents that the whole rebel army lies between him and Marietta, in his immediate front, and that they are marching in his direction.

General Schofield has one division with him at the Kolb house, and all are at work making their defensive arrangements. A later report from him is that the rebels are advancing upon him. I look upon this as something of a stampede, but at the same time am of the opinion that this will be the course pursued by the enemy, and that now is the time for McPherson to strike. I have ordered General Palmer to send a division (King's) to relieve one of Howard's divisions, which will move to the support of Hooker. A report received just before dark, by signal, reports heavy musketry firing on Hooker's front. If the enemy attack me I will hold him in check, and think that McPherson will then have a fair chance to overwhelm any force between him and Marietta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received, and I am directed by the general commanding to say he has written you fully to-night (at 9.30) on the matter you speak of.

I am, general, with respect, yours, truly,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Renew your orders to Generals Hooker and Howard to fortify their fronts during the night. A staff officer has been sent to General McPherson for his report of the day, and the general is now awaiting his return.

Yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 22, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I sent you a dispatch after my return to my headquarters this evening that Hooker reported he had the whole rebel army in his front and wanted re-enforcements. I thought at the time he was stampeded, but in view of the probability that the enemy might believe

