
we intended to make the real attack on our right, would oppose us with as much of his force as he could possibly spare, I ordered one division of Howard's to be relieved by Palmer, and placed in reserve behind Hooker. I have also directed Palmer to draw out of the intrenchments all his disposable force, and place it in reserve for any call that may be made on it. Hooker's position is a very strong one, and before I left him he certainly had his troops as well together as Howard has had for the last three days, and Howard has repulsed every attack the enemy has made on him in very handsome style. General Schofield has received your orders. He informed me by note that they embody substantially your instructions to him. The enemy cannot possibly send an overwhelming force against Hooker without exposing his weakness to McPherson.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 22, 1864-11.15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just received telegram from Colonel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut, at Acworth, that 500 enemy's cavalry are on Sandtown road, three miles from there. Colonel Ross being of your command, in the absence of the general commanding I refer the matter to you.

I am, general, with much respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

JUNE 22, 1864-6.30 A. M.

Captain CASE:

Enemy strengthened his works last night on top of Kenesaw. Can see on right knob embrasures for eight guns and for one on High Kenesaw.

MEEKER,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 22, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to write that General Palmer will relieve Kings' division, and send it over as soon as the movement can be made under cover of darkness; that he is close under the enemy's guns, and his movement would be perceived during the continuance of daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

