
and as it was yet early and effort was made to push the right still farther forward on the last-named road, as it was thought some advantage would be gained by establishing ourselves on some high ground beyond. General Knipe threw forward a force on the road, and also skirmishers on the left, while Major-General Schofield advanced a similar column from the Twenty-third Corps on the right. Before advancing far they encountered the enemy in force, and in order to gain time to establish our lines and batteries the advanced troops were instructed to make a resolute defense, and only abandon their position when overcome by superior numbers. About 4.30 p. m. the enemy had deployed his lines and commenced throwing his masses forward with great violence on our right and center, which was madly persisted in until after sundown. As often as he made his assaults he was spiritedly repulsed, sometimes with his columns hopelessly broken and demoralized. Our artillery did splendid execution among them. At this hour I have no means of estimating his loss or my own. The enemy's must be severe; ours inconsiderable for the number of men engaged and the heavy blow they gave to the enemy. After his troops were routed it was my desire to pursue, but the smallness of my force available for the service would not justify the movement. The conduct of the troops throughout the day was sublime.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Holes' House, June 22, 1864-8.10 a. m.

Brigadier-General GEARY, Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The divisions of Generals Butterfield and Williams are ordered to advance. The movement will commence at once. The major-general commanding directs that when they go forward that you throw forward your skirmish line, supported by a brigade and a battery. He wishes you to keep up connection with both Butterfield and Williams with your skirmish line. Let your other troops be held in readiness to spring forward in support if needed. He wishes you to send forward with the advancing brigade all your pioneer force, to be ready for use as they may be needed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 22, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I send a report inclosed, this moment received from Colonel Faulkner concerning enemy's position last night. Wood's brigade, being familiar with the ground, are ordered out to push a skirmish line to the hill we obtained on the evening of the 19th, and support it, keeping up connection on the left with Fourth Corps and right with Geary, as ordered by Captain Howard of your staff. The balance of the division in readiness. I regret that I am not as well as I could wish this morning owing to continued diarrhea, but I shall try to be around.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

