
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS 136TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,June 22, 1864.

Captain SPEED,

A. A. G., Third Division, Twentieth Corps:

CAPTAIN: My captains give some information in addition to that given last night; that immediately in front of the crest on which my advanced skirmishers were there seemed to be a gap in the enemy's line of works (at a point due east of the line of works then occupied by the First Brigade of this division), that the enemy had two lines of battle formed on the (our) left of that gap, and a considerable force on the (our) right of it; that they had what seemed to be a large gang of negroes at work with axes and spades apparently engaged in closing the gap alluded to above. They heard the order "This way with your axes," "This way with your spades," and the intrenching party were singing en masse at times. This information is reliable so far as it goes. I obtained it from two of my captains who never state anything except upon reliable grounds.

Respectfully, yours,

L. B. FAULKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, in Command of Reconnaissance.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 22, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I have all my regiments but four in line, of course except one at Acworth and one or part of one with trains. There is an interval of rather more than a brigade between Geary's left and my right. If I move to the right it will open a gap between Howard and myself which I have had some difficulty in getting filled once. General Thomas has just left here, and I have requested him (showing your note) to let Howard extend to the right. In this event I shall be able to fill up between Geary and myself. I will extend my line to a single line, if you so direct, putting in the four regiments now out, but I do not think it wise to do so from the demonstrations and work going on in my front. General Thomas was to send me word as soon as he could ascertain whether Howard would move to the right, in which event, without waiting, I will extend toward Geary. Our general line, I think, is too much extended to the right, but of course I am not to judge of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Beecher will tell you concerning our front.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Holes' House, Ga., June 22, 1864-5.45 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: I am ordered to advance on the enemy's left to-day, provided the rods and the weather are favorable. From present appearances I think there will be nothing to prevent on account of either. Your in-

