
tended movements having much more influence on those of mine, please inform me if you intend to advance to-day, the general direction of the movement, and if you have an enemy in your front along the Powder Springs and Marietta road. The line I now hold is so long that I have not deemed it prudent to extend the main line to connect with yours, but should your line of advance be along the Powder Springs road the distance between us will be so much contracted that after advancing a mile or two I shall be able to establish my right on that road and take care of everything on the east of it. If I should find no heavy force in my front, my line might cross the road. If you have an enemy in your immediate front, I can detach and relieve you by marching to his rear. Yesterday reconnaissance were made all along in front of me for a mile to a mile and a half in distance, but nothing developed excepting heavy lines of skirmishers behind their improvised defenses.

If you advance be pleased to inform me of the hour, as it seems to be important that yours and mine should be simultaneous. I send you my map in order that you may see my position. Please return it by the bearer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 22, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division.

The commanding officer at Acworth reports about 500 rebel cavalry three miles from there on Sandtown road. Send scout for them.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 22, 1864.

General ELLIOTT, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that after receiving your dispatch, I sent out parties on the important roads leading toward Acworth-one that passed around through Dallas to Burnt Church cross-roads toward Burnt Hickory and around to the Allatoona road. They report that about forty of the enemy's cavalry came from Powder Springs last night, to the Dallas road, and passed Burnt Church toward Raccoon on the Allatoona road. No other party of the enemy apparently had passed there. The party sent on the direct Sandtown and Acworth road has not yet reported, though I think this party of forty all who have been in our rear, except for or five scouts.

I would most respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact that the column of my Second Brigade (Colonel Lamson), in passing into Acworth at 10 p. m. on the 17th instant, found no pickets on any of the four following roads leading to that place, viz, Big Shanty, Ridge, Allatoona, and Moon's Station. I suppose the other roads were in the same condition. Colonel Lamson has reported the circumstance to me officially, in writing, and I suppose the post commandant has some satisfactory military theory on which to account for it.

