
Major-General Schofield requested me to find out what was in Powder Springs to-day. I found about forty of the enemy's cavalry. Three brigades were there last evening, and are encamped the other side. Anything of importance I will communicate by signal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I wrote about the disposition to be made of condemned horses. Please answer.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 22, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The rain having ceased and a prospect of roads drying up, I have to instruct that you cause your cavalry to be most active down to the Sweet Water, both on the Powder Springs road and the Factory road. Hold the place on your map called Cherry's [Cheney's], and turn your head of column up the Marietta road till you support Hooker's right, and then act according to circumstances. If Johnston fights for Marietta we must accept battle, but if he give ground we must be most Sandtown road. I will probably meet you to-day about Mrs. Kolb's on the Powder Springs and Marietta road.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 22, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have pushed forward on the Marietta road until I connect with General Hooker's right, which is considerably in advance of the rest of his line. The fighting has been heavy during most of the afternoon and has been decidedly to our advantage. Prisoners say we are only a mile and a half from the railroad. General Hooker says we are a little in advance of Kolb's. I have one brigade on the Sandtown road and my cavalry covers the interval. I regard my hold of that road as secure. Prisoners say the whole of Hood's corps left their right and came this side of Marietta yesterday. They made an assault upon me and also upon Hooker this evening with the evident purpose of breaking our lines, yet their assaults were hardly strong enough for the force named. Prisoners all agree that Hood's whole corps was in our front to-day, and do not know that any force but cavalry took their place on the enemy's right. My loss is about 100, that of the enemy much larger. We have taken about 50 prisoners.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Our position is but little in advance of the Marietta and Sand town cross-roads, which I understand to be from four to five miles from Marietta.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

