
IN THE FIELD, June 22, 1864-2 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have arrived at the junction of the road I started on with the Powder Springs and Marietta, and am just on the right of General Hooker's line. The right of his line will rest on the left of the Powder Springs and Marietta road as you face toward Marietta. He is looking for a strong position for his line and is going to fortify strong, anticipating an attack between this and night. I have one brigade across the road barricading as you suggested. Will mass the others near the junction of the roads and await further instructions from you. I think it I conform to General Hooker's right it will cause me to move in the direction of Marietta, thus widening the gap between General Cox and myself.

Yours,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

There is pretty sharp skirmishing now on the left of Hooker's line; nothing in my front.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 22, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that General Hascall has reached the intersection of the Marietta and Powder Springs roads, and that General Stoneman has been ordered to open communication between you with as little delay as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Junction Sandtown and Powder Springs Roads,

June 22, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

The position at the junction seems to me to require the bulk of my force,and it then covers very handsomely the roads in every direction. I am looking for a position on the Marietta road for Cameron's brigade about half a mile in rear in accordance with the commanding general's directions. Our outposts will cover the front a considerable distance, and General Stoneman is putting in cavalry on the right and front. My opinion is that I am better situated so than if I detach another brigade direct to the front, but if, on consideration, the commanding general still desires it, will you please send me word.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

