HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 22, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Hascall is in position at the intersection of the Marietta and Sandtown roads. My information is that the enemy is in strong force in our front and will probably attack. You will please move with three brigades toward Marietta until you come up with Hascall and support him. Instruct the other brigade to hold the cross-roads where you are strongly, and if compelled to fall back, to retire slowly to the creek and defend the crossing at all hazards.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Powder Springs Road, June 22, 1864.

Colonel J. W. REILLY, Commanding First Brigade:

The right of the command here very nearly approaches the left of the position held by Colonel Barter, and the front to the southeast is across a wide, open valley, which makes the line of the road a fine one to hold. I have put in batteries on my right so as to sweep the valley nearly all the way to you, and I think there is very little danger of an enemy getting in between us if you watch well your left, and the part of the left front which is covered by woods. You had better have a detachment patrol the road up to my right at daybreak in the morning. The cavalry now occupy the gap between us pretty well. Ask General Stoneman, or the officer left with the cavalry there, to use his means as fully as possible to cover the approach to you. Hooker repulsed the enemy's assault this p. m. and the rebels lost severely. They may try it again in the morning, but we shall be better prepared for them.

Yours,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 22, 1864-3 p. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Detachment of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that General Hascall has reached the intersection of the Marietta and Powder Springs roads, and he desires you to open communication between General Hascall and General Cox, on the road indicated to you this morning, with as little delay as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, ETC.,In the Field, June 22, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Major-General STONEMAN:

The enemy appear to be in strong force in front of Hascall. Cox is directed to bring forward three brigades to his support, leaving one to

