
hold the cross-roads. I hear nothing of your cavalry between Cox and Hascall except the small party just come through from you. Please put in a force sufficient to cover the flank of this position and connect with the brigade left at the cross-roads.

Respectfully,

J. M. S.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 22, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am starting for what I deem the point of most activity to-day, though the state of the roads won't admit of much activity. Yet we may gain possession of ground useful. I wish you to keep Garrard moving about, without breaking connection with you entirely, so as to keep the enemy on his right flank; the same of Blair's corps, operating on a circle of smaller radius. The Fifteenth Corps might wheel a little to the right, gaining ground and increasing the pressure on the enemy, holding fast all it makes, whilst Dodge's two divisions should be disposed so as best to cover Big Shanty, as against a sally from Kenesaw on the road at its base. Keep the skirmish line in motion all the time, but hold the rear masses ready to re-enforce Thomas, should he become heavily engaged. Thomas will keep pressing up to Marietta, his right on the Powder Springs road and his left on the Burnt Hickory, contracting his lines as he advances.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 22, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Hooker this p. m. advanced to the Kolb house, two miles and a half southwest of Marietta, and reports finding the enemy in as strong force as three corps. He was attacked twice, but successfully repulsed the enemy. General Thomas thins that will be the enemy's tactics, and that you ought to attack Marietta from that side of Kenesaw, but I judge the safer and better plan to be the one I indicated, viz, for you to leave a light force to cover that flank and throw the remainder rapidly and as much out of view as possible to our right. You may make the necessary orders, and be prepared for rapid action to-morrow; so dispose matters that the bit guns of Kenesaw will do as little mischief as possible.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

P. S.-Railroad and telegraph all right. No mails or news. Notify Sweeny's division to be all ready to move at a moment's notice, to be replaced if necessary.

W. T. S.

