HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shantry, June 22, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN, Chattanooga:

Has any portion of General J. E. Smith's division reached Chattanooga yet? If they have, you had better post them for the present at Dalton. And the general commanding further desires you to give very close attention for the next few days to keeping the road open. Inasmuch as the telegraph line is being so much interfered with, you should complete your arrangements at once and guard against all contingencies.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

I have the honor to report that I sent scouting parties out on all the roads leading east and northeast from Big Shanty. They found all of General Garrard's cavalry north and west of Noonday Creek; his principal force on Alabama road northeast of Big Shanty. He was picketing all the bridges and fords on Noonday Creek. At one bridge north of the Alabama road the enemy have pickets on this side of the creek. At all other points they are on the other side. General Garrard had crossed Noonday Creek some two days ago, but had fallen back again to this side. The only ford on the creek is at Latimer's. At the present stage of water this ford is said to be impassable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw, Ga., June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Department of the Tennessee:

I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions, I intrenched my command in the position taken last night and pressed forward my skirmish line of the base of the mountain, passing the gradual ascent, and it now rests where the mountain commences to ascend abruptly. It is with great difficulty that men can climb the mountain at all. The rebel skirmisher are near their rifle-pits, about one-third the distance down from the crest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN,

June 22, 1864-11.45 p. m.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

Major-General Thomas reports the main force of the enemy on his right, and thinks it may be probable that the enemy will attack him.

