
Have Sweeny's division in readiness to march at a moment's notice to Thomas' support. Sprague's brigade can also be in readiness to move to the right of Fuller, relieving a brigade of General Davis.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN,

June 22, 1864-11.45 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

Major-General Thomas reports the main force of the enemy on his right, and thinks it very probable they will attack him. Hold your troops well in hand for active movements to-morrow morning. It may be necessary to shift a portion of my command rapidly to the right to the support of General Thomas, without, however, uncovering the main roads leading from Marietta to Big Shanty and Acworth. have your pioneer companies open a road to-night behind the enemy's intrenchments which we now occupy, out of sight of and protected from the guns on Kenesaw Mountain so that Gresham's and Leggett's division can march by the right flank to replace a portion of Logan's command, which will be shoved still farther on. Your skirmishers and pickets must be kept well out, and every precaution taken to mask our movements from the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, June 22, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: In compliance with your communication of this date I have the honor to report that no movements of importance have occurred in this corps to-day. The enemy has kept up a galling fire of artillery and musketry along my front, causing some casualties. The line in the center of the Third Division (General Leggett's) has been advanced to a point indicated to the general commanding this morning. The men are continually employed in covering themselves more perfectly in their present position. No movements of any importance have been observed on the part of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, June 22, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Telegraph received. I of course do not wish to interfere with what negroes you wish in the several staff departments or for servants, nor will I sanction for one moment any act of recruiting officers in inter-

