
fering therewith. Still I desire that you will send to the rear all negroes you may not require. I congratulate you most heartily on your success thus far, and am satisfied the God of battles will continue to prosper you in your efforts to crush this wicked rebellion. I shall proceed to Nashville to-morrow via Huntsville, and then proceed to Kentucky to organize colored troops. Negroes are coming in very rapidly. If you require additional regiments of such troops, please let me know at Louisville.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., June 22, 1864.

Colonel CROXTON,

Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

COLONEL: The general commanding district directs that you move with your command to-morrow morning for Resaca, marching by way of Ship's Gap and Snake Gap, thoroughly patrolling the country in the vicinity of your line of march, and making frequent reports to these headquarters. He also directs that you arrest and send to nearest post or station, to be forwarded to these headquarters, the influential rebels of the country thorough which you pass, and appropriate to the use of the Government such horses as you may find suitable for cavalry service. You will exercise your own judgment in regard to other measures that may be necessary to be taken to insure the safety of railroad communications to the front.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MOE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS,

Camp, Big Shanty, Ga., June 22, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 10.25 a. m. 23d.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

No rain to-day. No farther advance on our part, and several new positions on the mountain are occupied by enemy, from which they opened on our camp with shell, compelling some changes. Railroad and telegraph all right now. Prisoners taken to-day say Johnston called to command Army of Virginia. Lee made general-in-chief, vice Bragg. Ewell in command in our front. We hope so.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 23, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 4.20 p. m. 24th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We continue to press forward, operating on the principle of an advance against fortified positions. The whole country is one vast fort, and Johnston must have full fifty miles of connected trenches, with

