
abatis and finished batteries. We gain ground daily, fighting all the time. On the 21st General Stanley gained a position near the southeast of Kenesaw, from which the enemy attempted in vain to drive him, and the same day General T. J. Wood's division took a hill, which the enemy assaulted three times at night without success, leaving more than 100 dead on the ground. Yesterday the extreme right (Hooker and Schofield) advanced on the Powder Springs road to within three miles of Marietta. The enemy made a strong effort to drive them away, but failed signally, leaving more than 200 dead on the field. Our lines are now in close contact and the fighting incessant, with a good deal of artillery. As fast as we gain one position the enemy has anther all ready, but I think he will soon have to let go Kenesaw, which is the key to whole country. The weather is now better, and the roads are drying up fast. Our losses are light, and, notwithstanding the repeated breaks of the road to our rear, supplies are ample.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 23, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Big Shanry:

GENERAL: Major-General Howard advanced a heavy line of skirmishers this afternoon against the hill in front of Butterfield's position of yesterday, and succeeded in capturing the enemy's skirmish rifle-pits with something over forty of the occupants. He was not able to carry the top of the hill, as it was strongly intrenched and defended by Cleburne's division. I think, however, he has opened the way for a further advance through the valley running along the base of the hill in the direction of Marietta. I have not yet received Howard's official report, and am therefore unable to give you any more definite information.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Kolb's House, Ga., June 23, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: On examination of my line on the left this morning, I was very much surprised to find the hill which I had directed Major-General Butterfield to take possession of yesterday had been mistaken for a smaller one adjoining it, and respectfully suggest that the troops occupying the position of General Butterfield's left yesterday be ordered to advance and take possession of it, as believe it commands the Dallas and Marietta road in rear of the force holding some part of our line in that vicinity in check. General Geary's batteries can play upon its summit and its two sides, and can disperse, I think, any force the rebels can have on it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

