
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,
June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I would respectfully report, for information of Major-General Hooker, that the brigade of General Ward was finally relieved about daylight this morning. I have taken it up to the balance of the division instead of leaving it in the rear of Geary's left, as I proposed, if it was fully relieved before day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 23, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: My division is about formed now; been delayed by Ward's brigade. The nature of the front and the works Major Reynolds will explain to you. I propose to advance a regiment and six companies, supported if necessary. Will this meet your propose? It will cost a good many men, I think, from the nature of the ground. Major Reynolds and Captain Oliver will explain all to you. I think you should understand them fully before I make any move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

KINGSTON, June 23, 1864.

General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

One man killed in skirmish last night on south side of Etowah River, near Wooley's Bridge. Yesterday a large force was reported approaching with a view of attacking Adairsville and Calhoun. I made preparation for them, but whatever the force, it has retired. I think it is Dibrell's command of Tennesseeans. They had started back to recross at Canton, but I had burned the bridge. It is more than fifty miles to the nearest bridge over the Etowah. Do you think it would be prudent to send less than a regiment to destroy it?

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 23, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Kingston, Ga.:

Your division will patrol road from Cartersville to Spring Place; if necessary, above. Station your strongest brigade at or near Resaca for its headquarters, and to patrol north of Oostenaula. With other portions of your division patrol from Cartersville to Ostenaula. It is probable that your headquarters will, as soon as you can be relieved, be moved to Cartersville. Small parties of enemy should be broken up; larger parties pursued, attacked, and routed, to prevent damage to rail-

