
road. Send regiment to burn bridge above Canton. Persons going south can be sent via Rome, not through Kenesaw. Provisions not to be issued; General Sherman's orders forbid it.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Kolb's House, June 23, 1864-12 m.

General ELLIOTT:

General Stoneman reports to General Schofield that there is a force of rebel cavalry at Powder Springs looking in the direction of our rear. Send orders to McCook to look after them at once. General Stoneman's whole force is on the other side of Noyes' Creek.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 23, 1864-3 p. m.

General McCOOK,

Lost Mountain Post-Office:

The rebel cavalry at Powder Springs is reported looking to our rear. Look out for it at once.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST. CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The whole party I sent after the 500 has returned. They went around by Owen's Mill, Burnt Hickory, &amp;c. The rebels have had a small force, probably 100 or 200, there, but not more than forty or fifty had been moving in any direction toward Acworth. It is impossible for me to cover all the roads leading in that direction; all I can do is to scout and patrol the country as thoroughly as my force will admit of. I would like to attack those three brigades the other side of Powder Springs, and will do so if any possibility of success offers. They are now behind barricades, and it would be folly to attempt it. I am so tired of taking my share of this fight in little skirmishers and scouting parties that I would risk cheerfully the lives and wind of the few anatomical steeds I have left for the purpose of getting my proportion of the glory, if there is any for the cavalry, of this campaign. I recognize the certainty that whatever is done must be done quickly, if we do it mounted. The party I sent to cut the railroad failed. The Chattahoochee was so high it was impossible to cross except at the public ferries, which are well guarded. The rebels have a complete chain clear to the river. I will start another party to-day that I think may succeed.

Please send me the news.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

