HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 23, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Upon advancing and extending somewhat my right this p. m. I found the enemy occupying and intrenching a line which extends entirely across the valley to Olley's Creek to the wooded ridge beyond which you saw to-day. The general direction of the line from the point where it crosses the Powder Springs road is about southeast; it seems to run about the headwaters of Olley's Creek, and passes through open field for a distance of half a mile or more; it extends much beyond the point to which my line would reach if deployed with its left on the Powder Springs road. I have deployed only three brigades, holding the remainder in reserve for any move which may be deemed advisable.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BOYD,

Chief Quartermaster Twenty-third Army Corps:

COLONEL: Information has been received that a brigade of rebel cavalry is moving up on the southwest side of Noyes' Creek, via Powder Springs, toward our rear. Please take necessary measures to have the train parked compactly, and warn the commanding officer of the regiment to be on the alert. One of General Cox's regiments has been ordered down on the Powder Springs road to Mud Creek to hold the crossing at Mud Creek. Communicate with it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 23, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The whole of my small force is now on picket duty, keeping and covering the country between Powder Springs (which,owing to the non co-operation of McCook, we have to hold) and Hascall. Shall I call in the force at the P[owder] S[prings] bridge or push it down on the P[owder] S[prings] and Atlanta road? I shall call Butler in from between Hascall and Cox and put him on the Sandtown road.

STONEMAN,

General, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 23, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Do now withdraw the force from between Reilly and Hascall; it is very important to watch that gap. You may defer the recon-

