
naissance for the present if you have not the force to spare from other sources. I find the enemy still holds Kenesaw, and hence is probably in force somewhere in our front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CROSS-ROADS, June 23, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Adams informs me that he has information he thinks reliable that a Texas brigade is moving up on the southwest side of Noye's Creek, via Powder Springs, toward our rear. Adams has as much as he can take care of on this side of the creek in his front, and it might be well, I think, to take steps accordingly.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 23, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The commanding general is informed that the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, which was ordered this morning to support Colonel Adams, has gone off with him. The general desires the Twelfth Kentucky ordered back at once. If it can come back by the same route it went out, so as to protect the Powder Springs road until the hospitals are removed to this side of Noyes' Creek, the regiment will return by that route.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN,

June 23, 1864-12.15 a. m.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

Major-General Thomas reports the main force of the enemy on his right. Have Harrow's division in readiness to move to his support at a moment's notice and hold your other two divisions well in hand for active movements to-morrow morning. Let the troops cover themselves as much as possible from the guns on Kenesaw Mountain. The skirmishers must be kept well out to engage the attention of the enemy, and we must be prepared to move to the right to support that wing of the army, without, however, uncovering the main road from Marietta to Big Shanty and Acworth.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

37 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

