HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

Major-General Thomas reports the main force of the enemy on his right, and thinks he may be attacked. Hold your command in readiness to march at a moment's notice to his support. In case you receive orders to march the two regiments on duty with Fourth Division will accompany you.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN,

June 23, 1864-8.40 a. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

You will cause a strong reconnaissance to be made with General Leggett's division toward the right flank of the enemy, threatening to turn their position, and also menacing the town of Marietta. The troops should march light, preceded by a heavy line of skirmishers, and move in such a manner as not to expose their flanks to artillery fire from Kenesaw Mountain. One battery of light field guns (3-inch Rodmans) will accompany the infantry. It is not expected to hold the ground gained, but for the troops to return after making their demonstration and gaining a knowledge of the roads and country. I have written to Brigadier General K. Garrard, commanding cavalry division, to co-operate with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 23, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Leggett is going to make a strong re-connaissance from his position on Brush Mountain toward the enemy's right flank, and also to threaten the town of Marietta. I desire you to co-operate with him, and for this purpose you will open communications immediately with General Leggett's left, so that you can move forward with a portion of your force at least on our left flank. You will, of course, look out for your own flank on Noonday Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

General Leggett will move forward as soon as you are ready.

McP.

