HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 23, 1864-12.30 a. m.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The report of your reconnaissance of to-day received and is perfectly satisfactory. Major-General Thomas reports the main force of the enemy on his right, and I may have to move a portion of my command to his support in the morning. I wish you to crowd the enemy as much as possible on our left, and engage his attention without breaking your communication with our infantry. Leggett's division of the Seventeenth Corps occupied Brush Mountain, but it may be necessary for me to move him to our right to-morrow without, however, giving up the position, as it is a very important and commanding one. I state this in order that you may watch the movements of our left in your operations to-morrow, and govern yourself accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Big Shanty, June 23, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: As the question may arise, and you have a right to the support of my authority, I now decide that the use of the torpedo is justifiable in war in advance of an army, so as to make his advance up a river or over a road more dangerous and difficult. But after the adversary has gained the country by fair warlike means, then the case entirely changes. The use of torpedoes in blowing up our cars and the road after they are in our possession, is simply malicious. It cannot alter the great problem, but simply make trouble. Now, if torpedoes are found in the possession of an enemy to our rear, you may cause them to be put on the ground and tested by wagon-loads of prisoners, or, if need be, citizens implicated in their use. In like manner, if a torpedo is suspected on any part of the road, order the point to be tested by a car-load of prisoners, or citizens implicated, drawn by a long rope. Of course an enemy cannot complain of his own traps.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BASCOM:

A scout returned this morning reports that yesterday Young's band of rebels was at Aliculsa Valley, thirty miles from here, and Harrison, with thirty men on foot, yesterday morning between Benton and Columbus, fourteen miles from here. Another scout, who also returned this morning after three days' absence, reports that he left the Spring Place early this morning at sunrise, and says eight regiments from Johnston's right wing left seven days ago forth purpose of destroying our line of communication between Cleveland and Knoxville; also between Chattanooga and Dalton. The command separated

