HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Gordon's Gap, Ga., May 7, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Butterfield's division is descending the mountain. A few of the enemy's pickets were pushed along the crest of the ridge as we marched along the base. I learn that the enemy has a cavalry picket of about 400 or 500 men at Gordon's Springs. Have no doubt but that it will retire as we advance, if it has not already done so. Williams' division was crossing the ridge as I passed by the Nickajack Trail. Kilpatrick is over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 20TH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, Anderson's House, Ga., May 7, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My command has arrived at Trickum Post-Office, and at the intersection of the Gordon's Gap road with the Ringgold and Villanow, with the exception of some portion of the train which is delayed by the heavy grade at Gordon's Gap. Williams' division is posted, two brigades at Trickum Post-Office, and one brigade well in advance on the road toward Buzzard Roost. Two brigades of Butterfield's division and two of Geary's are posted near the junction of the Gordon's Gap road and the Ringgold and Villanow; one brigade in advance of this point toward Buzzard Roost, and one brigade near Gordon's Springs. This brigade is intended to move in conjunction with Kilpatrick's cavalry in the direction of Villanow early in the morning. The only enemy that we have seen or heard of has been a few cavalry pickets. I beg leave to call the attention of the major-general commanding to he importance of seizing and holding Snake Creek Gap, having no knowledge of his intended movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

Communication has been had with Johnson's division, Palmer's corps, and will be continued.

J. H.

The bulk of my train I left on the other side of the ridge near Nickajack Gap.

J. H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Tunnel Hill, May 7, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,Commanding Twentieth Corps, Anderson's House:

Your dispatch of 3.30 received. The major-general commanding the department directs me to inform you that the Snake creek Gap will or ought to be occupied to-morrow by McPherson's troops. Your dispositions are all satisfactory to the major-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

