HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, June 24, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Your note is received. Schofield reports he can't go ahead for the enemy and his intrenchments, and is far outflanked. I suppose the enemy, with his smaller force, intends to surround us. But I propose to study the ground well, and the day after to-morrow break through, after letting him develop his line as much as possible and attenuate. According to Blair his right is now at Roswell Factory, and according to Schofield his left is more than a mile to his right, across Olley's Creek; so our best chance is to break through. I am just making orders on this subject, which I wish kept to army commanders for the present. Railroad and telegraph again broken between Dalton and Tunnel Hill. McPherson had a column one mile and a half to his left front on the Bell's Ferry road, and is now feeling Kenesaw. Hooker and Schofield will advance along the Powder Springs road as soon as they come.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 24, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt through you of General Rousseau's communication in copy, the original of which also came to hand.

The general commanding thinks quite favorably of the suggestions therein, and desires you to instruct General Rousseau to gradually collect his available force of cavalry and infantry at Pulaski, Athens, and Decatur upon the representation of protecting our roads against Forrest, but really to strike as proposed; the cavalry to be well fed, and the infantry stripped for light rapid movements, and to be ready to move at telegraphic notice from us. The time to do it will be when we have forced Johnston across the Chattahoochee. The general commanding has just received telegraphic information that General A. J. Smith moves from Memphis, via Corinth, to engage Forrest (who is now at Baldwin), anywhere between Corinth and Tupelo. Smith has 9,000 infantry and 3,000 cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 24, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I have a prisoner this morning from the Thirtieth Mississippi, Hindman's division. He reports the enemy's main line very strong about a mile back, or in front of us. He reports two batteries in position and protected with works, with a heavy reserve to their picket, about one-fourth mile in front of Coburn's line. He states that Cleburne's division commenced moving to their left yesterday at 2 or 3 p. m. As he understood it, they were moving there, anticipating a move-

