
ment of ours on their left. He says their picket is very much stronger than ours, vedettes thicker; that they were in readiness, and expecting an attack from us yesterday.

I send him herewith.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lost Mountain, Ga., June 24, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday I sent parties to Burnt Hickory, Owen's Mill, Dallas, and Powder Springs, and also from the Burnt Church on the Allatoona and Acworth roads. Some of the detachments did not return until 2 o'clock this morning, consequently omitted the usual report las tonight. All these parties report that there are no rebels on any of these roads in our rear, nor has there been any except small scouting parties. Jackson's rebel division (three brigades) is encamped on the creek southeast of Powder Springs covering the Atlanta road, and patrolling to the river. I have refrained from attacking these fellows in the works, not from inclination, but want of men. They cannot move very well without my knowing it, and if they come out I will fight them, although they are so much superior in force. At the time your dispatch was received yesterday the enemy's pickets had been driven away from the vicinity of Powder Springs, and my men were making a topographical survey of the roads. General Stoneman had demoralized me by a dispatch a few minutes before. I start a party again to-night to try their railroad. If they fail I will have to give it up. Our forces at Acworth had no pickets out yesterday morning, so my officers report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Statement of J. M. Glass (scout).

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Kenesaw, June 24, 1864.

Says I left the Federal lines on 18th instant in company with J. C. Moore; passed around to the left of the Federal army; first came up to rebel cavalry two miles this side of Marietta; was at Colonel Hill's headquarters till morning of 20th instant. That morning got a pass through lines for ten days. Started on horseback for Atlanta. Went by way of Baker's Ferry, seventeen miles below the bridge. Staid that night near there. Next morning kept down the river to Campbellton. Went from there to the house of George N. Torrence, half way between Falcon and Palmetto, on West Point railroad. That evening to Fairburn, eighteen miles from Atlanta, on West Point railroad. From there to Jonesborough, twenty miles south of Atlanta, on Macon and Western Railroad. Staid at the house of James Davis that night

