
(21st instant). Next morning went to Atlanta. Said there about three hours and left for Marietta, crossing river at railroad bridge; arrived at Marietta same evening. Staid there all night and yesterday. Left Marietta this morning. Came though rebel lines on Cato road. Wheeler's cavalry were on duty there. Came into Federal lines on Colonel Minty's front. Came past General Johnston's headquarters, one mile this side of center of Marietta, on Burnt Hickory road. I also stopped at Colonel Hill's headquarters, half a mile up the railroad from Marietta. Colonel Hill asked me in retard to re-enforcements; if any had arrived for the Federal army, and if any of the 100-days' men had arrived. On the south side of the river, at Baker's Ferry, about twenty-five soldiers were at work throwing up earth-works (rifle-pits); thirty or forty yards were finished. Men were at work this side of the river felling the timber. From there to Sandtown, four miles below, I could see no intrenchments. At Sandtown there is a ferry and about fifty State troops stationed; no works thrown up that I could see. From there to Campbellton, eight miles below Sandtown, there are no fortifications. At Campbellton there were about twenty-five rebel cavalrymen; no fortifications there. The river had a good stage of water. Some place between Campbellton and Baker's Ferry there is a ford when the river is low; could not ascertain where it was. At Fairburn there were about fifty State troops. At Jonesborough there were 150 State troops. I first struck the fortifications three miles south of Atlanta. They were well built-made entirely of dirt, from ten to fifteen feet in breadth and ten feet in height-where the artillery was to be planted. Between these points there was strong and well-built rifle-pits. They extended as far as I could see. The time I could look around in Atlanta I noticed that the Government shops and manufactories were at work as usual. A few citizens were leaving the city. General Johnston was impressing all the negroes about the place to work on the fortifications. Around Atlanta and at the river on this, left side going to-ward Atlanta, there were about 500 negroes working on fortifications, throwing up works for artillery. On the right they have lately thrown up works for artillery. In front there is small scrubby oak timber concealing these from view on an approach from the north. I was desired to find out what troops on the right of Federal army. Loring's old division lies to the right of their line and to the right of Kenesaw Mountain. Kelly's, Martin's, and a part of Humes' divisions of cavalry are on the right. About 10,000 re-enforcements had arrived. Do not know where they are stationed. The day I left Jonesborough two trains passed up on the Macon and Western Railroad loaded with troops.

The day I left Marietta Armstrong's division of cavalry moved won the river in direction of Baker's Ferry. This and a brigade of Humes' is all the cavalry that I know of on the left. From all that I could hear it would seem that Johnston was determined to fight on his present line; but I was told by an officer that they had orders to be ready to hitch up their teams at a moment's notice. I think most of the transportation is on this side of the river. Nearly all the road from Atlanta to Marietta was filled with wagon trains headlong provisions to the army; do not know why they are not conveyed by railroad. Trains are running on the railroad, I should judge, as fast as they have room for them; counted five trains going south between Marietta and the river (box cars); could not see what was in them; were running very fast.

