
A great number of sick and wounded are sent south from Marietta. Stevenson's division lost very heavily in a fight the other day. An officer told me there were 29 officers killed in the division. From 100 to 150 come up daily from hospitals in the rear. The breast-works on the Canton road are about one miles from Marietta. I brought two papers of date June 22 and one of the 24th. On yesterday a deserter from General Hooker's command was brought into Marietta. He gave them all the information he could. He told them General Hooker's command was on the extreme right. They seemed anxious to know from him what forces were on the right.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General McPherson has gone over to the center with Major-General Sherman. He desires you to press forward your skirmishers as close as possible, with a view to find out any movement of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

I have the honor to report that I advanced my skirmishers to-day half-way up the mountain, on the right of the line, near the gorge. The enemy's skirmishers returned to their rifle-pits. The officer reports that their works were in plain view for a considerable distance; that they are pretty strong, and evidently well filled with men. Only one line was discovered, and it is all they have on this side of the mountain. There are no roads going over the mountains on my front. On my right I drew back the line 200 yards from the fact that it had poor cover, and was exposed to a cross fire from the enemy's line causing the loss of several men. The left and center hold the ground taken. On the right the enemy do not come out of their pits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that I advanced the skirmishers along my entire front this morning. Those of Gresham's (Fourth) division

