
found the enemy's skirmishers in their usual number and position. Upon the approach of Gresham's skirmishers the enemy's line was rapidly and strongly re-enforced. Upon the left of Leggett' (Third) division the skirmishers were advanced, supported by a regiment, about one mile, where they met a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers, who stubbornly contested our farther advance. It was observed from several points on our line that as soon as the advance of our line was known to the enemy, his troops immediately filled the strong line of works extending from the Kenesaw Mountain eastwardly, showing very plainly that his force in my front is undiminished. The ridge in front of Leggett's left, and running nearly at right angles to our line, which has been pointed out to the major-general commanding, was not occupied by the enemy, who appears to have drawn his skirmishers back to within easy supporting distance of his main works. Although I have never seen their entire line in my front, I am of the opinion that it forms a sort of angle retiring from the mountain toward Marietta, and then taking a more northerly course to the Canton road, the more distant point being about opposite my left. From the nature of the ground I can approach their works very closely under cover. I would also say in this connection that although both yesterday and to-day one of my batteries was placed within three-quarters of a mile of their works, and shelled them for some time, I was unable to elicit any reply from any artillery east of Kenesaw Mountain.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, June 24, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have just received the following from Colonel Watkins, at La Fayette, Ga.:

The rebels under Brigadier General G. J. Pillow, with two brigades, attacked this place at 3 o'clock this morning, and were handsomely repulsed. We have 70 prisoners and over 100 dead bodies, and many wounded. My loss is severe. The Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry has just arrived and will pursue them. I fear Colonel Faulkner, of the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, is captured. Prisoners continually being brought in. Pillow had 3,000 men in his command.

I have ordered a cautious pursuit and an additional force to within supporting distance of La Fayette.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 24, 1864.

General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Good for Watkins. If he has force enough let him follow Pillow as far as he pleases. He always has Resaca and Rome to fall back on.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

