
CHATTANOOGA, June 24, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your dispatch 22nd just received. No portion of General Smith's command has yet arrived. The Seventh Illinois Infantry is temporarily stationed at Tilton, and will keep constant patrol on the road on that vicinity. Colonel Capron left Red Clay this morning for Spring place. Colonel Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, 700 strong, left this place this morning for Resaca, by way of Ship's Gap and Snake [Creek] Gap, both with instructions to thoroughly patrol the country on their respective lines of march, and to use stringent measures to secure the safety of the railroad. A detachment of 175 cavalry from Colonel Lowe's command is temporarily stationed at Resaca for scout and patrol duty. The Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry arrived this morning.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, June 24, 1864.

Captain DAYTON:

The enemy with squads of cavalry are making desperate efforts to cut our communications. The bridges are now all guarded, and mounted force patrolling both sides of the road. Will have tops of cars protected with plank so that guards can defend them. General Smith is at Larkinsville this morning; can reach Stevenson to-night.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

[JUNE 24, 1864.-For Croxton to Steedman, reporting action at La Fayette, see Part II, p. 777.]

RINGGOLD, June 24, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Bridge three miles north of Dalton entirely destroyed; was burned this morning, and the bridge four miles north of Dalton partly burned. I have squads at all bridges between here and Tunnel Hill, and they are all right. Have sent a force to the tunnel, from which I have of heard; will hear by morning and telegraph. With the regular force at the post I cannot guard the six brigades between here and Tunnel Hill and hold the post securely, but I can try. The men I sent to the tunnel I took from a train. I have lost a captain captured.

H. K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CLEVELAND, June 24, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

A scout reports two brigades burned last night between Ringgold and Tunnel Hill, and a skirmish at Varnell's Station. Train returned to

