
Chattanooga. Information of skirmish at Varnell's Station was received by my scout from a scout of the First Tennessee Cavalry. I have sent another scout to Varnell's Station.

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.

KENESAW, GA., June 24, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 2.15 a. m. 25th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Sherman moved to point in field three miles west of Marietta and Thomas to new camp half a mile farther to our right, about same distance from Marietta. Cavalry on left are within two miles of Marietta. No fighting to-day. I have to-day connected my headquarters with Sherman's headquarters by field line of telegraph eight miles long, using field wire, battery, and instruments. It works well, and when we go for Johnston will do service.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.

Numbers 28. In the Field, near Kenesaw Mountain, June 24, 1864.

The army commanders will make full reconnaissance and preparations to attack the enemy in force on the 27th instant, at 8 a. m. precisely. The commanding general will be on Signal Hill, and will have telegraphic communication with all the army commanders.

I. Major-General Thomas will assault the enemy at any point near his center, to be selected by himself, and will make any charges in his troops necessary by night, so as not to attract the attention of the enemy.

II. Major-General McPherson will feign by a movement of his cavalry and one division of infantry on his extreme left, approaching Marietta from the north, and using artillery freely, but will make his real attack at a point south and west of Kenesaw.

III. Major-General Schofield will feel well to his extreme right and threaten that flank of the enemy with artillery and display, but attack some one point of the enemy's line as near the Marietta and Powder Springs road as he can with prospect of success.

IV. All commanders will maintain reserve and secrecy even from their staff officers, but make all the proper preparations and reconnaissances. When troops are to be shifted to accomplish this attack the movements will be made at night. At the time of the general attack the skirmishers at the base of Kenesaw will take advantage of it to gain, if possible, the summit and hold it.

V. Each attacking column will endeavor to break a single point of the enemy's line, and make a secure lodgment beyond, and be prepared for following it up toward Marietta and the railroad in case of success.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

