
NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN, GA.,

June 25, 1864-8 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have nothing new to report. Constant skirmishing and cannonading. I am making some changes in the disposition of our men, with a view to attack the enemy's left center. I shall aim to make him stretch his line until he weakens it and then break through. Johnston has made repeated attempts to break our road to the rear, and has succeeded in two instances, which were promptly repaired. General Steedman, at Chattanooga, reports that General Pillow approached from the south with 3,000 men, but was met at La Fayette by Colonel Watkins and repulsed. Full details not yet received. I think the arrangements to protect our rear are ample as against any probable danger.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, Ga., June 25, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General McPherson will be here, he telegraphs, at 7 a. m., but I hardly expect him so early. I wish you would meet him, say, at 7.30 or 8. I send you a couple of papers which I wish you to red and bring back with you. Let us try to see who are trying to foment jealousies and difficulty in which I know you and McPherson also have not the remotest thought, but which, if not checked, will breed mischief.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

JUNE 25, 1864,.

[General THOMAS:]

On my visit to Schofield I found that the enemy had strengthened his works across the Powder Springs road very much, having made embrasures for three complete batteries, all bearing on Powder Springs road. Line extends as far as can be seen to the right, mostly in timber and party in open ground. The enemy is also on his right flank on the other side of Olley's Creek. I have ordered him to-morrow, Sunday, to move a brigade of infantry and all of Stoneman's cavalry down the Sandtown road and effect a crossing of Olley's Creek on the Sandtown road; at the same time to use artillery pretty freely against the enemy where seen from Cox's present position, which is about two miles above the Sandtown road. My object is to-morrow to attract to that flank as large a force of the enemy as possible, and thereby weaken his center and right. McPherson telegraphs that Harrow's division is at this moment moving to relieving Jeff. Davis. The remainder of that corps will be moved to-morrow evening. That's all I have. Nothing further to-night.

S[HERMAN.]

