
my orders, "no firing unless they can see something to fire at." General Williams' pickets should be advanced to position along the ridge, and covered during the night; it was not done last night.

Respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,June 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The demonstration or disturbance reported last night seems to have been merely a working party of the enemy to protect their skirmishers. There is but little firing in my front, although the pickets are very close. For the 6 casualties of mine yesterday, a captain on the picket-line reports 8 of the enemy carried off on stretchers. General Williams' picket-line is reported to me as fifty yards in rear of mine and not on the ridge, where Major-General Hooker directed they should be placed; his right is not up to the left of my picket-line. I have not been out personally, but this is reported to me by all the staff officers I have sent out. A new brigade is reported to have come down and relieved the enemy's troops in my front last night, and there is considerable more firing then heretofore. The position of the division is one much the same as at Dallas, except a difference of perhaps 100 yards in the distance from the enemy. My troops don't get much rest where they are.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lost Mountain, June 25, 1864.

[Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that one of my scouting parties captured a captain of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry and 2 men, this morning, about a mile this side of Powder Springs. From information received from prisoners I learn that the rebel cavalry are in the habit of passing through Marietta, behind Kenesaw, to our left. It is in this way, I suppose, they got their force along the railroad above Allatoona. These prisoners belong to a new organization to me-Harrison's brigade, Humes' division. They came in from right of rebel army two or three days since. Some of the enemy have shown themselves this morning on the Dallas road near my pickets. I am sending out to ascertain what the force is. Nothing else new.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 25, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

It will be well to let the brigade on the Sandtown road secure the crossing of Olley's Creek to-morrow, and, as auxiliary, Cox might open

