
that shells from your advance battery have been thrown immediately in the locality held by General Gresham's skirmishers. You will please see that it is discontinued, and that your fire is directed more to the front or left. Several men have been wounded, and much embarrassment occasioned on this account.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, June 25, 1864.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,

Commanding at La Fayette, Ga.:

COLONEL: The general directs me to say that the Third and Fourth Kentucky (mounted men) having fresh horses, he has ordered those two regiments to follow in the track of Pillow, as far as prudent, inflicting such punishment as he can, and then your force in the mean time will remain at La Fayette, scouting in the direction of Trenton, Summerville, and Villanow. The general is inclined to the belief that the rebel forces will not move in the direction of your forces even when joined by Forrest, but that they will endeavor to cut the road between here and Bridgeport; but of this you can best inform yourself from reports that Colonel Croxton will send you when he moves.

General Sherman telegraphs: "Good for Watkins."

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MOE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRING PLACE, June 25, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN:

In accordance with orders we moved from Red Clay to this place and encamped. Learning there was a rebel [force] between Westfield and Ellijay, I moved a detachment 400 strong through the gap, down the Westfield pike toward Elijah, and a detachment 400 strong near Carter's Mill, on the right flank, and thence over the mountain to their rear. The forces all returned this a. m., and report that they moved down as far as Elijah and found no enemy, but ascertained that a force of 800 rebel cavalry, composed of Texans and Georgians, broke camp, six miles below Elijah, on the eve of the 23d, and moved toward Atlanta, taking with them a company of home guards stationed at Ellijay. They also ascertained them to be some force that made the advance on Cleveland on the 17th instant, and were driven back by my command. A very intelligent deserter from Wheeler's command has just come in; he reports having met this force in full retreat; left his command four miles above Marietta on the 21st instant. Rebel force, estimated at 75,000, preparing to fall back. I can learn of no rebel force above Ellijay. Will move forward toward Resaca this p. m.

By command of Colonel Horace Capron:

SAMUEL WELLS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

