
Colonel Coburn must be in readiness to repulse an attack at any time of the night. Colonel Wood must be ready to support. Colonel Wood and General Ward, in case of an attack, must be in readiness to support the others or to take care of either or both flanks.

By command of Major-General Butterfield:

JOHN SPEED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 26, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY:

GENERAL: The general commanding will request General Palmer to relieve your right brigade (Whitaker's), but he cannot get it done until in the morning. He thinks Whitaker is not much out of the way to follow up General Newton's column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I sent that flag of truce though to-day by Captain Goulding and Lieutenant Cunningham, and it worked all right. The rebels tore up the bridge across Noyes' Creek, three miles southeast of Powder Springs, on the Atlanta road, last night, and burned it to-day. The left of their cavalry is about the bridge. Armstrong's brigade on the left, then Ross', then Ferguson's. I sent the engineer sergeant along, who took all the roads, streams, &amp;c., and I will furnish you a copy of his map as soon as completed. They still have mounted vedettes on this side; they cross at some ford below, they could not ascertain where. Their horses are in good order, much better than ours. These men in our rear who have been doing the mischief near Tilton belong to this division. They call them Harvey's scouts, and is probably only a small party. The country between here and there is tolerably open, roads good, and no forage. The flag was dismissed with the information that no more would be received except from the general commanding our forces to theirs. Of course I did not suppose they would permit the same experiment to be tried again. I will send Captain Goulding over in the morning, as General Thomas or yourself may wish to ask him some questions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 26, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

What have you from Olley's Creek? Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

