
you assume command of the whole and conduct the march and place the troops in position at or near Cleveland. The Eleventh Kentucky Infantry, en route from Kentucky, is ordered to Charleston and assigned to the Fourth Division, General Ammen commanding. All other troops to arrive from Kentucky are ordered to Cleveland to report to their proper division commanders. All animals, wagons, and other property, including ordnance and commissary stores, coming from Knoxville, and intended for the use of the troops in the field, will be sent to Cleveland instead of Charleston, as heretofore ordered. The headquarters of the corps will be moved to Cleveland on the 3rd instant. The depot of supplies will be temporarily at Cleveland instead of Charleston.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.- The major-general commanding will start for Chattanooga to-morrow a. m., and will rejoin the corps at Cleveland on the 3rd instant. He will see you to-morrow, however, before he goes.

Respectfully,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, May 1, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Cleveland, Tenn.:

The major-general commanding the department directs that upon the arrival of the left wing, under the command of Major General J. M. Schofield, at Cleveland, you move with the Fourth Corps to Catoosa Springs and encamped at that place, being cautious while making the movement that you do not expose your flank to attack. You will leave at Cleveland as a guard two of the regiments whose terms of service have nearly expired. Two regiments of General Cruft's brigade, whose terms of service will soon expire, can also be left at Ooltewah. Colonel E. M. McCook will be ordered to move at the same time and cover your left flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding First Division:

You will prepare to remove your command early on Tuesday morning to Ringgold. Corps headquarters will be at Ringgold to-morrow afternoon.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

