HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, On Road, May 7, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: My advance cavalry has established connection with Kilpatrick's cavalry beyond Gordon's Springs.

BUTTERFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS, Hough's, May 7, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

This point, Mr. Hough's, is the point where the Gordon's Springs road branches off to Villanow. A mile from here is the junction with the main road from Ringgold, through Trickum, to Villanow, &amp;c. This is a fine camp-ground-room for Geary-plenty of water, &c., and to get all our trains up. By such a move, if the programme permits it, we shall be ahead in getting but our front and rear through this ridge. I think all our trains could be got over to-night.

Respectfully,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

I have four or five rebel papers of May 5. Will send them in shortly. I go to select my camp.

D. B.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, May 7, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I have just visited Colonel Ross' line. From his left the enemy's camps are plainly visible about two miles or less distant on what I take to be Buzzard Roost. A regiment of the enemy paraded this evening, so he informs me, about 1,200 yards in front of his line, on his left. His pickets and Williams' connect. His line is necessarily extended, by reason of the discovery of the enemy's camps and fires to his left. It is not well constructed for want of tools and inexperience on the part of the troops. I have sent one regiment from Wood's brigade over there. If is my opinion that Williams should throw one brigade and myself one in the interval between us; that is, between his right any my left, and each of us hold one brigade in reserve to our line. This is founded upon the presumption that I am not mistaken as to seeing the enemy's camps. If they should attack between Ross and Williams, we are not strong enough there. I do not anticipate an attack, of course, but deem it proper to mention the weakness there. I inclose copy of a dispatch just received from General Whipple, viz:

We obtained entire possession of this place at 10 a. m. to-day. No casualties on our side reported yet. The enemy displayed only one battery and some cavalry until after we were in full possession. They then drew up a brigade of infantry, which a few shots from our batteries sent to the rear.

Very respectfully,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Commanding.

