
demonstrations, you will open with a battery on your right upon anything like the enemy's works you may be able to discover across the valley of Olley's Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 26, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel J. W. REILLY,

Commanding First Brigade:

Have your brigade ready to move at daybreak, and notify the batteries to be ready also. Two brigades will be across the valley where Colonel Byrd is, and one of them will push in your direction to dislodge the enemy, and you will make every effort to get a force across for that purpose yourself. Arrange the batteries to silence the enemy's guns, and if the swamp make other routes impassable, you will have to storm the bridge and get a lodgment on the other side by main force. The rest of the army will have hot work probably, and we must push forward our part of the programme. Do not wait for further directions, but commence operations by 5 o'clock at latest.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 26, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel BYRD,

Commanding Third Brigade:

Since your aide left I have concluded that it is most prudent to put your whole force where the First Tennessee is, and keep the skirmishers out in the wood where you now are. Have a bridge built over the brook to-night if possible. Another brigade will be over at daybreak. Make your position strong and hold it tenaciously after it is taken.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Lost Mountain, Ga., June 26, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: General Stoneman's cavalry picket and patrol the Marietta and Atlanta roads in front of Powder Springs, so that there have been no rebels in that place for the last two or three days. We scouted from Powder Springs toward Dallas four or five miles. There have been but small parties of rebels in there since the rains. Small scouting parties come in from the direction of Villa Rice, across the Powder Springs and Dallas road, and scout about the woods and by-roads, but it would be by mere chance if we captured any of them, and the chance did not occur to-day, so we had (except some forage we got) a fruitless trip.

Respectfully, yours,

L. S. SCRANTON,

Major Second Michigan Cavalry.

