HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM, Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding directs that you occupy the line now occupied by General Leggett to- night, as his troops have already commenced moving. General Leggett will leave his picket- line as it is. It would be well for your picket officer to communicate with his, and ascertain its exact location. The general desires that the utmost caution will be used to avoid unnecessary noise. By sending to General Leggett's headquarters you can obtain an officer who will give you any information you may need in regard to his line.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

SUGAR VALLEY, June 26, 1864.

Major- General STEEDMAN:

Your dispatch received. An escaped prisoner reports Pillow ran fifty miles the day of the fight, and was still going toward Blue Mountain. I find a number of squads infesting Villanow Valley, and have arranged with Colonel Watkins for their capture to- morrow. In the mean time should anything develop toward Alpine or Trenton I will be in striking distance. A dispatch will reach me to- morrow evening at Villanow or to- night via Resaca, where I expect to hear from you.

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Colonel Forth Kentucky.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 29. In the Field, near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 26, 1864

I. The question of supplies to an army of this size is one of the greatest possible importance, and calls for a most rigid economy. By comparing issues by the commissary department and the reports of army commanders of effective strength for duty, which embraces officers as well as men, it is found that a quantity of provisions is issued daily equal to from 50 to 75 per cent, over the effective strength. This proportion is entirely too large in our present situation, and either the quantity must be reduced or the number of non- effectives be brought within reasonable limits by sending servants and others to the rear. Twenty- five per cent, is deemed a large and reasonable limit, and the chief commissary of the army in the field, as well as of all the garrisons and detachments dependent of the railroads south of Nashville, will see that issues are limited to that figure. The chief commissaries will be furnished with field reports from superior headquarters, and will call the attention of the proper commanding officers when requisitions exceed the number of men and officers for duty with 25 per cent, added.

II. When, from interruption to railroads or any other cause, supplies cannot be had equal to this standard, the commissaries will make issues as near as possible for each ten days in advance, and must scale their

