
issues so that all parts of the army receive a fair proportion of each article. When deficiencies occur in the bread or small rations, the commissary may increase the allowance of fresh beef, if on hand and the commanding general will approve the abstract of issues made in compliance with this order of substitution.

III. The effective strength of a brigade, division, corps, or army will be constructed to mean officers and men present for duty, sick in quarters, extra- duty men that are armed, and "in arrest or confinement." Sick in hospital, unless there be a prospect of early recovery, should be sent to aport in the rear.

IV. Unarmed cooks, teamsters, pioneers, and laborers are the only proper non- effectives with the army. All other persons dependent on our supplies are useless mouths which we cannot afford to feed, and should be sent north of Nashville. Twenty- five per cent, is the maximum allowance for this class of non- effective but useful laborers specified, and even these should be armed; the teamsters especially should have muskets in strong loops to their wagons within easy reach, and cools also might be armed. All details for actual duty will be made on the basis of "effective strength," greater than he can immediately parade for battle, his report, return, or requisition for stores and provisions will be deemed a false report under the Articles of War.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Camp.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., No.- June 26, 1864.

In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 28, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, dated: "In the field, near Kenesaw Mountain, June 24, 1864," the following will be the order for the operations of the Army of the Cumberland to- morrow:

I. The corps of Major- General Howard will assault the enemy's intrenchments at some point near the left of General Stanley's and Davis' divisions, which will be selected by General Howard after a careful reconnaissance. He will support his attack by such disposition of his artillery as, in his judgment, is best calculated to insure success.

II. Major- General Palmer will, with his column on the right of General Howard's, co- operate with the latter by carrying the enemy's works immediately in his front. The batteries of Generals Baird's and Davis' divisions will remain as at present posted until the contemplated movement is made. General King's division will occupy its present position, but hold itself in readiness to follow up any advantage gained by the other troops.

III. Major- General Hooker will support General Palmer on the latter's right, with as much of his force as he can draw from his lines, selecting position for his artillery best calculated to enfilade the enemy's works to his left and on General Palmer's front. In supporting General Palmer's movement General Hooker will watch carefully his own right flank, and be prepared to meet any demonstration of the enemy upon it.

