
IV. The troops must get into position as early as possible and commence the movement at 8 a. m. to- morrow, precisely. All the troops will be ready to follow up with promptness any success which may be gained.

By command of Major- General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier- General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 98. Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 26, 1864.

I. In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Army of the Cumberland, an attack will be made upon the enemy to- morrow at 8 a. m. by this corps in conjunction with the Fourteenth Corps. The points of attack selected are near the present position of Colonel Grose's brigade.

II. General Newton will lead the assault, being prepared to cover his own left.

III. Major- General Stanley will retain one of his brigades in position extending from General Palmer's left to the ravine, and will be prepared, with his other two brigades well in hand, to follow closely General Newton's movement.

IV. General Wood will occupy his present front and extend to the ravine on his right with on e brigade, while he will hold his other two brigades in readiness to follow up the movement of the attacking column.

V. The points for massing the troops of Generals Stanley's and Wood's divisions will be pointed out in the morning.

General Newton will commence his movement for the attack at sunrise, keeping his troops as well concealed from the enemy's view as possible.

By command of Major General O. O. Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant- General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

June 26, 1864.

In execution of special field orders, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, june 26, 1864 (copy inclosed*), General Geary will advance his skirmishers and take possession of the woods in his immediate front and, if possible, the small house to the left, now occupied by the rebel pickets. When this is done, he will advance his division and establish it in the woods and out of sight, if practicable, of the rebels. General Williams will advance the left of his picket- line and keep up connection with the picket- line of General Geary's division. General Williams will detach a brigade to establish itself along the whole line now occupied by General Geary's division, and General Butterfield will send one brigade to hold the right of General Williams' line- the right of this brigade resting on the Powder Springs road.under the chief of artillery of the corps not less than four batteries will be put in position at points already designated near the left of the line now held by the corps. The changes in the position of the infantry will be made before daylight to- morrow morning, and all should be in their places on or before that

---------------

*See p. 602.

---------------

