
hour. The artillery should be in position by or before 7 a. m. All the troops will be held in readiness to march at the shortest notice and will spring to the assistance of those on the right or left, if necessary, without waiting for orders.

By command of Major- General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 36. Near Marietta, Ga., June 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. In accordance with the general plan of operations for to- morrow, the 27th instant, General Cox will resume at daylight his demonstrating across Olley's Creek. He will first endeavor to secure the crossing of Olley's Creek on the Sandtown road by turning the enemy's present position or otherwise, as may be found practicable, and gain possession of the commanding ground on the main ridge beyond the creek. He will then, if practicable, move along the ridge substantially toward the railroad, and make a strong demonstrating upon the left of the enemy's main infantry line, keeping his own left near the open fields along the valley of Olley's Creek. The position gained on the Sandtown road beyond Olley's Creek will be held by the dismounted men of General Stoneman's command, and, if necessary, by an additional force from General Cox's division.

General Stoneman's mounted force will cover General Cox's right during his operations. The primary object of this movement is to occupy as large a force of the enemy as practicable as a diversion in favor of the real attack to be made elsewhere. General Cox will, however, take advantage of any success he may gain, or of the weakness of the enemy, to turn his left and sweep the line in front of General Hascall's right. General Hascall will open his guns at 6 a. m. upon the enemy's lines in front, and keep up a continuous and steady fire until after the real attack shall be made at other points of the line. He will hold his division in readiness to press forward and gain the enemy's works if the diversion by General Cox on his right, or the attack of General Thomas on his left, shall create a favorable opportunity. He will watch closely the progress of events with a view to seize the favorable opportunity to convert his demonstration into a real attack. In the event of success in the attack, the two divisions will endeavor to connect with each other as soon as possible by gaining ground to the right and left as rapidly as the movement of General Thomas' troops will enable General hascall to move to the right and as General Cox, by his own success, may be enabled to drive back the enemy's flank.

The first success being gained, it is desirable to mass the corps as much as practicable so as to strike heavy blows where they will be most effectual. During the morning General Cox will leave one brigade near General Hascall's right, with a view of its joining him at the proper time, by moving directly across the valley, and, i the mean time, to meet any demonstrating the enemy may make between the two division. Duping the morning the commanding general will be at the telegraph office near corps headquarters. Division commanders will report frequently the progress of their movements and whatever else may be of interest.

By command of Major- General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

