
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 51. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 26, 1864.

In order to carry out Special Field Orders, Numbers 28, Military Division of the Mississippi, a copy of which is inclosed herewith,* corps commanders will make the following dispositions:

First. maj. General G. M. Dodge will direct Brigadier- General Sweeny to move his division (with the exception of one regiment to remain on picket and provost- guard duty at Big Shanty) at 2 p. m. down the main Marietta road and relieve the division of Brigadier- General Osterhaus.

Second. Major General John A. Logan will cause the divisions of Brigadier- Generals Osterhaus and Morgan L. Smith, on being relieved this afternoon, the 26th instant, to fall back quietly, under cover of the woods, to a position where they will be screened from view of the enemy on Kenesaw Mountain, and they will remain there until dark, when they will move to the right and occupy substantially the position on the right of Brigadier- General Harrow's division now held by Brigadier- General Baird's division, Fourteenth Army Corps. As soon as these divisions arrive on the ground the attacking columns should be organized, and should consist of at least four brigades, the remaining troops of the divisions to hold a line and constitute a reserve to reenforce any column which may be successful in breaking the enemy's lines or cover its retreat in case of reverse. The points of attack will be selected after further reconnaissance, and will be designated in time.

Third. Major General F. P. Blair, jr., will cause Brigadier- General Gresham's division to stretch out to the right this afternoon, the troops to move under cover of the woods and hills and relieve the division of Brigadier General M. L. Smith. To- morrow morning, the 27th instant, at 6 o'clock, he will move Brigadier- General Leggett's division in the direction of Marietta from our extreme left, and, in connection with Brigadier- General Garrard's cavalry, feign an attack on the enemy's works covering Marietta on the northeast, using artillery freely. This movement, though intended as a feint, should be vigorous, and the advance should not be stopped by a line of the enemy's skirmishers, the object being to prevent the enemy from sending re- enforcements to oppose our center and right where the real attack will be made.

Fourth. Brigadier- General Garrard, commanding cavalry division, will move with his whole command at 6 a. m. on the 27th instant, and co- operate with Major General F. P. Blair in the movement on our left, and attending to the enemy's cavalry.

Fifth. The skirmishers of Generals Blair and Dodge will press forward and those on Kenesaw Mountain will gain the summit if possible, and hold it until re- enforcements can reach them. The roads leading from Marietta to Acworth and Burnt Hickory, which will be covered by Veatch's and Gresham's divisions, must be held at all hazard, and Generals Blair and Dodge must understand that they have to rely upon themselves and not expect reenforcements from the right, as all our troops will probably be engaged in that quarter.

Sixth. All the artillery in position will remain where it is until the result of this movement is determined. As little change as possible should be made in the appearance of things along our line, and the movements made with as much caution and as little noise as possible.

---------------

*See p. 588.

---------------

