
Seventh. The pioneer corps of the respective divisions will follow the assaulting columns, in charge of the engineer officer of the division, prepared to secure by rifle- pits, &amp;c., any vantage ground gained.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 33. Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 26, 1864.

Major Thomas D. Maurice, First Regiment Missouri Light Artillery Volunteers, having been assigned to this corps as chief of artillery by orders from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, is hereby announced as such. Ge will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 37. Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 26, 1864

I. Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith's and Brigadier- General Osterhaus' commands will occupy to- night the line of works now occupied by General Baird's division, in equal proportion. General Morgan L. Smith will have the right of the line and Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus the left (or center of the corps), with his left resting on the right of Brigadier- General Harrow's command. A staff officer from each command will be sent at once to ascertain positively the best roads to the position and determine the points precisely at which the troops will be placed in position.

II. Special Field Orders, Numbers 51, from department headquarters, and Special Field Orders, Numbers 37, paragraph I, from these headquarters, are so changed by direction from department headquarters that there will be but one assaulting column at 8 o'clock to- morrow morning. Brigadier- General Osterhaus will move with his division, except artillery, after dark and relieve Brigadier- General Bird's division of the Fourteenth Corps on the right of Brigadier- General Harrow's right and center brigades. This division, with Colonel Walcutt's brigade, of the Fourth Division, will from the assaulting column, under command of Brigadier General M. L. Smith, and will make the assault at the point to be indicated by Captain Reese, of General McPherson's staff. Generals Osterhaus and Harrow will press forward skirmishers and engage the enemy during the assault vigorously, and be ready to re- enforce General Smith or take any advantage of any success that may be gained at any time.

III. Brigadier- General Harrow will extend his line so as to relieve Colonel Walcutt['s brigade, and direct him to report to Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding Second Division, for orders,upon General Smith's arrival with his command in rear of his present position.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant- General,

