
NEAR KENESAW, GA., June 27, 1864- 8 p. m.,

(Received 1.35 a. m. 28th)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Pursuant to my orders of the 24th, a diversion was made on each flank of the enemy, especially on the Sandtown road, and at 8 a. m. General McPherson attacked at the southwest end of Kenesaw, and General Thomas at a point about a mile farther south. At the same time the skirmishers and artillery along the whole line kept up a sharp fire. Neither attack succeeded, though both columns reached the enemy's works, which are very strong. General McPherson reports his loss about 500, and General Thomas about 2,000; the loss particularly heavy in general and field officers. General Harker is reported mortally wounded, also Colonel Dan. McCook, commanding a brigade; Colonel Rice, Fifty- seventh Ohio, very seriously. Colonel Barnhill, Fortieth Illinois, and Captain Augustin, Fifty- fifth Illinois, are killed. The facility with which defensive works of timber and earth are constructed gives the party on the defensive great advantage. I cannot well turn the position of the enemy without abandoning my railroad, and we are already so far from our sullies that it is as much as the road can do to feed and supply the army. There are no supplies of any kind here . I can press Johnston and keep him from re- enforcing. Lee, but to assault him in position will cost us more lives than we can spare. McPherson took to- day 100 prisoners, and Thomas about as many, but I do not suppose we inflicted heavy loss on the enemy, as he kept close behind his parapets.

W. T. SHARMAN,

Major- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I will be on Signal Hill to- day, where I have a telegraph station. Keep some orderlies at your telegraph office who can reach you promptly with orders, and keep me well advised.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 27, 1864- 8 a. m.

Major- General SHERMAN:

The movement of my troops against the enemy's works has commenced.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major- General.

[JUNE 27, 1864.]

Major- General THOMAS:

Everything moving well on this flank. Schofield reports the same. Push your troops with all the energy possible.

W. T. S.

