HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 27, 1864- 2 p. m.

General STANLEY:

In accordance with instructions just received from department headquarters you will examine the enemy's works as far as you can, and report whether, in your opinion, any part of the same in your front can be carried by an assault this evening. Please send a report of your position and condition also.*

By order of Major- General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,June 27, 1864- 9 p. m.

Major- General STANLEY,

First Division., Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Opposite the point mentioned in your note+ there is a reentering angle in the enemy's works. To push General Kimball forward would bring on an engagement. If it is necessary, Kirby must refuse his left. Cannot he throw up traverses to protect his men! The ground will be carefully reconnoitered early in the morning, and the difficulty obviated if it then exists.

By order of Major- General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

COLONEL: In answer to your note just received I beg leave to state that, owing to the dense woods and the close proximity of the enemy's pickets, it is impossible to get a view of the works in my front, but that I have seen the works of the enemy from General Wood's front, and felt them from General Stanley's front. My skirmishers have also been to the m in my own front; and from my own personal observation and the report of officers on the skirmish line, I consider a successful assault of the works in my front impossible, as they are certainly as strong as in any other part of the line.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

P. S.- In the assault this morning the works in my immediate front wee seen, and the same natural obstacles, entanglement of the works, and abatis appeared as in other portions of the line.

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Replies from Stanley and Wood not found; but see substance thereof as given in Fullerton's journal, Part I, p. 888.

+Not found; but see Fullerton's journal, Part I, p. 888.

---------------

