
general the expediency of turning them on the enemy's left, t throw a heavy force there by a night march, and attacking and following up vigorously by the flank. My loss to- day has been about 75; 28 prisoners captured. Butterfield is on the right, Williams in the center, Geary in the woods in front of my former left, much exposed to the enemy's shells, though surrounded with substantial defenses. The enemy exposed about fifteen pieces of artillery on his line, and I thought that I could discover just at sunset that he was opening the forest to make use of additional batteries more to our right to- morrow. My headquarters to- night same place as last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding the department directs that you make immediate preparations to move your corps, with ten days' supply of provisions and forage, and adopt any means in your power to move with the greatest celerity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major General O. O. Howard, commanding Fourth Army Corps,and Major General J. M. Palmer, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.)
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 27, 1864.

General McCOOK,

Lost Mountain:

Keep lookout on our right and rear. Send any news you may have of the army or of General Schofiedl's movements.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier- General and Chief of Cavalry.

LOST MOUNTAIN, GA., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report the following information, obtained from a deserter that came in to- day belonging to Third Arkansas Cavalry. General Jackson's division of cavalry next, and J. T. Morgan's brigade of cavalry connected with rebel infantry on Sandtown road. The left of their infantry rests at Antioch Church, on the Sandtown road, the other side of Olley's Creek. Kelly's division of cavalry is in rear of infantry at that point. Wheeler's calvary on the rebel right. The prisoner

