HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

General Cox's position is good. At present we cannot extend any more till our supplies are more complete, and until we can oxford to risk the railroad more. But let Cox fortify well, looking east. I do not think the enemy will attack. Let Stoneman operate well down Nickajack, and describe to me Cox's position in distances, thus, two miles to your right rear. Also the road connecting him with the Sandtown road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 27, 1864- 12 m.

Major- General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch is received. I have not heard from Cox since my last report. Have just sent an order to him to press on the enemy's flank, and inform me what he has done. Hascall can do no more here.

J. LM. SHCOFIELD,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

I will send you a sketch giving Cox's position. He is on good ground, and fortifying strongly. Stoneman's force is not large enough to do more than cover Cox's flank and picket between him and Hascall.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,JuNE 27, 1864-12.20 P. M.

Major- General SHERMAN:

General Cox has just reported in person. He has advanced to the crest of the main ride, a mile or so beyond Olley's Creek, and within a mile of the main road running to the mill on Nickajack Creek. The ridge is extremely rough and densely wooded. There is no hope o moving a force along it so as to reach the flank of the enemy's main line to- day. To go by the road would throw Cox three or four miles from Hascall's right, much too far for a single division. The enemy's works can be distinctly seen, running up the slope of the ridge at least a mile beyond Hascall's right. I cannot hope to reach the enemy's flank with- out separating my division much farther than I deem at all prudent. I believe that Cox's present position threatens the enemy's left more seriously than a single division could possibly by abandoning that position and endeavoring to strike the left of his present works. I am satisfied that I cannot do more in this direction without risking. I will await your orders before pushing andy farther. Whether Thomas and Mc-

