HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 27, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the mississippi:

GENERAL: My command is rationed to include the 29th. Rations should have been here to- night on wagon train from Acworth to include the 2nd proximo, but no rations were there at last report. I have about 120 rounds per man infantry ammunition; artillery ammunition chests full, and only about one- third the amount necessary to refill them in the ammunition train. I will send you a sketch giving Cox's position. He is on good ground and is fortifying strongly. Stoneman's force is not large enough to do more than cover Cox's flank and picket between him and Hascall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY- THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 27, 1864-5.45 a. m.

Colonel CAMERON, Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: Colonel Reilly is pushing in to make a determined effort to cary the enemy's position in his front, which is difficult of approach. You will continue your movement down the ridge to reach, if possible, the rear of the rebels and so dislodge them from Reilly's front. Make this as rapid and vigorous as possible, and do not allow your command to be checked by anything but overwhelming force. Let the men determine to make their best fight now, for it is important for the rest of the army that our movement be the most dashing possibly and immediate. We should do our work within the next hour to be of the best service to the whole movement being made.

Truly, yours,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY- THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 27, 1864-7 a. m.

Major- General SCHOFIELD, Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Cameron crossed the valley at 4 a. m. Byrd is pushing a skirmish line up the valley, holding his main line on the ridge he had last night, while Cameron is pushing his force down toward Reilly. Reilly was making his dispositions for an attack immediately when I left him at 5.30 o'clock. All are ordered to use their very best energy and speed. The enemy's position before Reilly appeared unchanged, and he will have hard work till Cameron gets forward near him. I have just been giving Cameron more urging to get forward more rapidly, and am on my way down to Reilly again. The distance between points is such that I cannot be personally with the brigades as much as I would like, for I find they move too timidly when the commanders are left to their own responsibility. I have told them they must have their work substantially accomplished before 8 o'clock.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

