
CHENEY'S, June 27, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major- General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the ohio:

Reilly's brigade carried the rebel position in their front at 8.30 I have delayed this dispatch, hoping to have definite intelligence as to the distance the enemy will retire. We succeeded in getting a battery pretty well to their rear from the Powder Springs road, and then pushed up the infantry across the swamp and cree, under cover of the fire, with little loss. i have ordered Reilly to follow up the rebels, if possible, to the intersection of the ridge road, though the distance is greater than is entirely safe to extend a small command. The ridge bends away so that it is farther from us here than opposite Cockerill's battery. Have not heard from Cameron since I sent my last dispatch, but am expecting him momentarily to connect with Reilly. The position taken is a good one to command the Sandtown road- Kenesaw and Lost Mountain are both visible from it- and I think it could be maintained nearly as easily as the one here at Cheney's.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier- General, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty- third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman informs me that neither Thomas nor McPherson succeeded in breaking the enemy's lines, but that each has had substantial progress, with some loss. He desires us to push operations on the flank and keep him advised. I do not know enough of your situation to direct you; do all you can and inform me often of your progress. I send four mounted orderlies to bring messages from you. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY- THIRD ARMY CORPS,Cheney's, June 27, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major- General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: On examination, Reilly's and Cameron's positions appear to me more important than I had supposed, and in themselves are quite strong; so is Byrd's. The latter is on the ridge, with a ravine across the ridge at his left,and that wing runs back along the spur on the side of the ravine. May aide, Mr. Coughlan, has traversed the ridge to Reilly's position, and met me there. The ridge toward the south end is broken into separate hills,sloping in different directions, separating the waters of the Nickajack from the Olley. A bridle path leads along it, and although the distance is perhaps a mile and a half, I propose to put small outposts in the intervals, where they can give the alarm if anything attempts to pass between the brigades. Upon advancing allow and Cameron a little, I found the valley of the Nickajack pretty well defined, though not so open as that of the Olley. have directed Reilly to put in a lunette for an advanced guard of a regiment and a

