
the road to report to the cavalry command on the right. General Stoneman does not know who relieved them, and fearing there may be some mistake about it I write to ask that if the gap is left you will cause some further infantry detail to be made by order from your headquarters direct. General Stoneman also informs me that Adams' cavalry crossed the creek and advanced half a mile this evening, and are now, he says, but little more than five miles from the river.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., June 27, 1864- 5 p. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Thomas and McPherson have filed in their attack and have suffered heavy losses. Our little success on the right is all that has been gained anywhere. This may be very important to us as the first step toward the next important movement. We must make what we have gained as secure as possible. Please consult with General Cox as to the best disposition of your dismounted men to aid his three brigades in holding the position he has gained, also protect the flank as much as possible. It is still necessary to picket the space between Cox's new position and that occupied before where he still has one brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864.

Major- General McPHERSON:

I will be on Signal Hill, where II have a telegraph office. Leave some orderlies at your telegraph station, that orders may reach any part of your line with dispatch. Keep me well advised, as I must work the flanks according to the progress in the center.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 27, 1864.

General McPHERSON:

Is General Blair back! Report to me fully his operations for the day. Schofield's right division (Cox's) has gained a good position on the other side of Olley's Creek, and at the head of Nickajack. If we had our supplies well up I would move at once by the right flank, but suppose we must cover our railroad a few days.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

