HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,June 27, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

Have not received report from General Blair yet, but Major Willard, one of my staff officers who was with Leggett's division all day, and left him at sunset, says he was returning to his original position, ad that his loss will not exceed 60 men.

I will send you the substance of all the reports as soon as I get them in.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN, June 27, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

We have gained no material advantage on the right, though some ground has been gained. You will, therefore, bring Leggett's division back to the original position of yesterday, connecting with the left of Gresham. Leave pickets well out and have your engineer send a sketch of the ground you have passed over to- day and the position of the enemy's works as near as can be ascertained, so that I can report to Major- General Sherman. Send also a statement of your losses.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of this command to- day in carrying out the orders of the general commanding department:

At 8 a. m. I advanced my skirmish line, consisting of three regiments and extending along the front of two brigades, up the mountain. They met with very little opposition fro half the distance, and until the fire of the enemy on my left and right checked the advance of the connecting lines. My loss was very small. During the afternoon, the skirmishers met with more determined opposition, and up to this time (8.20 p. m.) there are in hospital 27 wounded and several yet on the field. The farther we advanced, the mountain became more difficult of ascent. It is evident that no line could readily ascend it, and I judge from the action of the enemy filling their rifle- pits, that they have no fear of our taking it. There is no doubt but that they have a line of battle extending along our entire front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General, Commanding.

