HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

Orders received rom department headquarters render it necessary that our skirmish line should connect on the left with the Seventeenth Army Corps. Have a new skirmish line selected with this view and good cover made for men, connecting on your right with Veatch. Have your left so connect with the Seventeenth Army Corps that the rebels cannot turn it our get in rear of any part of the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Allatoona, Ga., June 27, 1864.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Fourth Division:

SIR: I beg leave to report that the works at this place are, as far as I have received instructions from corps engineers, nearly completed. We are felling timber and making some rifle- pits that I deem very necessary for our protection. The Eighth Kansas Infantry Volunteers, who were stationed at the bridge, left for the front yesterday by order of Major- General Sherman.

On the 25th instant Philo Lindley, quartermaster Fifty- third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, and acting brigade and post quartermaster, went into the country in charge of a guard and one team for the purpose of procuring a grindstone,some blacksmith tools and blacksmith iron. When about two miles from this place, and while riding a short distance at the rear of the team, they were fired upon by a party of ten, commanded by a Captain Moore, belonging to Wheeler's command, killing the quartermaster and one of my orderlies. Two of my men were taken prisoners, but effected their escape. The team and guard proceeded and procured the articles sent for, and returned to camp without further molestation.

The country around her is full of bushwhackers. I am taking measures to drive them out of the country, and am sending suspicious families away from the line of the railroad. Many others are going north voluntarily. As yet no mounted or dismounted cavalry have reported to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., June 27, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I wrote you some day ago and asked to be allowed to go to Selma. In beg leave to renew my request, and that I be allowed to go when it is understood the force of the enemy in that direction is not too large to be overcome by such force as I can prudently take from

