
here. I send a reliable man to talk with you and General Thomas on the subject. he is known to General Thomas and myself to be loyal and reliable in every way. Indeed, general, I think there is nothing in the way, provided only that Forrest be entertained by General Smith and Mower. Hoping for a favorable reply I shall go on and prepare for the trip as well as I can, in a quiet way, and be ready as soon as may be. I have conversed freely with General Webster and he agrees fully with me on the subject. n looking over the copy of my letter, not carefully read at the time, I find Selma instead of Montgomery is named as the point between which and Atlanta there are important bridges and trestles that could be destroyed. The bearer will explain fully all I could say on this as on other matters. If Forrest be kept engaged by Generals Smith and Mower, I could with prudence take from this district enough men to do the work. There are about 800 armed men in Seman, nearly all of whom are workmen, the balance boy militia. But I need not say more.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOWELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major- General, Commanding.

VILLANOW, June 27, 1864.

General STEEDMAN:

Can find no reels in this vicinity, north of Subligna. What shall I do! Answer at Resaca to- night. I have rations to to- morrow night. Will wait here until I hear from you.

J. T. CROXTON,

Fourth Kentucky, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division:

COLONEL: Your will move with your command to Stevenson at once and embark on board cars for Kingston, Ga. The camp and garrison equipage allowed by general orders yesterday will be taken on cars, the balance of it will be forwarded by wagon train, escorted by cavalry, to Chattanooga. The whole division train will start out together from this camp. The troops will have three days' rations in their haversacks. You will superintend embarking your command, assisted by your staff officers. Cars will be ready at 8 o'clock this p. m.

By order of Colonel Jesse I. Alexander, commanding:

CARL. L. WHITE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Colonel JABEZ BANBURY,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifteenth Army Corps:

You will move your command at once to Stevenson, Ala., and embark on cars at that place for Kingston, Ga. The men will take three days' rations in their haversacks. Your wagons will go by dirt toad, under charge of their quartermasters, with balance of the division train. The

40 R R- VOL XXXVIII. PT IV.

