HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY, Commanding Second Division:

General Veatch reports from his skirmish line that the enemy are heard to be moving troops, artillery, and wagons in our front. The general commanding directs that your skirmishers be on the alert ad especially watchful early in the morning, and that if anything unusual is occurring or does occur it be promptly reported to the se headquarters.

Very respectfully,.

GEO. C. TICHENOR,

Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN, June 28, 1864-11.20 p. m.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

Information from General Dodge's front has been received to the effect that there are indications of the movement of trains or troops on the mountain, and that the rebels keep up a continuous fire on his skirmish line, as if to cover their movement. The general requests that you caution your command against any attempted surprise, and that you push forward your command again t any attempted surprise, and that you push forward your skirmishers at daybreak, should the report of General Dodge be confined as to any evacuation or other move of the enemy, in order to ascertain his intentions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN, June 28, 1864- 11.20 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

Information from General Dodge's front has been received to the effect that there are indications of the movement of trains or troops on the mountain, and that the rebels keep up a continuous fire on his skirmish line, as if to cover their movements. The general commanding requests that you caution your command against any attempted surprise, and that you push forward your skirmishers at daybreak, should the report of General Dodge be confined as to any evacuation or to there move of the enemy, in order to ascertain his intentions. You will please send word to General Leggett, and caution him particularly to be on the alert and prepared for an attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major- general commanding that some of the pickets on General Leggett's front report having heard troops moving last night from their front, apparently toward the enemy's left.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major- General

