HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 28, 1864.

Major- General STEEDMAN:

Chattanooga:

Have you driven Pillow far away! If necessary use General J. E. Smith's division and the garrison of Rome, but don't let them be drawn more than two days south of Rome. It would be well to keep a cavalry picket about Dirt Town and Valley Head and an infantry picket at Guntersville with a gun- boat near. On the east Adairsville is a good point. Pickets should change about and not have a locality fixed, and the reserve should be placed where they can be assembled at short notice. I think Forrest will be held in chalk by General A. J. Smith, from memphis, or by our forces from Decatur. Lyet you cannot be too vigilant at all points. I think I can give Johnston full employment.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, June 28, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON:

From latest accounts Pillow was retreating south from Alpine. I have ordered the Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry to patrol the country from east of Newtown to the head of McLemaore's Cove, and south toward Alpine, with reserve at La Fayette. Colonel Watkins will move his command from La Fayette to near Valley Head, with reserve at Deer Head Cove, patrolling south and west. The Third Kentucky Cavalry will move to the front.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn, June 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN T. CROXTON,

Commanding Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: You will assume command of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, in addition to your own regiment, leaving Colonel Watkins at La Fayette, with orders to push out scouts in the direction of Trenton, and follow Pillow up cautiously to Alpine. With the fresh arrivals you have I think you can do this with safety, and if you cannot disperse him you will at least be able to determine what his intentions are. My impression is he intends to move on the Caperton's Ferry road to make another attempt on the railroad from Trenton. It is important you should ascertain his whereabouts and intentions. I confide the whole mission to your coolness, sagacity, and courage.

Respectfully yours,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

CAMP, KENESAW, GA., June 28, 1864- 8 p. m.

Major T. . ECKERT:

Cipher last night exaggerated our losses in the assault, and it is now known that 2,000 will cover all casualties severe enough to take

