
men out o the ranks. Skirmishing all along the line to- day, and shell works on the left just at sunset. No other activity. movement by the right flank contemplated, but not yet decided on; can't take place for some days for want of supplies and forage; but we shall probably go, sooner or later, to Chattahoochee in that manner, as it is too wasteful of life to dash our lines against Johnston's parapets. Harker is dead.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 176. Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga.,

June 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XIV. In consequence of the reduced number of artillery horses, corps chiefs of artillery will immediately reduce all batteries not having enough horses for a 6- gun battery to four guns. The surplus guns and carriages and all unserviceable horses will be sent to Chattanooga, Tenn., in charge of an officer detailed fro the purpose from each corps by its chief of artillery, and will be turned in respectively to the ordnance depot and to the corral of Lieutenant Colburn, artillery quartermaster. In this reduction, if it is found that there are enough horses to haul six caissons of a battery, they will all be retained,in order to carry as large a supply of ammunition as possible. Railroad transportation fro carriages and horses will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major- General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,

Numbers 2. Chattanooga, Tenn., June 28, 1864.

I. The frequent depredations committed upon the communications between Bridgeport and the army in front as well as the barbarities practiced by placing torpedoes under the track to blow up trains containing sick and wounded soldiers and citizens demand the adoption of the most stringent measures to suppress the se crimes and atrocities. To this end all citizens except Government employe's found within three miles of the railroad from Bridgeport to the Federal army in Georgia, outside of the picket- line of any post or station of troops after the 7th day of July, 1864, will be arrested and forwarded to these headquarters to be tried before a military commission as spies "found lurking" within the lines of the armies of the United States. All officers commanding troops within the district are charged with the execution of this order. Exceptions to this order will be made only by the general commanding troops within the district are charged with the execution of this order. Exceptions to this order will be made only by the general commanding the district are charged with the execution of this order. Exceptions to this order will be made only by the general commanding the district or by superior authority upon the most conclusive evidence that the party applying to be excepted is of undoubted loyalty, and that it is for the interest of the Federal arms that the exception be made.

II. Commanding officers of posts and stations on the line of road mentioned in the foregoing paragraph will keep constant patrols on the road between their respective stations, who will carefully examine the track and all the bridges and culverts, and if any part of the road be found dangerous for the passing of trains the y will signal and stop approaching

