
trains and report the condition of the track to the person in charge of such train. Daily patrols will also be made over the territory from which citizens are excluded by the foregoing paragraph. Guards stationed at bridges will inspect them after the passage of each train, and see that all fire that may be dropped from the engine is extinguished, and that the track and bridge are unimpaired by the passing train. In like manner all tunnels will be inspected by the guards stationed to protect them.

III. When any train, either railroad or wagon, or any battery, herd of cattle, mules,or horses arrive at any station, [if the commanding officer at that station] shall deem the guard accompanying such property insufficient for its protection he shall add to such guard a force sufficient, in his opinion, to protect it to the next station, where it will be relieved,if necessary, by a detail made in accordance with this paragraph, in each case reporting by telegraph to these headquarters the strength of such additional guard.

By command of Major- General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

NEAR KENESAW, June 29, 1864.

Major- General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Our loss on the 27th will not exceed 1,500. As usual, the first reports were overstated. General Harker is dead. The wounded are doing well and most are already sent to the rear in cars. Some few of the dead and wounded were left in the enemy's hands close to his parapet. I am accumulating stores that will enable me to cut loose from the railroad for a time and avoid the Kenesaw Hill, which gives the enemy too much advantage. I will aim to get to the railroad below Marietta by a circuit or actually reach the Chattahoochee. Our right flank is now on the Sandtown road below Olley's Creek.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 29, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I am going to the extreme left of General McPherson's line to- day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

(Same to General Schofield.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, June 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I think of going to the right this a. m., if you have no objections.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major- General.

