
McPHRSON'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 29, 1864.

Major- General Sherman,

Commanding:

The Seventeenth Army Corps and one division of the Fifteenth Corps have received ten days' rations to- day, and the remainder for the command is promised to- morrow.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Chattanooga, Tenn., June 29, 1864.

Brigadier- General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: In accordance with the instructions of the general commanding, as conveyed in a telegram of 26th instant from Lieutenant W	Harton, Engineers, I have the honor to submit the following report:

DEFENSES OF CHATTANOOGA.

On summit of Cameron Hill.- No works yet thrown up. One 100- pounder Parrott hauled to position. Preparations being made to mount it.

Redoubt Carpenter.- Parapet completed on the east and south faces, except revetment on part of interior face. Gun platforms not yet laid. One 100- pounder Parrott hauled to position. Preparations being made to mount it. One barbette only raised; north and west faces incomplete.

Fort Mihalotzy.- Incomplete; best fit for use of artillery. Magazine complete and in use.

Battery Coolidge.- Incomplete; can be used by infantry. Magazine complete.

Redoubt Crutchfield,- Parapet complete; stockades connecting extremities of advanced work with main work not yet erected. Platforms finished and guns mounted. Magazine complete and in use. The blockhouse and stockades to close the gorge of main work and the postern to communicate between the main work and out- work not mad.

Fort Lytle.- Parade graded. Parapet, platforms, &amp;c., completed, with guns mounted. Magazine complete and in use. The block- house and stockades to close the gorge incomplete.

Fedoubty Jones.- Sixty feet of parapet completed on each side of the salient angle. Eighty feet of ditch excavated. Ground prepared in the salient angle for mounting guns. No platforms yet laid. Ground very rocky.

Battery Erwin.- Parapet complete. Guns mounted. No magazines.

Batter Taft- Parapet not revettee. No guns nor magazines. Can be used by infantry.

Redoubt Putnam.- Grading not complete. Parapet not rivetted. Platforms not laid; neither are all the barrettes finished. Postern to connect with the line of parapet between Redobt Putnam and Lunette O'Meara in progress. Magazine in use, but incomplete.

Lunette O'Mear.- Parapet not revettee. Barrettes incomplete.magazines complete. T	his work can be used by infantry.

Battery Bushnell.- Parapet incomplete and not rivetted. Magazine incomplete; raising of barbette not complete.

