
Battery McAloon.- Incomplete; of works only.

Fort Phelps.- Advanced work in good condition. Rear portion requires change of arrangement of magazines; parapet raised; blockhouse, &amp;c. Work will be commenced on this fort in a few day.

Fort Creighton.- Magazine complete, except change in the covering earth. Parapet and gun platforms to be raised in the front portion other works and parapet weakened in the rear. Two block- hoses are to be erected ad are in progress.

Redoubt on Lookout Mountain.- Parapet incomplete, but capable for defense for infantry; not ready for guns. Block- house partially erected Magazine incomplete. Lines of parapet connecting various works from Batter Bushnell to Lunette O'Meara, and thence to Redoubt Putnam. Complete fro Lunette O'Meara to Battery Taft, and thence to Battery Erwin, not yet thrown up. Battery Erwin t near Redoubt Jones continuous but partially built; forms good defense for cavalry of infantry. From old railroad shops below doubt Jones, across the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, to Fort Lytle, not complete, but forms a good defense. On this line about midway between the railroad and Fort Lytle a barbette battery for four guns has been thrown up. Earth- works complete but no revetments nor platforms. From Fort Lytle to the river a line is projected but not yet begun. The flat across which this line will run is now partially protected by a rifle- pit concerted about October, 1863.

Other lines are designed on Cameron Hill, but are not yet commences.

Reserve Magazine.- Excavation complete. Foundation partially laid. Raising of building begun.

Water- works.- Machinery nearly set up. Excavation for ever complete. Six hundred and fifty feet of tunnel made. Three hundred and twenty- six feet remaining. The force is thrown principally upon Redoubts Carpenter and Jones, Forts Lytle and Creighton, the water- works and magazines, constructing block- houses, platforms, &c., beside the parties procuring logs, running saw- mills, building store- houses, hospitals,&.

BLOCK- HOUSES ON RAILROADS.

Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.- Forty- six block- hoses, all of single thickness of logs, except two artillery block houses at Bridgeport, unfinished. Those of single thickness are to be double cased. Water-tanks have been left at the block- hoses, and in most cases placed inside. Twelve of the block- hoses need covering with earth.

Nashville and Decatur Railroad.- Thirty- six block- houses, all single thickness, with a water- thank at each one One- half of the tanks were placed inside. Twelve block- hoses need covering with earth.

Decatur and Stevenson Railroad.- Fourteen block- houses, all built except one, all single thickens and all need covering with earth. Tanks have been left at the block- houses, one to each, and are now being placed inside.

Nashville and Northwestern Railroad- Block- hoses in process of construction.

Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad.- There companies of engineer troops left Chattanooga on the 23rd instant, to commence the construction of nine block- hoses.

At Resaca and Kingston earth- works have been commenced.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE BURROUGHS,

Lieutenant Engineers and Actg. Chief Engr., Dept. of the Cumberland.

