HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 30, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Cops:

GENERAL: The major- General commanding the corps directs that you relieve General Geary's division of the Twentieth Corps to- night. General Geary will begin withdrawing his troops immediately after dark. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain ad Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 30, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Stoneman has been directed to demonstrate against Campbellton, on the Chattahoochee River, to- morrow. Major-General Thomas directs that you proceed with your effective force as a reserve for General Stoneman's command; that when the latter has fulfilled the object of his expedition you reoccupy your present position. Your absence will probably not extend beyond the night of 2nd or morning of 3d. Should your dismounted force not be large enough to make your train secure you will send it nearer for support from the main army. You had better confer with General Stoneman to- night in reference to your arrangements for time and route o march. I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier- General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry,

Department of the Cumberland.

IN THE FIELD, GA., June 30, 1864.

Major- General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

I send one of my staff officers to you with copy of order just received.* I will be ready to march at daybreak or any hour you may indicate, on any road you may desire to carry out the order. Please explain to Lieutenant Hill in full what you may wish. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 30, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

It occurs to me as a question worthy of consideration whether Johnston, in anticipation of your present movement, may not bring up to Marietta two or three weeks' supplies, close the gorge of his lines in rear of Marietta, and meet you there in a strongly intrenched position, and with a greater amount of supplies than you can carry.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General.

---------------

*See next preceding.

---------------

