
the west side of Sweet Water Creek to Sweet Water Town, which crossing once secure, Stoneman to hold it and McCook to return to Lost Mountain; McPherson's command to remain where it is until our stores are complete, when his cavalry will guard the roads from Marietta toward Allatoona, whilst McPherson moves with his whole command down the Sandtown road to the Chattahoochee. If Johnston holds on to the Kenesaw then we must strike some point on the railroad between Marietta and the bridge, but if he let go of Marietta then we swing across the railroad to a position that gives us again the use of the railroad.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 30, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

Immediately after the shower this afternoon my signal officer, from a tree at Colonel Byrd's position, could distinctly see Atlanta and the smoke from the cars along the railroad. He could also trace the enemy's line throughout its extent by the smoke of camp fires. The heavy smoke ends opposite General Hascall's present front. From there toward our right the smoke indicates only an ordinary picket force. The smoke was very heavy opposite the point where General Thomas made his attack on the 27th. About 100 wagons were seen moving toward Atlanta from near Marietta this morning.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General.

(Copy from Sherman to Thomas.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 30, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

I think I will be able to get a good position of the Fulton road about half a mile this side of Ruff's Mill, controlling the crossing of Nickajack at that point, and hold the ground between Nickajack and Olley's Creek, crossing the e ridge about where Colonel Byrd now is. I understand the ground pretty well. I take it you wish me to make that move to-0 morrow morning. I know of nothing in the way but the question of supplies. My men were out of bread yesterday. After waiting four days at the depot my trains returning to- day with only one days' supply. Scurvy is becoming dangerously prevalent. I think it would be economy to send me some vegetables evening lieu of meat.

J. M. SCHOFIED,

Major- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 30, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

General Thomas will relieve Hacall to- night, and you may make the contemplated movement to- morrow. It will not materially increase you distance from the depot, and I will renew present orders to hasten supplies forward. If Stoneman gets Sweet Water Valley he can gather

