
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

[June] 30, 1864.

General STEEDMAN:

Glad to hear the gun-boat is patrolling the river. I have an officer her, Colonel J. Condit Smith, who is the best man I know to control the matter of freights from Chattanooga to this army. If there is any doubt as to Mr. Taylor's capacity and experience I would prefer to have Smith, for the reason that he is an experienced quartermaster, and understands the importance of the whole subject. Before cutting loose from the railroad I want to be assured that he is an experienced quartermaster, and understands the importance of the whole subject. Before cutting loose from the railroad I wan to be assured that Mr Taylor, the new appointee, has all the qualifications necessary to handle the vast amount of fright and control the movement of so complicated a machinery. If McCallum or Anderson is at Chattanooga I would like to have them communicate with me fully to- morrow on the whole subject. I want also to know whether all possible dispositions have been made to insure the safety of the line as far as Allatoona, as I contemplate a movement of the most delicate character, which may somewhat expose this road to danger.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

NEAR KENESAW, June 30, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Nashville:

The movement that I want you to study and be prepared for is contingent on the fact that General A. J. Smith defeats Forrest or holds him well in check, and after I succeed in making Johnson pass the Chattahoochee with his army, when I want you in person, or to send some good officer, with 2,500 good cavalry, well armed, and a sufficient number of pack- mules, loaded with ammunition, salt, sugar, and coffee, and some bread or flour, depending on the country for forage, meat, and corn meal. The party might take two light Rodman guns, with orders, in case of very rapid movements, to cut the wheels, burn the carriages, taking sledges along to break off the trunnions and wedging them in the muzzle. The expedition should start from Decatur, move slowly to Blountsville and Ashville, and, if the way is clear, to cross the Coosa at the Ten Islands or the railroad bridge, destroying it after their passage, then move rapidly for Talladega or Oxford, and then for the nearest ford or bridge over the Tallapoosa. That passed, the expedition should move with rapidity on the railroad between Tuskeegee and Opelika, breaking up the road and testing the bars of iron. They should work on that road night and day, doing all the damage toward and including Opelika. If no serous opposition offers, they should threaten Columbus, Ga., and then turn up the Chattahoochee to join me between Marietta and Atlanta, doing all the mischief possible. No infantry or position should be attacked, and the party should avoid all fighting possible, bearing in mind for their own safety that Pensacola, Rome, the Etowah and my aery are all in our hands. If compelled to make Pensacola, they should leave their horses, embark for New Orleans, and come round to Nashville again.

Study this well, and be prepared to act on order when the time comes. Selma, though important, is more easily defended than the route I have named.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

