
GENERAL THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS,

June 30, 1864-6 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Since my cipher of the 28th nothing has occurred of special interest, Last night at 12 o'clock the enemy attacked the works in our front where the works are but eighty- five yards apart. They were repulsed severely. No loss to us. Utmost exerting making to get ten days' rations in the hands of the men by the morning of July 2. Sherman says he will be in Marietta or across the Chattahoochee in five days, sure.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 40. Near Marietta, Ga., June 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. The following movements will be made to- morrow, July 1, commencing at 6 a. m., viz:

General Hacall will move by the Powder Springs and Sandtown roads to the cross- roads near Watson's, about two miles in front of Colonel Reilly's present position, and thence on the Marietta and Fulton roads, and endeavor to secure possession of the commanding \ground between the Sandtown road and Nickajack Creek, covering both the Marietta and Fulton roads. The best position is understood to be about held a mile from the Sandtown road and near the same distance from Nickajack Creek, where the Fulton road crossed it at Ruf's Mil. General Hacall will post his reserve brigade near the cross- roads, at Watson's, and picket well down the Sandtown road from that point.

General Cox will,if necessary, support General Hascalls movement with his two brigades- Teilly's and Cameron's - now on the Sandtown road, and will connect as well as practicable Colonel Byrd's present position with that General Hascall may gain, at the same time searing his left flank upon ground in Llley Creek Valley, and connecting his pickets with those of General Hooker across the valley. Colonel Barter's brigade, as soon as relieved by the troops of General Hooker's corps, will be disposed of by General Cox as he may deem best to accomplish the above- mentioned object.

General Hascall will preserve a strong formation of his division and intrench it securely. General Cox will do the same with the main body of his division, placing a brigade, if necessary, upon the most favorable ground between his and General Hacall's positions, to picket between them.

General Stoneman, supported by Colonel McCook, of the Army of the Cumberland,m will move down the west side of Sweet Water Town and endeavor to secure the crossing of the creek at that point, and the control, as far as practicable, of the roads upon the right and right rear of General Hascall's new position. Having secured these advantages, Colonel McCook's command is o be withdrawn, leaving General Stoneman to hold what sell have been gained. Having in view the above- named general purpose, General Stoneman will determine the details of his movements according to his judgment, and modify them according to exigencies, as they may arise. The movements of the day

