
The tunnel is not injured. I will send your orders for to-morrow later in the day. Study well the lay of the country and roads; especially see if Rocky Face Ridge can be reached from your position.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, May 7, 1864-2 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Thomas took Tunnel Hill with scarcely any opposition. I have been all over it. It is a stony ridge, not as high as Taylor's, and looks right toward a break of Rocky Face Ridge, through which pass the rail and common roads. In this gorge is the Buzzard Roost, which is the place where Johnston expects to fight us. To-night McPherson will be at Ship's Gap, to-morrow at Villanow and Snake Creek Gap, and next day should strike or threaten the railroad. To-morrow I want to occupy all of Johnston's attention. Thomas will threaten in front. I want you to hold well the gap toward Varnell's, and to reconnoiter up the point of Rock Face near Lee's and get a foothold on the ridge, so as to move on the ridge toward Buzzard Roost. If possible, get some point where you can see Dalton, and I want to guard against the possibility of Johnson turning on McPherson. Hooker is about Trickum. Reconnoiter the ridge to-night, and make a lodgment to-morrow morning, but don't be drawn into a battle.

Yours, &c.,W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, May 7, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Tunnel Hill:

I have your dispatches of 11.15 a. m. and 2 p. m. I hold all the gaps east and southeast this side of General Thomas' left. My engineer officer is out with McCook's cavalry reconnoitering Rocky Face according to your instructions. I will inform you as soon as I know the result. Stoneman is at Kingston with the head of his column, and will have his force all across the river at Kingston to-morrow night. He is about 3,800 strong. I have ordered him to move forward to Cleveland. Have you any orders for him now? The enemy is doubtless unaware of his approach, and, hence, if he can strike at once his blow may be effectual. I will try Rocky Face Ridge early in the morning.

Very respectfully,

J. J. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, May 7, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,Tunnel Hill:

Lieutenant Twining has returned from reconnaissance of the north point of Rocky Face. The ascent from the north is not very difficult.

5 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

