
clearing the northern counties of Alabama of tories, deserters, and conscripts evading the obligations of service. You will instruct the officers in charge of these troops to arrest every man they find who is absent from his command without leave, whether enlisted men (paroled or not) or conscripts, and especially to capture every man whose disloyalty to the Government there is good reason to believe can be established. It is understood there is in North Alabama a secret society composed of citizens and soldiers for the purpose of opposing the Confederate Government and promoting desertions to the Federal army. Should these men or any others be found in arms and offering resistance, you will order that they be put to death upon the spot. General Lee has been ordered to direct Brigade-General Roddey to picket the Tennessee River front from the Mississippi line as far east as may be necessary to prevent the escape of these men into Tennessee. You will send couriers to General Roddey keeping him advised of the movements of the troops and the objects of expedition. Also advise all commanders, whether provost-marshals or enrolling officers, that they may co-operate in effecting the arrests. You will see that the troops are supplied with provisions for the expedition, and that all prisoners arrested be ordered to Tuscaloosa to be disposed of. The expedition will move promptly and the troops return to Tuscaloosa as soon as it is finished.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major General S. D. Lee.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Dalton, May 2, 1864.*

General Hood directs me to say that the enemy have possession of Tunnel Hill, and General Stewart has gone in line of battle to Mill Creek Gap. He wishes you to hold your division in readiness to move at a moment's notice; get under arms.

Very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHOFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Dalton, May 2, 1864.

As there is a prospect of an early advance of the enemy, and of the troops being called upon to move at any time, it is desired that commanding officers cause all rations on hand to be placed in the haversacks of the men whenever they are ordered under arms.

By command of Lieutenant General J. B. Hood, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, May 3, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Stewart's division will remain in its present camp, on the promise of the general to be in Tunnel Hill in an hour after receiving

---------------

* So dated in only copy on file, but collateral evidence indicates that it should be May 7.

---------------

