
Alabama, satisfy me that he will immediately attack with his united forces. I urge you to send Loring's division and Reynolds' brigade, now between Selma and Rome, at once to Rome, and put them at my disposal till the enemy can be met.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, May 4, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your reports of this morning make the impression upon me that Howard has moved down to Red Clay. It is important to ascertain the fact forthwith. Please take the necessary measures. I have sent orders to General Kelly to join you with all the horses fit for field service in the two brigades at Resaca; to save time I sent it direct, especially as you were in the field at the time. He was instructed to have the men left considered as belonging to the defense of the place where our trains are. Reports from Gunter's Landing indicate concentration here. General Kelly had better be on the Cleveland road.

Very respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSON.

DALTON, GA., May 4, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Try and find out the location of Davis' division and all about the pickets, &amp;c. I am anxious to move, but fear General J[ohnston] will abandon the idea. If you can get accurate information it will have a great deal to do with it.

Sincerely and truly, your friend,

J. S. HOOD.

Let me hear from you soon. Should we move it should be done quickly.

J. B. H.
HDQRS. FOURTH [NINTH] KENTUCKY CAVALRY Regiment,Cleveland Road, [May 4,] 1864-4 p. m.

Colonel GRIGSBY:

SIR: I find that the enemy, in pretty heavy force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, passed through Seigler's Gap to-day. They are now passing this road on a road that leads to Red Clay Station. I shall attempt to get between them and Varnell's Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel, &c.

DALTON, May 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Demopolis:

Should McPherson advance from Gunter's Landing instead of Decatur toward Rome, will your troops operate against him?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

