HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION,May 5, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

DEAR SIR: I have just received the following note:

DALTON, May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HOOD:

General Johnston wishers you to direct General Stewart, should Wheeler be obliged to fall back before the enemy, to advance a considerable force to the far side of the pass to secure the safe passage of the creek to the cavalry.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

Will you send me notice in due time of any heavy advance? I will bring or send a sufficient force to secure the object. Do not allow the bridge over the creek to be destroyed; I will attend to it. My upper dam renders the ford at that bridge impracticable, but there is another ford up the creek from which a road comes into the pass and which you could use in conjunction with the bridge, as well as the pass through which the railroad runs. Inclosed is a sketch*. 1. Designates pass by the railroad. 2. The bridge of poles. 3. The upper ford and road crossing which comes into main Dalton and Tunnel Hill road in the pass at 4.

Very truly, yours,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

Had you not better send some one or more to ride over the road by the upper ford? It might be important.

DALTON, May 5, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Major-General LORING,

Montevallo, Ala., via Selma:

General Johnston wishers your brigades to be sent on from the terminus of the railroad as they arrive. Do not wait to assemble the division. If Sears' brigade is at Blue Mountain, let it be pushed on at once.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS KELLY'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Dalton, Ga., May 5, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that General Johnston directs me to move out on the Cleveland road and take position near Colonel Hannon. I have Huggins' battery with me. Dibrell has 828, and Harrison 717 effective men. I will inform you as to my position on Cleveland road as soon as I can get established.

J. H. KELLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

