HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,Dalton, May 5, 1864.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to say that at the request of General Johnston he wishes you to move your division, with its trains, this evening, and bivouac in rear of the line you are to occupy. This is done on account of the close proximity of the enemy. He also desires you to push forward your work on the defenses, and hold your division in readiness for any emergency.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,Dalton, Ga., May 5, 1864.

General STEVENSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Hood desires you to hold your command, with its train, well in hand, and be ready for any emergency, as the enemy is near at hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Stewart.)
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI BRIGADE,Camp on Bay Creek at Killingsworth's,

near Dublin Post-Office, May 5, 1864.

Major J. A. SHINGLEUR,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

MAJOR: I arrived here this evening and am camped for the night. I have just ordered Captain Porter's engineer company to report back at Tuscaloosa to Major-General French. On the evening of the 3rd instant I ordered Colonel A. C. Riley, commanding First and Fourth Missouri Infantry, to establish his headquarters at New Lexington, and station portions of his command at Windham's Springs and Mr. Thomas', on Byler road, and thoroughly police the whole country for a distance of fifteen to twenty miles around about New Lexington. On the morning of the 4th instant he entered upon his labors, and on that day succeeded in capturing from 12 to 15 of Woods' men. I have directed him to make a prison depot at New Lexington and safely keep all parties sent to that point. I have here the First Missouri and Third Missouri Battalion Cavalry, dismounted, Colonel Gates commanding; the Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry, Colonel Flournoy commanding, and the Third and Fifth Infantry, Colonel McCown commanding; and have just ordered the following distribution of these forces and assigned them to duty: Lieutenant-Colonel McDowell, with three companies Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry and with ten days' rations, will go in the direction of Jasper, in Walker County, and thence to or near Blount Springs, and sweep the whole of Walker County.

