
Colonel McCown, with the remaining five companies of the Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry, will move westward on New River, and thence to Fayetteville and purge Fayette Country. Colonel Gates, with his regiment, First Missouri and Third Missouri Battalion Cavalry, will move northward along the Byler road to Captain Downey's and there take a right-hand road leading to Houston, county seat of Winston Country, and will pass through Black Swamp

Beat, in the southwest corner of Winston, on the headwaters of Blackwater Creek, and will take charge of this whole county and cleanse it if possible. Colonel Gates carries with him nine days' rations and four days' forage. Colonel Flournoy, with his regiment, Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry, will move northwest by way of George Brown's Pikeville, in Marion Country, and will operate in this county and westward and northward, if necessary. I shall, with the cavalry now remaining (I have sent detachments with Colonel Riley, Colonel Gates, and Colonel McCown), go with Colonel Flournoy into Marion County. We take with us nine days' rations and two days' forage. The disposition of the forces and their fields of operation are now ordered, and in a day or two we will be at work in earnest.

I have established my courier-line from Tuscaloosa, on the Byler-first stand at Paleron's, six miles from T[uscaloosa]; second stand at Prewett's, thirteen miles; third stand at New Lexington, twenty-six miles; fourth stand at Cole's, eight miles from New Lexington; fifth stand at Killingsworth's, twenty miles from New Lexington; sixth stand at Eldridge Post-Office, twenty-eight miles from New Lexington; seventh stand at Brown's, eight miles from Eldridge Post-Office, and thence on to Pikeville. The main line goes to Eldridge Post-Office, and then on to my headquarters in Marion. Also at Eldridge Post-Office a branch line goes to Colonel Gates, in Winston, and one to Lieutenant-Colonel McDowell, in Walker. Eldridge Post-Office is on the Byler road, at the point where the Jasper and Pikeville road crosses. From Killingsworth's westward to Fayetteville is a branch line to Colonel McCown's command.

At David Thornton's mill, on Bay Creek, some five miles west of Killingsworth's, I have established my base for supplies, and will leave Major Anderson, my commissary of subsistence, at this mill, to gather supplies, if possible. Killingsworth's is about one mile and a half south of Dublin Post-Office, now kept by Mr. Phillips. Major Anderson has to-day succeeded in purchasing about 100 bushels of corn and about 400 pounds bacon. A very small portion of the tithes has ever been collected. No assessment has ever been made. Officers have been afraid to do this work, and one or two attempting it have been killed. I shall collect at least the tithes so justly due and so much needed. Subsistence will be scarce; but I will keep you fully advised on this question, and not starve to death without notifying you of the intended fact. I have been quite busily engaged so far, having done every-thing; but now my plans and combinations are completed, and I shall have more time to investigate the true condition of affairs generally. So far I have not been able to find out any permanent organization among these wretches. In some particular places they may be mobbed together. Most of them have arms. I will write again as soon as I get into Marion County. Direct your communications to me in Marion County, at or near Pikeville.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant and soldier,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.

