
Gap. I have sent a brigade (2,000 strong) down to secure Ship's Gap

to-night and will move Dodge's command and possibly Logan's via that route to Villanow to-morrow, depending somewhat whether the road is clear through Gordon's Gap of Major-General Hooker's train. It is two miles shorter distance to Villanow by Ship's Gap than by Gordon's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

TRENTON, May 7, 1864.

[General SHERMAN:]

Arrived about 5 p. m., but General G[arrard] would not descent into the place on account of its being too late to bring his forage train down. I am down myself with a mounted regiment, the Seventeenth Indiana, from which I have borrowed this man. I will send another as soon as we get into the cove, which I think will be to-night, although it is difficult to say, as we march so slow. No indications of a large force in this valley. Have had scouts up as far as Valley Head, who saw nor heard of nothing except guerrillas. Please take care of the bearer.

CORSE.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In Field, May 7, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Colonel Spraque, with Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, holds Ship's Gap and cross-roads leading to La Fayette. One regiment in the gap, the rest at foot of mountains and at the cross-roads. Saw only twenty of the enemy; they were on the Alabama road, none in the gap. Signal officers, who went to the top of mountain to where the rebel signal station was located that communicated from La Fayette to Dalton, say that they could see no indication of General Garrard.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Clifton, Tenn., May 7, 1864-6 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain Raymond, of General Leggett's staff, who went our yesterday to communicate with General Gresham, has just returned bringing a letter to me, of which a copy is inclosed. The officer now in command at Athens has just sent word to this post that everything is quiet. Captain Goudy, of the gun-boat fleet, reports upon testimony of a man whom he trust that Forrest has gone to Okolona. In this entire concurrence of clear ground and General Sherman's pressing urgency for

