
DEMOPOLIS, May 6, 1864.

General JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

I am directed by the President to turn over my department temporarily to Major-General Lee, and to take field in command of my troops, to move to Rome, Ga., and thence to unite with you to meet the enemy. Your last dispatch of the 4th, suggesting a movement from Gunter's Landing, seems to make it expedient that I concentrate at Blue Mountain. I am moving Loring up to that point to-day. French will follow immediately; Roddey I hold on the Tennessee River, watching Decatur and the line to Guntersville; Ferguson will cover my infantry at Blue Mountain in the direction of Gadsden; Jackson, with Armstrong and Ross, are held on the railroad below for forage. If a movement is to be made from Gunter's Landing, or below that on the Tennessee River, upon Rome, I shall be at the right point at Blue Mountain; from thence I can most effectually cover your left flank and at the same time obtain supplies by railroad. If the situation makes that the proper disposition let me know before the troops have passed the mountains; I shall bring you about 10,000 infantry and 4,000 cavalry, exclusive of Roddey. I should like the troops from my department with you to report to me.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Tuscaloosa, Ala., May 6, 1864.

General L. POLK,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Demopolis:

GENERAL: Your dispatches were received last night about 9 p. m. A courier was immediately dispatched to General Cockrell recalling his brigade by the established line. Another was sent to meet General Sears, and direct his course to Montevallo. Ector will leave here to-morrow at 5.30 a. m. He could move to-day, only the wagons are out for forage. Everything will move promptly.

Yours, very truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, Ala., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERGUSON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Near Montevallo, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding, to order you to move your command to some point in front of Major-General Loring's, who has been ordered to take position at Blue Mountain, so as to cover him in the direction of Gadsden and Guntersville, and report to him until further orders. You will establish a line of couriers from your headquarters, through Gadsden, to Guntersville, also a line from Guntersville, through Somerville, to connect with General Roddey. These lines of couriers you will place under a trusty officer, to be posted at Guntersville, who should keep you well advised of the movements of the enemy. You will also establish a line of couriers from Gadsden to Rome. The officer in charge of couriers shall send trusty scouts well

