
up the Tennessee River so as keep you well informed of movements in that direction, and instruct General Roddey to do the same. These orders are made irrespective of any orders from other commanders.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[DOUGLAS WEST,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 106. Richmond, May 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XI. First Lieutenant George R. McRee, Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed without delay to headquarters Army of Tennessee and report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty with his chief engineer.

XII. Second Lieutenant W. A. Hansell, Engineer Corps, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty at Columbus, Ga., and will proceed to Atlanta, Ga., and report to Captain L. P. Grant, Engineer Corps, Provision Army, C. S., for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BATE'S DIVISION, Numbers 93. Dalton, Ga., May 6, 1864.

The division commander suggests to the officers and troops of his command that too much apprehension has been among our troops in reference to being flanked in an engagement by the enemy, which movement can easily be met by "change of front" of a brigade or regiment, as the case may require, with a prompt notification of the fact to the brigade or division commander. All ground taken from the enemy must be held at all hazards, unless otherwise ordered by proper authority, as relinquishing it deceives our friends and encourages the enemy. Brigade commanders cannot be too prompt in notifying the division commander of all important movements made by themselves or by the enemy in their front or flank.

Especially would he call attention to firing at long range. The enemy being our equals in long-range firing, the fire should be reserved until the enemy is close enough for each man to mark his man; demoralization to the enemy has always followed a well-directed fire at short range. If practicable, such fire should be followed by a determined charge to break the enemy's line, thereby producing further demoralization and confusion. Especial attention is called to accuracy of aim, collectedness, and coolness in firing at all times; firing too high must be guarded against, as wounded men give more trouble to the adversary than his dead. Fire at the lower extremities; avoid overshooting.

In the beginning of a battle, except by troops deplored as skirmishers, the fire by file must be avoided; firing by wing or company will be observed and, as far as practicable, alternately by front and rear rank. During the battle the officers and non-commissioned officers must keep the men in ranks, enforce obedience, encourage and stimulate them.

