
Before and after battle the roll of each company will be called, and absentees must be strictly accounted for. No soldier will be permitted to quit the ranks to strip or rob the dead, or even to assist in removing our dead or wounded, unless by special permission from brigade or division commander. The surest way to protect our wounded is to drive the enemy from the field. Any one persisting in quitting his standard under pretense of removing or aiding the wounded without proper authority will be regarded and proclaimed a coward and dealt with accordingly. This order will be published to the troops of this division, and each field officer will make it his duty to impress these suggestions upon the officers and men of his command.
By command of Major-General Bate:

C. J. MASTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, May 7, 1864-12 m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

The enemy are between Tunnel Hill and Dalton, about five miles from Dalton, and are advancing. We hold Mill Creek Gap. They have also troops in observation this side of Varnell's Station on the Cleveland road.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

DALTON, May 7, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

General Johnston informs you that General Stewart is ordered to take position on the west side of Mill Creek Gap, and to hold that place till he forces the enemy to display his forces. The general wishes you to assist him in this with your forces.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 7, 1864-7 a. m.

General WHEELER,

Tunnel Hill:

If driven into Mill Creek Gap, General Johnston wishes you to leave a body of cavalry in the valley west and south of the gap, in observation of the enemy. This body will report by way of the gap five miles below Dalton on the Villanow road to these headquarters.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 7, 1864.

General HARDEE:

General Johnston wishes Bate's division sent at once to Mill Creek Gap to report to General Stewart.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

