
DEMOPOLIS, May 7, 1864-9.20 p. m.

General JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

Cipher dispatch of 2.45 to-day received. Not a moment has been lost in complying with your wishes, since the receipt of your first dispatch of the 4th. The brigades ordered to move from the end of the railroad as they arrive, without waiting for field transportation. Regret we have not as much rolling stock as we could use. The concentration shall be made as soon as the distance can be overcome.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, May 7, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Demopolis:

Our infantry pickets are in contact. Your presence here might secure the more prompt organization of your troops as they arrive, and will be very acceptable to me. Is it possible for your cavalry to move into Middle Tennessee?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, May 7, 1864.

General M. J. WRIGHT,

Atlanta:

General Johnston desires you to report by telegraph the arrival of all troops at Atlanta.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

CROSS-ROADS AT WHITE CHURCH,

ONE MILE FROM RED CLAY,

May 7, 1864.

We forded Cohutta and came to this place, and here is where the Yankees have been camped. They left here this morning and moved down the Dalton road as far as Mr. Prater's, where took the left-hand road and went in the direction of Varnell's Station. The command consisted of a division of cavalry, and some say a battery of eight pieces, but of that I am not certain, commanded by General Dow.* There was an infantry force at Red Clay, commanded by General Granger. He also commanded the cavalry. I send a prisoner by Mr. Page. I will go in the division of Red Clay until I find out.

Respectfully,

CLEM BASSETT.

12.20 P. M.

The scout has just returned, and reports that there is a regiment of infantry at Red Clay. Howard's and Schofield's corps were the forces which passed through Cleveland to Tunnel Hill. The scout also learned that there were two regiments left at Cleveland, and that there were two at Blue Spring.

CLEM BASSETT.

---------------

* The reference is probably to Colonel Joseph B. Dorr, who commanded a brigade of cavalry in that vicinity.

---------------

