
under General Kilpatrick passing from Doctor Anderson's on the road running from Ringgold to Rome, parallel with the ridge through Villanow. This force my scout reports to be something under 10,000. The main body of the enemy are encamped in the valley along the line indicated in previous dispatches. I have scouts following General Kilpatrick and hope to be able to send more certain information in an hour. I send you a prisoner, a member of One hundred and forty-ninth New York, General Hooker's corps.

Very respectfully,

WM. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.

The citizens report that the column under Kilpatrick had no artillery with it.

MILL CREEK GAP, May 8, 1864.

(Received Dalton, 2.30.)

General MACKALL:

Generals Finley and Lewis, occupying respectively the mountain to the left and right of the railroad, report the enemy moving toward our left with their wagon train.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

MILL CREEK GAP, 5.30 p. m.

(Received Dalton, May 8, 1864.)

General MACKALL:

Quite heavy firing in the direction or Dug Gap. General Strahl's brigade has just passed going there. I have just sent to hurry him up. The enemy massing in front of signal station on Rocky Face.

J. B. HOOD.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,Dalton, Ga., May 8, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Johnston directs that you send Strahl's brigade to report to Major-General Cheatham in Crow's Valley, near Clayton's old encampment. Strahl must start by daylight. General Johnston expects you to hold Dug Gap with three brigades in addition to the Arkansas regiments you found at that place before. One of the brigades, Govan's, will be held in reserve where it halted, and may be called upon to go to some other part of the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, May 8, 1864.

General W. W. MACKALL:

Cavalry scouts report Yankees in vicinity of Villanow to-day.

JAMES CANTEY,

Brigadier-General.

