
the cattle, I will send them forward to Pulaski to-day with guard of detachments of infantry and the Fifteenth Ohio Battery, belonging to General Gresham's command, the Fifty-third Indiana, and such cavalry as I can get from this post, being a guard of near a thousand men, besides the cavalry and the herders, if I can get any transportation for rations and ammunition for this command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Detachment.

[Inclosure.]

TWENTY-EIGHT MILES WEST OF PULASKI, May 7, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Received your order of the 4th instant to move to Athens on the 5th instant at 5 p. m., and at once started with my command and 6650 head of cattle. General Force arrived at Clifton at 3 p. m. yesterday with 1,800 head of cattle. Would have waited for Force's cattle, but was twenty-two miles on the way when I heard he had arrived at Cliffton, and then your order of the 4th instant seems to require me to get to Athens without delay. Will have my cattle at Pulaski on the 9th by 8 a. m. Can't you send cars for them?

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Camp Near Gordon's Gap, May 7, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: Immediately on the arrival of Leggett's and Crocker's divisions at and in the vicinity of Huntsville, you will proceed to organize them in accordance with the inclose programme.* The different regiments comprising the divisions having been forwarded up the Tennessee River as fast as they returned from furlough and could be armed and equipped, it was impossible to complete the organization at Cairo. You will make you headquarters at Huntsville until further orders, and in the mean time get your command in readiness for a forward movement. Strengthen the garrison at Decatur largely, and from it make bold and strong reconnaissances in the direction of Columbus, Miss., and Tuscaloosa, Ala., to convey the idea of an advance in that direction, and compel the enemy to hold what force he has in that quarter there for the purpose of watching you. Should the enemy cross the Tennessee River to interfere with our communications you will endeavor to defeat his object and prevent him from doing us any serious damage. Report to me frequently in relation to the state of your command and any movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

