
of Tunnel Hill and ascertain how far the enemy's troops and encampments extend back toward Ringgold, General Johnston prefers it. His object is to know whether the army of the enemy is west and on the Rocky Face, or to the north and around the northern extremity of Rocky Face. In other words he wants to know whether the force that can be seen from the different points of Rocky Face is his whole army. He does not wish you, however, in attempting this to compromise your command. General Johnston is anxious to obtain early information, but you must take what you consider the best and quickest mode of getting it, considering the large force at Varnell's.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton, May 9, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Dalton and Cleveland Road:

GENERAL: Grigsby's brigade is in the trenches at Resaca.

General Johnston wants some cavalry in observation between this place and Resaca for fear of a surprise by an advance here. I do not think Resaca in any danger; we have 4,000 men there. Let me congratulate you on your splendid success till the general can speak his thanks. Let Colonel Allen call at headquarters as he passes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,May 9, 1864.

Major-General CLEBURNE:

GENERAL: General Hardee directs me to inform you of the successes of the cavalry during the day. General Wheeler fought the Yankee cavalry for three hours this morning; drove them two miles; captured 200 prisoners, horse equipments, &amp;c. We have been skirmishing all day. Dispatch received by General Johnston from Virginia says, Lee has whipped Grant, captured 2 general officers, and many prisoners.

Respectfully,

D. G. WHITE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,PROVOST-MARSHALL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Dalton, May 9, 1864.

Major General P. R. CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

The enemy has possession of Resaca, and it is important that we ascertain their force at that point immediately so that we can bring two columns against them, one from Rome, the other from this side. All of my mounted scouts are absent. General Johnston therefore directs me

