
DALTON, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General CANTEY,

Resaca:

General Johnston sends you another brigade. He impresses upon you the importance of the bridges you guard and the absolute necessity of their being held. General Martin is near Calhoun. Make arrangements with him to come to your assistance, if pressed, and keep the general fully informed of everything that takes place. Remember that if you are attacked by a very large force the general will come to your assistance, and that you can hold out with the certainty of being relieved. As the enemy may cross below you and attack the bridge from the south, the general thinks you had better throw up some defenses at the south end of the bridge. If there is no movement in your direction arrangements have been made to bring back meant in your direction arrangements have been made to bring to bring back the brigade. All your troops should be always prepared to move in this direction.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 9, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Rome, Ga.:

Give the following to General Polk as soon as he arrives:

General POLK:

General Johnston wishers your troops brought here as fast as possible. If telegraphic communication is interrupted you must decide on the manner of making the junction. If not, report each brigade as it arrives, that orders may be given and transportation furnished.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 9, 1864.

General DAVIDSON,

Rome:

I will send cars for the brigade of Loring to you this evening. Order it to move promptly to Resaca.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

MONTEVALLO, May 9, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

The head of my column will be in Rome to-morrow and I will be with it. I have taken with me, as ordered by General Cooper, "Loring's division and such other of my command as were available." See dispatch of 4th. Roddey's to be left in the Tennessee Valley, and provision made by the force under Forrest and others to hold Mississippi and Tombigbee Valleys and the Black Warrior. General Lee thinks the force left in department ample. Selma is garrisoned.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

