
Demopolis, Ala., May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General P. D. RODDEY,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your two communications of the 4th and 5th are received. I assumed command of this department this morning. Lieutenant-General Polk has gone to General Johnston's assistance with Loring, French, and tree of my brigades (to Rome). Your duty now is more important than heretofore, as you stand in front of Selma. You must resist any movement in that direction with all your force, giving Generals Johnston, Forrest, and myself the earliest information. General Forrest will place a division at Corinth, and hold one at Tupelo, to move to your assistance or take the offensive. Keep him closely advised. I will place a new brigade near Montevallo in a few days. I hope soon to order an advance across the river, and desire you to keep me thoroughly posted as to river and force of enemy north of the Tennessee. The cars are now returning to Corinth; will order the railroad repaired to Cherokee, and if possible to Tuscumbia. Forrest has just arrived at Tupelo. He needs a little rest, ammunition, &amp;c.; hence the delay now. There is no other force now at my disposal to aid you. His position at Corinth is a good one to move across the river and threaten, and at Tupelo to go to your assistance. I wish you to annoy the enemy in every away and appear to be on the offensive. Lieutenant Harvey was instructed by General Armstrong to impress horses. I will order the horses returned which he impressed and direct an investigation into his case. He is now moving with Lieutenant-General Polk.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Richmond, May 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XII. Major E. H. Ewing, quartermaster, will proceed without delay to Dalton, Ga., and report to General Joseph, commanding, &c., to relieve Major Richard Orme, quartermaster, Major-General Stevenson's command. Major Orme, on being relieved, will proceed without delay to the headquarters Army of Northern Virginia and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, for assignment to duty with General Daniel's brigade.

* * * * * * *

XV. Captain C. M. Collier, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding, at Dalton, Ga., for assignment to ordnance duty under Lieutenant Colonel H. Oladowski, chief ordnance officer, Army of Tennessee.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

