
Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry, on Looxapalila, in Marion Country; Colonel Gates was in Winston, Colonel McCown with five companies in Fayette County, and Lieutenant-Colonel McDowell, with balance of McCown's regiment, in Walker, and Colonel Riley at New Lexington. At 6 o'clock of same evening I dispatched orders to Colonels Gates and McCown and Lieutenant-Colonel McDowell to meet me on evening of 7th instant at Dublin Post-Office, on Byler road, or Killingsworth's-the place where we all separated-and to Colonel Riley to collect his command and be ready to move at a moment's warning. After diligent inquiries I found the road by Tuscaloosa the nearest and by far the best; and so I determined to travel that road. On the evening of the 7th Colonels Gates, McCown, and Flournoy all camped near Killingsworth's, Colonels Gates and Flournoy having traveled about sixteen miles. On the 8th instant we camped six miles north of New Lexington, having marched about fifteen miles. On the 9th we camped near Mr. Thomas', having marched sixteen miles; and to-day, during a heavy and continued rain, we have marched about fourteen miles. In the morning we will move at 5 o'clock and make about seventeen to eighteen miles. I will move just as rapidly as I can, not to break down my men, many of whom are now barefooted and their feet very sore. For seven days past we have been marching daily over a very rough country, with deep sand in the roads wherever level. My commissary and forage wagons are now in Tuscaloosa for supplies, and will join me as I pass through in the morning. Many of my wagons have been broken on this march on account of the rough, hilly roads, but so far I have repaired and brought them all, thus far losing nothing. I had hoped you had received my note of the 6th instant, giving you situation of my command in full and what I had done and would do. It has been all evening and now is raining heavily. All the water courses will be very full and roads very muddy. I will do all I can to facilitate a rapid movement. I trust I shall be able to join you ere you are allowed to meet our foes in battle strife and with you share the dangers of such a conflict. With many kind wishers for your success, welfare, and happiness,

I remain, most respectfully, your obedient soldier,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Demopolis, Ala., May 10, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry North Mississippi and West Tennessee:

GENERAL: The troops intended to cover Selma and the Tombigbee Valley have been removed by Lieutenant-General Polk. I wish you to keep for the present a strong brigade or a division of your command at Tupelo, to unite with General Roddey at Decatur or operate against any force of the enemy moving into Middle Alabama. I desire you to keep in close communication with General Roddey so you can obtain the earliest information of any movement of the enemy. The balance of your force you can dispose of as follows: A brigade in the Panola country and a division at Corinth. It is desirable that your command be put in condition as early as practicable for active service.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

