
DALTON, May 11, 1864.
(Received 17th.)

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

On Saturday last the enemy moved to the foot of Rocky Face Ridge. Since then there has been skirmishing and many partial engagements brought on by their attempts to gain the passes and commanding positions on the mountains. They have thus failed in all their attempts. The enemy now making strong demonstrations on Resaca. Lieutenant-General Polk concentrated his troops at Resaca.*

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,On Sugar Valley Road, May 11, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant General J. B. HOOD:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. I am moving slowly forward.

Respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

DALTON, May 11, 1864-7.30 a. m.

General WHEELER, Cleveland and Dalton Road:

Did the system of scouts established by you just before the advance of the enemy include the valley between Taylor's Ridge and Rocky Face? Is it still in operation? It is very important now that the force and movements of the enemy between those two ridges from Ringgold to the Snake Creek Gap should be accurately known, and, as cavalry cannot be kept in observation in that valley now, General Johnston wishers you to try by sending scouts in from your position to ascertain. Grigsby and Allen will receive orders to attempt the same from the south. A corps in supposed to be held in the mouth of Snake Creek Gap threatening Resaca.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 11, 1864-7.50 a. m.

General WHEELER, Cleveland and Dalton Road:

General Hardee reports at 6 a. m. no enemy in Crow's Valley, none on his right, and is of opinion that they are moving by their right toward Oostenaula. General Johnston wishers you to move on their left with your cavalry around the north end of Rocky Face, and to press in on them as closely as you can without compromising your force, and try to ascertain where their left rests and whether they are in motion toward the Oostenaula.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* As recorded in General Johnston's telegrams sent, this sentence reads: "Lieutenant-General Polk has been directed to concentrate this troops at Resaca."

---------------

