
DALTON, May 11, 1864.

General WHEELER:

Have your command in readiness, if you please, for action, and then report in person at General Johnston's headquarters to-morrow at sunrise.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

ROME, GA., May 11, 1864.

Major FRANCIS,

Blue Mountain, Ala.:

(Through Major Murphy.)

MAJOR: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Polk to order you to make your headquarters at Blue Mountain, to superintend the proper arrangements connected with subsisting the troops until further orders. In addition to this duty, you will charge yourself with the receiving and forwarding all dispatches to and from these headquarters. You will have dispatches sent to you for Captain Greenleaf, of General Polk's escort, expected soon at Blue Mountain, and also for Captain Morris, of General Polk's staff. You will find some reliable officer and establish him at Jacksonville to receive and forward communications to and from General Roddey, who has a courier line from Jacksonville on to Florence, Ala. Report immediately to these headquarters the name of the officer you station at Jacksonville.

Respectfully,

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, GA., May 11, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Demopolis:

Lieutenant-General Polk thinks it advisable to send one of General Forrest's division to Tuscaloosa without delay.

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, May 11, 1864.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: General Lee reports from battle-field near Spotsylvania Court-House 10th, enemy Saturday abandoned the front on our left, evidently for the purpose on the part of Grant to cover the railroad and use it for supplies. They left 700 of their wounded and a few of ours in a hospital near Yellow Church [Tavern] and large number of unburied dead. Yankee cavalry come out late on 10th near Gaines' Station, and then left our front, hurriedly leaving 13 caissons and 21 gun carriages and large quantity of arms. Enemy acknowledge loss of 31 general officers and 45,000 men. Our army is in best spirits and confident. The enemy now fortifying in intrenched lines, as if massing their troops.

J. S. THRASHER,

The above dispatch has been communicated by General Johnston and will be read to the army at dress parade this evening.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

