
to-day for work on fortifications by a similar detail, with he exception that instead of four commissioned officers to each bridge you will order three commissioned officers to each regiment. They will report at the depot to Colonel Gordon.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, May 12, 1864.

General MACKALL:

GENERAL: The following dispatch just received:

ON SUGAR VALLEY ROAD, May 12-2.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Private Walker and another of Seventh Texas Regiment, just returned from scout, report that the enemy were fortifying at Villanow last night. They are massing very heavily in Snake Creek Gap. A great deal of artillery passed down in the gap by a road through the woods. The moved in two columns. This he saw yesterday. Their talk is that they are going to Resaca, Calhoun, and Atlanta. This morning their infantry was in line and they could hear the artillery bugles sounding.

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, May 12, 1864.

General WHEELER'S STAFF:

General Johnston wishes to see General Wheeler before night. Communicate this to him if possible. Let me know whether you can do so by return courier. Give me the news.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

DALTON, May 12, 1864.

General WHEELER:

General Johnston wishes you to return your troops to camp and report here promptly in person.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

POND SPRINGS,

Three miles east of Courtland, May 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Dept. of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: Your order of the 6th was received by me on the 8th, 10 a. m. Being very much fatigued by continuous riding, I did not start on my missing until the evening. I determined to go first to Decatur and there get an escort from Brigadier-General Roddey, and then move to Guntersville. I arrived here, General R.'s headquarters, this morning, and from him I have the following facts: Colonel Johnson, of his command, is now across the Tennessee River with 500 men. The

