
enemy's force in Decatur is not above 3,000 men, under command of Brigadier-General Stevenson. There is no force at Guntersville, and but a nominal one at Nashville, Pulaski, Columbia, Athens, and Huntsville. All the forces from those points have been moved to Chattanooga, Tenn. There is now no force in Middle Tennessee or North Alabama that can make a movement. The force in Decatur is composed of four small regiments of infantry (recruits), and two regiments of cavalry. Believing that there is no further information that I can procure by remaining longer here that will be of any interest to you, I will return to-morrow. I will take the route by Pikeville and Columbus, as the more direct road is destitute of forage for man or breast, for seventy miles, and having suffered much from that circumstances on my way up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. BRADFORD,

Major, &amp;c.

RICHMOND, VA., May 12, 1864.

Colonel E. A. O'NEAL,

Macon, Ga.:

You will report with your regiment to General Johnston.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. In the Field, Resaca, Ga., May 12, 1864.

I. Lieutenant-General Polk assumes the command of his troops in the field, which will be comprised of the infantry divisions of Major-Generals Loring and French and Brigadier-General Cantey, and the cavalry brigades of Brigadier-Generals Armstrong, Ferguson, and ross, under the command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, and which will be designated as the Army of the Mississippi.

II. The lieutenant-general commanding announces the following staff for the Army of the Mississippi, viz: Lieutenant W. D. Gale, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant A. H. Polk, aide-de-camp; Colonel H. C. Yeatman, volunteer aide-de-camp; Major F. M. McNairy, volunteer aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel T. f. Sevier, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major Douglas West, acting assistant adjutant-general (department of orders); Major E. A. Banks, acting chief quartermaster; Major A. S. Fowler, acting chief of subsistence; Captain A. A. Bursely, acting chief of artillery; Captain W. J. Morris, chief of engineers; Major W. O. Watts, chief of ordnance; Surg. A. H. Voorhies, acting,medical director; Surg. D. Tucker, medical inspector.

III. The following-named officers are assigned to duty as acting assistants to Lieutenant-Colonel Sevier, assistant adjutant and inspector-general of the Army of the Mississippi, viz: Lieutenant Colonel West Steever, Captain J. M. Williams, Major A. M. Ruttledge, First Lieutenant Joseph Philipps, Major J. D. Bradford, First Lieutenant W. M. Polk, Captain S. W. Oliver.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

