
The above dispatch just received. General Iverson, who is with me, says the point is about two miles from Resaca. I have sent for Colonel Hart to mount a battery I will send there. As it is nearer Resaca than here, had you not better look into it? I will find out all I can, and will send the battery at once. The point is not designated by Colonel Hart, and is only a surmise with General Iverson.
W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General.

RESACA, May 13, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,

Calhoun, Ga.:

General Johnston directs that you send a brigade of infantry and a battery to the point indicated in your dispatch just received, and that you observe the river closely to prevent the enemy crossing.

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROME, GA., May 13, 1864.

Major DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Intelligence has just been received that the columns of the enemy which were threatening Round Mountain have gone back. General Ferguson's command will be here this evening at 6 o'clock. No news from the rest of the army on the way.

WEST STEVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

RESACA, GA., May 13, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,

Calhoun, Ga.:

Your dispatch in pencil by courier is received. The lieutenant-general commanding approves your action in sending a section of artillery to support Colonel Hart. You have just been directed by telegraph to send a brigade of infantry and a battery to the point indicated in your dispatch, and that you observe the river closely to prevent the enemy from crossing. The lieutenant-general directs that you consider the point threatened as within your limits. He has no infantry to spare from this point. Let him hear from you frequently.

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR RESACA, May 13, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood desires me to say that he is forming his line of battle on General Hardee's right, covering the Resaca dirt road and railroad, about three miles from Resaca. He wishes [you], if you

