
have not already been directed by General Johnston to do so, to send a force of cavalry on his right to protect this flank. He wishes them to cross the stream at Tilton and go down in the neck between the two streams to examine both streams thoroughly and see if there are any fords on them, and report to him to-night. His headquarters will be on the Resaca road near where the railroad runs parallel with it, about one mile from Resaca.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. H. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

ROME, May 13, 1864.

Major DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

No portion of General French's command has arrived. General Freguson's brigade arrived here this afternoon. No supplies of corn have reached Rome. What orders for General Ferguson? Answer.

WEST STEEVER.

RESACA, May 13, 1864.

(Received Blue Mountain 9 p. m. 14th.)

Major-General FRENCH,

Rome:

Move your command as rapidly as possible by rail to this place. Telegraph J. r. Anderson, superintendent, Kingston, for transportation from Kingston to this place.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,May 13, 1864.

Major-General CLEBURNE:

The troops will be under arms and in line at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Demopolis, Ala., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding Cavalry, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your report of the 7th was received yesterday, in which you give the condition of the new regiments forming under your orders. I fear it will be some time before these regiments are equipped and ready for the field, as the ordnance department is not prepared to furnish arms and accounterments. I have directed Colonel Kennard to provide muskets till rifles can be supplied. I particularly desire these new regiments to be so situated that they could be used in case the enemy should raid from North Alabama toward Selma. I do not anticipate such a move, but is possible. As regards yourself, general,

