
I desire to give you a command such as your service and experience entitle you to, and, for this reason, urge that the new regiments be got together as early as practicable. It is my intention to give you a division, to be composed of the new regiments and Roddey's or a part of Forrest's cavalry.

I have just learned that Roddey has only a part of his command with him and is in North Alabama under some special instructions from General Bragg. The three brigades I had the immediate command of General Polk too with him (Jackson's division, and Ferguson's brigade). The suggestion you make regarding the assignment of the new regiments to old brigades is a good one, and will be adopted, if possible. Forrest has his command in two divisions, under Chalmers and Buford; he is anxious to see you have a command and will aid me in forming it, and rest assured, general, as early as practicable you shall have a division.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

RESACA, May 14, 1864-5.30 a. m.

General WALKER,

Calhoun, Ga.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your command to a point half way up between this and Calhoun, and inform General Martin of your new position. The lieutenant-general urges on you a redoubled vigilance. Colonel Grigsby has been sent with his calvary command to strengthen the line of pickets on that side of the river from the railroad bridge downward.

Respectfully,

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, May 14, 1864.

Major-General MARTIN:

Ascertain by the most reliable means, as soon as possible, the force and movements of enemy between Resaca and Snake Creek gap, and the camps where the enemy have been reported; state hour in dispatch.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,May 14, 1864.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee begs his officers to exert themselves to induce their men to reserve their fire until the enemy is within short range, and to fire then deliberately. The object is two-fold, the greater effect upon the enemy [and] the husbanding of the ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

