HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, May 8, 1864.

General THOMAS:

DEAR GENERAL: The reconnaissance to-day has not drawn a single gun of the enemy, nor has any one seen a gun certain. I sat on the hill three hours and don't think Butterfield's skirmishers more than got abreast of the hill used as a signal hill, certainly not within 300 yards of the gap. Schofield reports extensive works the other side of the ridge, I suppose in Crow' Valley, but not many men. I fear Johnston is annoying us with small detachments, whilst he will be about Resaca in force. Have you any more definite reports than I indicate. Are your prepared to make an attack on the Buzzard Roost, and how?

Yours,SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Tunnel Hill, May 8 and 9, 1864-midnight.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Tunnel Hill:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward General Hooker's last report and statement of a prisoner of war. Captain Merrill, chief engineer Department of the Cumberland, has just returned from Geary's camp and brings later and more accurate information than had probably reached General Hooker. He says that Geary attempted to carry Mill Gap by assault, but was repulsed with a loss of probably from 200 to 300 in killed and wounded. That the enemy were small in force-only infantry--but strongly posted; that it is impossible to obtain possession of the gap by direct assault, or only at the expense of fearful loss. That Geary's last orders were to withdraw into the valley and encamp beyond artillery range. Geary was making no attempt to turn the position; that the only way to do so is to get a force upon the mountain "some where" where the enemy cannot defend it so strongly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MAY 8, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Geary failed to take Mill Gap. Asmussen just reports that with his force it is impossible to take it. Stevenson's division holds that gap.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of Albert Smith, prisoner of war.

I was captured late this evening about half a mile from Buzzard Roost Gap, near the railroad. I belong to the Thirty-sixth Alabama Infantry, Clayton' brigade, Stewart's division. There are about 42,000

