
ROME, GA., Saturday Evening, May 14, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received Cross Plains 1.30 p. m. 15th.)

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: There was hard fighting at Resaca during yesterday and to-day. An attack on General Loring's division yesterday evening, which was repulsed. We have just received new per telegraph that the enemy have been repulsed in four different attacks on Resaca. I wrote to you yesterday evening to press forward with the utmost rapidity. I reiterate this order. It is of the greatest importance that you should reach here as soon as possible. The gravity of the occasion and the combinations of the enemy require the most strenuous efforts of yourself and command. You were expected here yesterday, and I am constantly receiving telegrams from General Polk asking your whereabouts, which I can only give from hearsay. This is my fourth dispatch to you. Please answer by line of couriers or stage-coach. You will also please send an officer per stage-coach to inform me of the wants of your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WEST STEEVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Actin Assistant Inspector-General.

I inclose an order just received from General Polk.*

RESACA, May 15, 1864.

(Received 16th.)

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

We are in the presence of the whole force of the enemy assembled from Tennessee and North Alabama. I think he cannot re-enforce Grant without my knowledge (nor do I think will), as my whole line is engaged in skirmishing. Yesterday he made several assaults that were repulsed.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,May 15, 1864-5.55 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I have withdrawn my command with the breast-works, and have established my headquarters just in rear of them on the Dalton and Resaca road; my flag marks the place. It was necessary to withdraw my command, because a portion of it was without feed as the road was filled up with infantry and artillery so that the forage wagons could not get to it. A scout has just come in who states that he met a scout of the enemy near the Widow Sloan's. I will send out scouts immediately to ascertain more regarding it.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

