
TANNER'S FERRY, [May 15?], 1864-2.45 p. m.

General MACKALL:

GENERAL: I hear no fighting at Resaca to-day. It is my belief that if the enemy want to flank Resaca he will pass many of his troops over the bridge in my front. It would be well, then, to look to this point. Of course I will do all I can with my force as far as fighting is concerned. I am not strengthened much by the cavalry, as they are nearly all engaged on picket duty. From high hill I see clouds of dust from the intersection of the Calhoun and Resaca roads to Snake [Creek] Gap. I can't say in what direction the force raising the dust is moving.

W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General.

MAY 15, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR GENERAL: As the enemy has a bridge over the river in my front and can throw any number of troops over, I would be pleased if you would let me have what you can spare. I am in line expecting an attack at any moment.

Respectfully,

W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General.

OOTHAKALOGA CREEK,

Near Bridge, May 15, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have taken position on the Oothakaloga Creek. the line I occupied to-day was exposed to an enfilade fire from a height on the opposite side of the river from my present position. I can keep a closer lookout on Calhoun and railroad. I did not attack the force in my front to-day from the fact that my command have been exposed to two batteries on opposite sides of the river, and I could not have held the ford if I had taken it. As far as I could learn there was only a brigade; at any rate the force showed no disposition to attack my lines. Firing was heard in the direction of Rome to-day. Nothing new.

W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General.

RESACA, May 15, 1864.

General WHEELER:

Bring your cavalry back to Resaca without delay.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

CALHOUN, May 15, 1864.

General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy is moving down the river; they are now passing Camirnes [?] Ford, one mile above this place.

W. H. T. WALKER.

