HEADQUARTERS, in the Field, May 15, 1864.

Major-General HOOD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Polk to say to you that he finds that he may not be able to get off his troops before daylight, and that he thinks that 1 o'clock is too soon to withdraw your pickets; he therefore quests that you do not retire them before 3 o'clock to-morrow morning. Pleas answer by the staff officer who delivers this.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

INSTRUCTIONS.] HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, May 15, 1864.

Major-General CLEBURNE:

1. Ordnance trains, ambulances, and artillery will start at once and cross at the pontoon bridge; 2. The troops, except a line of skirmishers, move at 10 p. m. in the following succession: Cleburne, Bate, Cheatham, and cross at the trestle bridge; 3. Skirmishers will e drawn in at 1 a. m. by a staff officer left for that purpose from each division; 4. The divisions will take up their ordnance trains, ambulances, and artillery as they cross the river.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY.

NEAR CALHOUN, May 16, 1864.

To His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond:

The enemy laid a pontoon bridge below Calhoun, under protection of two divisions. I was compelled to fall back on this place. His attacks on our troops yesterday were repulsed.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MAY 16, 1864-10.25 [a. m.]

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I am about a mile and a quarter of the enemy's position. I see no enemy, and I don't believe they have advanced beyond their intrenchments. There is no firing.

Respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE.

ROME, May 16, 1864-1 p. m.

General L. POLK:

My first brigade was twenty-nine mils from here this morning. It will reach here about dusk. Shall it move to Kingston? The enemy is reported advancing on this place.

S. G. F[RENCH].
HEADQUARTERS,Half a mile from Calhoun, May 26, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch about the burning of the bridges has been received. General Johnston desires me to ask you if you can place

