
your artillery in a position to command the pontoon bridge, and at the same time not be too much exposed from their batteries on the other side?

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,May 16, 1864-10.15 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: A scout just in reports that he saw a regiment of cavalry this side of the river drawn up in columns of squadrons. He could see but very little infantry this side of the river, but could hear cheering at intervals as though orders were being read or some one was making a speech. My picket at Newtown Ferry reports a force of infantry and cavalry as having just appeared on north bank of the river.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

N. B.-The enemy are now steadily pressing my skirmishers.
HEADQUARTERS,One mile north of Calhoun, May 16, 1864.

General J. WHEELER:

General Johnston directs me to inform to inform you that he will encamp to-night one mile a half beyond (south of) Calhoun, with the right resisting on Resaca and Adairsville road and the left on Calhoun and Rome road.

Respectfully,

WM. W. PORTER,

Aide-de-Camp.

CALHOUN MILL, May 16, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General MACKALL, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A scout just in who spent all last night and to-day in rear of enemy's lines and in their old camp. They report a part of their army moving in the direction of Resaca, the larger portion, however, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, toward Tanner's and Dobbins' Ferries. A lady at whose house they stopped told them that the enemy stated that they intended to cross the rive rat these ferries and cut General Johnston off. A heavy line of skirmishers are advancing now in General Walker's front.

Very respectfully, general,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ALABAMA CAVALRY,On the road four miles from Rome [May 16, 1864].

General FRENCH,

Commanding Forces, Rome, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your aide-de-camp who came with me nearly to this point has, I suppose, communicated to you all the information he obtained

