
about the rumor of Yankees being on this side of the river within five miles of town. After he left me I sent a scout still farther up the river, who went two miles and a half beyond this point and reports that no enemy has crossed or has been on this road within that distance from Rome. The scout also communicated with my picket which has been and still is at the mouth of Armuchee, eight miles from Rome, and find that no enemy has crossed this side of that point. I send this by courier in order to reach you sooner than I would. I will not return by the route that I came, which was nearly in sight of the river all the way, but will return by a road between the river and the Calhoun road, if I can find one, so that I may be still more certain that no enemy has slipped by our cavalry in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. BLAKEY,

Colonel First Alabama Cavalry.

ROME, May 16, 1864-10 p. m.

General L. POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c., Calhoun, Ga.:

GENERAL: First. General Sears leaves to-night by train. He marched twenty-nine miles to-day to get here. I shall leave by the next train in the morning with Ector's brigade. Second. If it be possible let this brigade rest until the second arrives,as it will get no rest to-night. Third. Cockrell will come in here some time to-morrow and follow. Fourth. One battery left with General Cockrell to-night; two others are here, just arrived, and will leave by way of Kingston; the guns by cars. They have marched over thirty miles to-day. One battery had not arrived at blue Mountain when I left there. I hope my whole division will get there with you in time for the battle. Everything that men could do has been done since we left Blue Mountain and got off the cars.

Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,May 16, 1864.

Major General S. G. FRENCH,

Rome:

GENERAL: General Jackson desires me to inform you that the enemy had retired; that he considers the report made of their presence and strength not well founded; that he will send a brigade some fifteen miles to the front on a reconnaissance, and that he will keep you advised of everything of importance.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. L. NUGENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Decatur, Ala., May 16, 1864.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General Lee's Cavalry Department:

I have the honor to report all quiet in front this morning. I had a scout to return from the rear of Decatur yesterday, and reports a small

