
force there and vicinity. Two brigades passed up from the direction of Pulaski on the 13th on their way to Chattanooga. They have been making great preparations to receive the wounded at Huntsville, and other points on the railroad, that are daily coming down on the trains from above. On the night of the 14th six came down, said to be laden with wounded. They passed on toward Nashville. The enemy are still fortifying Huntsville; also are said to be fortifying Athens. In Decatur, a few days since, several houses were burned, and new tents erected, &amp;c. However, I don't think any more troops or re-enforcements have been sent there. Upon the other hand, they have sent off all the spare troops possible. All newspapers and newspapers correspondents have been suppressed for the present in their army at this point. Colonel Patterson, commanding brigade under General Roddey, is making preparations to cross the river to-night with 500 men, fifteen miles above Decatur. I cross with him, with my scout, after which I may be able to give you something new a regards the movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. BAKER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Texas Scouts.

DEMOPOLIS, May 16, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Forrest will start for Middle tennessee on the 20th, from Corinth, with 2,500 picked men. Two batteries will cross at Florence. Can't hear for Richmond concerning the arms.

S. D. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Richmond, May 16, 1864.

* * * *

X. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish to Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles and staff transportation in kind from this city to Dalton, Ga., for themselves, horses, and baggage.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

May 16, 1864.

All ordnance wagons will be started at once to Adairsville. The troops will move to Adairsville to-morrow morning at the hours below indicted and in the following succession: Cleburne's division at 1 a. m., Bate's division at 1.30 a. m., Walker's division at 2 a. m. Cheatham's division will bring up the rear. Each division commander will protect his front by pickets. Skirmishers will be drawn in half an hour before the division starts.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

