
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, may 16, 1864.

The march of this corps will be resumed to-morrow morning in the direction of Adairsville in the following order:

Hindman's division will move at 3 o'clock, Stevenson's division will move at 4 o'clock, Stewart's division will move at 5 o'clock. One battalion of artillery ill accompany each division.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] CALHOUN, GA., May 16, 1864.

The troops of this command will be in readiness to take up the line of march to-morrow at 4 o'clock. The order of march is right in in front, Loring's division leading. Artillery will follow their divisions.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROME, GA., May 17, 1864.

(Received 1.30 a. m. 18th.)

Major General S. G. FRENCH:

I have just received a telegram from Major West ordering Cockrell's and Ector's brigades and Greenleaf and escort company to await orders at Kingston. Make operator at Kingston show all messages to me that come through his office.

WEST STEEVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S DIVISION,May 17, 1864-3.30 a. m.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, on Adairsville Road:

MAJOR: The infantry is moving toward Adairsville. I have received no orders from any once, except the note from you stating that I would be expected or ordered by General Hardee to cover the infantry in its march toward Adarisville. I have with me, as stated last night in my notes to you, the Fourth Georgia only. The Alabama brigade is on the Rome road, and in the absence of any instructions or orders whatever about that road, I have directed General Morgan to picket that road and fall back toward Rome, holding the approaches to Rome as far out as possible. I will be in Adarisville with General Cheatham, who brings up rear of the infantry on this road, and will be glad to get some definite instructions. I thought it advisable to have General Morgan in such position as to prevent a dash upon or in rear of Rome.

Very respectfully,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Major-General.

