
IN THE REAR OF THE ARMY,

On the road three miles and half from Adairsville,

May 17, 1864-10.45 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from General Wheeler, who dates from Curtis' house (where you slept last night). the enemy was not pressing at that time. Wheeler reports he was covering me on the north, northeast, and east. General Martin has also just left me. He is by agreement to connect with Wheeler and to cover the northwest and west. Wheeler has with him both of his divisions of cavalry, within easy reach, as has also General Martin. This cavalry force thus disposed, with Scott's infantry brigade as a support,g ives, in my opinion, all the protection to the moving column which it requires. If, however, you deem additional force necessary, you will please order it. I desire to say, however, that the horses of my cavalry, as General Jackson (who is with me)informs me, have not been fed for forty hours, and I should be very glad to have them fed as early as practicable.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,Adairsville, Ga., May 17, 1864.

General HARDEE:

I supposed that to-day my division would be rested, but the firing of the enemy approaches and every one is moving by, so I believe I will be left in rear again: if so I would like to have a line of battle selected and be informed of the state of affairs in my front and on my flanks. My men are very tired and need rest much.

Very respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

ROME, May 17, 1864-5.30 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

As I was about embarking on the cars at 1 p. m., General Davidson informed me the enemy in force was but two miles and a half from Rome, and that he had but 150 men. I had to remain to meet this force and protect the town and await the arrival of my other brigade. The skirmishing is pretty severe. A prisoner reports a force of cavalry and a division of infantry with artillery. When I drive them back shall leave here, unless otherwise ordered, and join you.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,Adairsville, Ga., May 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY:

I was officially informed through your headquarters that Major Hotchkiss, with his battalion of artillery, would report to me. I find he is from time to time receiving orders, through his immediate regimental superior, which withdraws him from my control. Last night I was

46 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

