
prevented in this way from directing Major Hotchkiss how and when to withdraw from his position on the creek near Calhoun, and the consequence was that his artillery disarranged to some degree the progress of the whole corps. The pieces in position near Calhoun were withdrawn without my knowledge; and at Resaca, in executing a most delicate movement, I was required to look after the safe transit of that artillery to this dice of the Oostenaula River when it was in position at a point removed from the ground I occupied, and immediately under the eye of General Bate. I desire my authority and responsibility in this matter may be clearly defined; if it is not I fear some disaster may occur.

Respectfully, colonel,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

ROME, May 17, 1864-8 p. m.

To the Commanding Officer of General Cockrell's Wagon Train:

SIR: You will take a right-hand road and proceed to Kingston, and thence to your brigade without delay. The train should have been here to-night. The brigade will probably be near Adairsville, on the railroad from Kingston to Dalton.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS KELLY'S CAVALRY DIVISION,One mile from Adairsville, May 17, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I have arrived to within one mile of Adairsville, and find that the infantry occupy all the positions, and appear as though they had gone into camp. I have halted my command and will proceed to feed. General Cleburne's division is here.

Very respectfully,

J. H. KELLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Humes' Plantation, three miles from Rome, May 17, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding, Rome:

GENERAL: I to-day received orders from General Jackson to guard river and country between it and the left of General Morgan's brigade, connecting with Morgan on my right and Ross on my left. The withdrawal of these two officers to Rome compelled me to fall back, too, as the enemy at once attempted to get round me on each flank. I have left a picket at Bell's Ferry, and will camp here to-night, if possible. My horses have not been unsaddled nor fed since yesterday, and are worn down. Please let me know the condition of affairs at Rome, and do me the favor of sending the inclosed telegram* to General Polk to let him know here I am.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

