
700 guns. It is due to the families of absent soldiers, many of whom are now suffering for bread, that the railroad and the breadstuffs and provisions in the valley should be abundantly protected, and for our army it is a necessity, for in this department it is only abundant and available in country or region referred to. Again, I think 3,500 men too small a force to send into Middle Tennessee, and 700 muskets wholly insufficient for the defense of the railroad an forage below here. General Bholson has arrived and requisitions will be made out for his arms and equipments. As soon as armed I shall, unless otherwise ordered or circumstances change, send him with his brigade over to Grenada and Panola and return the regiments now there to the division to which they belong, believing it better, as far as practicable, to keep the commands of each division together. I find I shall need thirty or forty more horses to fit up my caissons, and would be glad if you would remind Colonel Kennard as to forwarding as promptly and as rapidly as possible everything which has been required for; nothing has reached here yet but some ammunition. I shall go up to Corinth to-morrow. Had written Roddey to prepare a crossing and to meet me at Bear Creek with all the wagons he had or could get to advising him of the suspension of the order. If you get the guns at Selma or Montgomery please forward them with the utmost dispatch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 114. Richmond, May 17, 1864.

* * * *

X. The prisoners having been ordered from Cahaba, Ala., the Forty-ninth Regiment Alabama Volunteers will immediately proceed too Dalton, Ga., and reports to General J. E. Johnston, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] ADAIRSVILLE, GA., May 17, 1864.

The troops of this command will stand to arms and be ready to move forward against the enemy at a moment's notice.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

May 17, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Major-General CLEBURNE:

All artillery and ordnance trains will be immediately placed on the Adairsville and Kingston road, and will receive orders from Major-

