
I have no cavalry under my command and cannot supply you. General Wright, commanding post, might, upon your communicating with him, be able to arrange this. I have 100 armed men at Roswell, with four pieces of artillery and about fifty cavalry. I trust by hearty co-operation of all, we will be enabled to protect our charge. I would beg to suggest that with your presence force it might not be advisable to place artillery on the other side of the river.

I am, &amp;c.,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

ATLANTA, GA., MAY 19, 1864.

Captain J. R. KING,

Commanding, &c., Roswell, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by Colonel Wright to say that in view of the captivity of the enemy in our front, he desires that the greatest vigilance be exercised by you to prevent surprise, &c., at Roswell. He desires that particular care be taken of the artillery in your hands, and that under no circumstances should it fall into the hands of the enemy. No apprehension of trouble is felt from any other than raiding parties (cavalry), and they would not, likely, bring artillery with them, and should they get possession of yours, if would enable them greatly to damage us here. He desires that all resistance that can,b e offered against the enemy should they attack, and in case they should come in too large force to resist that you fall back this side the river and burn the bridge. He desires that at no time should you lose sight of the importance of the capture of your artillery by the enemy, and that every precaution be taken to prevent it. You will please advise him promptly of any advance of the enemy in your vicinity.

I am, &c.,

A. W. HARRIS,

Adjutant.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 19, 1864.

Colonel C. G. ARMISTEAD,

Demopolis, Ala.:

Proceed with your regiment at once, and report to General Pillow.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW,

Selma, Ala.:

Armistead's regiment has been ordered to report to you at Selma. Arm it and dismounted men of Jackson's division at once with Trans-Mississippi arms, if there are no others to be had. Make arrangements for promptly arming the other troops when necessary. See that there is suitable ammunition for Trans-Mississippi arms at hand, and if not get Colonel White to provide it. I would prefer your remaining at Selma to-morrow as I wish you to take immediate control of forces around Montgomery and Selma with view to their defense if necessary. Keep at Selma such arms as are there.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

