
SELMA, May 19, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

I find capable of bearing arms in defense of the place 1,415, including about 100 citizens. Of this number 331 are armed, 1,123 organized, and 292 unorganized. In the organized are included 310 dismounted men of Jackson's division cavalry, O'Neal's regiment not included. there is a lot of arms here for Trans-Mississippi Department. Would it not be best to stop them here for the present? I will ride around the line of defense this evening. With your permission I will visit you to-morrow.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers --. Cassville, Ga., May 19, 1864.

Soldiers of the Army of Tennessee, you have displayed the highest quality of the soldier-firmness in combat, patience under toil. By your courage and skill you have repulsed every assault of the enemy. By marches by day and by marches by night you have defeated every attempt upon your communications. Your communications are secured. You will now turn and march to meet his advancing columns. Fully confiding in the conduct of the officers, the courage of the soldiers, I lead you to battle. We may confidently trust that the Almighty Farther will still reward the patriots' toils and bales the patriots' banners. Cheered by the success of our brothers in Virginia and beyond the Mississippi, our efforts will equal theirs. Strengthened by Hiss support, those effort will be crowned with the like glories.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, May 19, 1864.

I. Major-General French will assume command of the brigades of Ector, Sears, Cantey, and Reynolds until further orders.

II. Major-General Loring will assume command of the brigades of Featherston, Adams, Cockrell, and Scott until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ETOWAH, May 20, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

In the last eight days the enemy have pressed us back tot his place, thirty-two miles. We kept near him to prevent his detaching to Virginia, as you directed, and have repulsed every attack he has made. On the 12th at Resaca my arrangements for an attack were defeated by his crossing a column at Calhoun close to my communications, and yesterday, having ordered a general attack, while the officer charged with the lead was advancing he was deceived by a false report that a heavy column of the enemy had turn dour right and was close upon him, and took a defensive position. When the mistake was discovered it was too late to resume the movements.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

