HEADQUARTERS,Near Etowah, May 20, 1864-12 m.

[General WHEELER:]

GENERAL: General Johnston directs me to say that there is a good ford half a mile below the bridge at this place. He directs that you destroy the bridge at this place after using it. You will also observe the orad leading by Douthat's Bridge, about three miles below Etowah on the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. MANNING,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

ALLATOONA, May 20, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General ROSS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

You have been previously ordered to throw yourself to the south side of the Etowah River, and to put yourself in position so as to cover and protect the railroad and other bridges from the enemy threatening them from below, and press them vigorously, and drive them down the river until the whole army shall have crossed. I understand that you are still on the north side of the river; if so, you will cross the river immediately and execute the above order. There is said to be a good ford about two or two miles and a half below the pontoon and railroad bridges. You will ascertain about that and cross there if practicable.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier General M. J. WRIGHT,

Atlanta, Ga.:

If you would consider the services of the local defense troops at Columbus and Macon, Ga., necessary, you are authorized to order them to report to you. The local troops at Augusta must not be removed from that place; they are necessary to the protection of the powder-works there.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., May 20, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry in North Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 17th instant is received and its contents noted. The move into Middle Tennessee was countermanded in consequence of the force of the enemy at Memphis reported to be preparing for a raid. I differ from you as to the force necessary to interrupt the railroads between Nashville and Stevenson; reports received from Roddey on the 10th indicae the line as very weakly guarded. The arms went up to you this morning, and Colonel Kennard says the accounterments will go up to-morrow, being expected from Mobile to-day; though there has been delay, your stores are being forwarded as rapidly as

