
possible. As regards General Gholson's brigade, it is my wish that he be sent as ordered to General Adams, who has not to exceed 1,000 men, whereas the enemy in Vicksburg and vicinity have 5,000 men. It is all important that protection be afforded the planters in the western part of the State at this time and that the railroads be completed to enable the vast amount of stores on the lines of railway to be removed. I regret the necessity of separating your commands, but beg you to bear in mind you have now all the available force in this department, and a large force than your section of country has ever had before. I took it for granted that a brigade had been sent to the Panola and Grenada country, as you had suggested, and was approved. I consider the force you have there sufficient, however. Stripped as this department now is of troops, I hope you will see that it is impossible to keep your divisions together. General Johnston has fallen back to Kingston, which leaves Central Alabama much exposed from the direction of Rome; and i think it is best for you to move all the men you have at tupelo to the vicinity of Aberdeen, where you will not tax the railroad so much for corn, and where that force will be in convenient position to move toward a raid from Memphis or Rome. There is no cavalry now in Alabama to protect the prairie country, Selma and Montgomery, about which there is much apprehension. General Polk is now with General Johnston and has all the cavalry made in Alabama. I have asked General Johnston to look after a raid from his left, but from all I can learn he needs everything with him. Should it become necessary to move a part of your force into Alabama, the division of Buford, or a brigade of it, will have to be drawn south, say to Tupelo. I write thus fully, general, that you can see that other points are exposed as well as your point, from which I do not anticipate any serious move. I am organizing a force at Selma for the protection of that point.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

May 20, 1864.

The army will change position to night:

First. The Army of Mississippi will withdraw its artillery at dark and its infantry at 10 p. m.

Second. Hardee's and Hood's corps will move their artillery at dark; their infantry at 11 p. m.

Third. Each corps commander will leave on the lines such rear guard as he may think proper until 1 a. m., then to be withdrawn and followed by the skirmish line.

Fourth. The corps will move by routes already indicated to the commanders of each, and take position in two lines on the new line indicated.

Fifth. The Reserve Artillery will be protected by the corps in whose line it is serving, and take the route of the corps.

Sixth. Wheeler's cavalry will cover the infantry from General Hood's left to General Loring's right.

Seventh. Corps commanders will send their spare carriages of every description to the rear at or before sunset.

Eighth. General Johnston will move with the center column.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

(Issued at 1.30 p. m.)

