
that they retired. Colonel Jones followed until too dark to see them. Major Bates, Ninth Texas, was seriously, and I fear mortally, wounded. The other part of the brigade moved out on Cedartown road toward Barrett's Mill. The two regiments that fought Colonel Jones fell back in the same direction. Scouts report the enemy four miles this side Wooley's Bridge. They hold that bridge and Gillme's. I had Milam's burned. The woods along the river from Milam's to wooley['s Bridge are full of Yankees. If the Yankees place a battery in range of the bridge just burned by General Ferguson, I have but one road left to fall back on, and that leads through the mountains toward Dallas. I will not allow them to pass me in any direction without serious trouble and inconvenience.

Captain Croft, of the battery, being near the river, reports artillery passing down toward Gillem's Bridge. I think they will appear in heavy force in my front in the morning. The cavalry are working their way out toward the Alabama road. They have possession of the river from gillem's to Wooley's Bridge.

I do not think their infantry advanced across the river this evening. The force was cavalry. They are certainly throwing up works on the opposite side of the river at Gillem's Bridge. My scouts slipped within plain view of the men at work.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., May 21, 1 864-6.30 a. m.

General ARMSTRONG:

Please order a detail of six men to report to Mr. Irby, agent of the commissary department at Duthat's Bridge. General Johnston wishes you to post a strong force of cavalry, with artillery, to defend the bridge; then send forward cavalry to ascertain where the enemy is beyond the bridge. Should a force of the enemy advance upon the bridge, destroy it and defend the road. Report so soon as your force is established to defend the bridge, that the infantry may be withdrawn.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 118. Richmond, May 21, 1864.

* * * *

XX. The following infantry force now serving under Major General D. H. Maury, will forthwith proceed to Army of Tennessee and report to General Joseph E. Johnston: Quarles' brigade, Thirty-seventh Mississippi Volunteers, Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers.

* * * *

XXXIV. Colonel Anderson's cavalry regiment, now serving in Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, will proceed by highway, via Atlanta, Ga., and report to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding Army of Tennessee.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

