
TUPELO, May 22, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

General Chalmers will start in the morning with his division and Gholson's brigade, about 4,000 strong. I have no baggage train, have not transportation for other troops. Send cooking utensils from Selma to Montevallo for Gholson, and twenty wagons if possible. Two batteries will be sent with Chalmers.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, May 22, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Four thousand cavalry leave Tupelo for Montevallo, with two batteries, to-morrow morning, leaving 5,000 in North Mississippi. Roddey sends half his force, 700 men, to Talladega. Adams has in front of Vicksburg 1,200 men. Raid still threatened from Memphis. Yankee force in North Alabama increased-it is 8,000 men. Railroads Middle Tennessee weak, not to exceed four regiments of cavalry; West Mississippi most exposed.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS CAVALRY BRIGADE,May 22, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier General F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The enemy are not moving in any direction on this side the river in my front, nor on the opposite side so far as I can see. I have been watching them all morning from the top of a very high house on an eminence which gave me a commanding view of the whole country. They are encamped all along a creek running around the ledge of hills and parallel with the river. Stragglers and men from the nearest camps are walking about on the river-banks and around the houses in the valley. They had parade and inspection this morning, bands of music, &amp;c.; their drums were beating in every direction. I could very distinctly hear the whistle of locomotives in the direction of Cass or Cass Station. There can be no doubt about its being the whistle of an engine. The report in reference to artillery passing down toward Gillem's Bridge last night I think must have been a mistake. Captain Croft thought he could hear the peculiar rumbling of artillery wheels, but I think as the road along which it could only have passed is about two miles from the points where Captain Croft stood, he could not have heard artillery carriages. I am satisfied from the position of the enemy near me that they will cross below me and not between this point and the bridge guarded by General Ferguson. Scout has just reached me and reports three cavalry regiments on the opposite bank at Milam's Bridge; thinks they are going to cross. A large force camped back in timber not more than one mile from the river; their camps, men, &c., are plainly visible. They will certainly cross there and at Gillem's Bridge if they advance. A force has been sent to re-enforce the picket just this side of the bridge and dispute the crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

