
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,May 23, 1864-1 p. m.

Approved and respectfully forwarded for information of general commanding.

F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Allatoona, Ga., May 22, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: General Johnston informs you that reports indicate active movements of the enemy, but are conflicting as to direction. When the direction is ascertained time is all important. Everything should be ready to move in any direction at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Lieutenant-Generals Hardee and Hood and Brigadier-General Shoup.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Allatoona, Ga., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Occupying the position that I do, I have concluded that some embarrassment might arise from my continuing to direct the movements of the cavalry force under my command during the present military operations, and I therefore turn over to you the brigades of Armstrong, Ferguson, and Ross, constituting the division of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, and respectfully ask to be relieved from any responsibility connected with their future operations during that period. Please acknowledge receipt.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

ALLATOONA, GA., May 22, 1864.

General BRAGG, Richmond:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I was ordered to take Loring's division and such other troops of my command as I thought available and move to the support of General Johnston. I did so, and informed you of the troops I thought available and proposed to take. My opinions on that subject are unchanged. It was competent for you, on the receipt of my dispatch, to order any part of these troops to be kept in the department, or to order them back after they had left, if you did not approve of my decision. The necessity for a change of Roddey's position has not been caused by a withdrawal of Jackson's cavalry, but by the change of position of the Army of Tennessee.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

