
RICHMOND, May 23, 1864-9.10 a. m.

Lieutenant General L. POLK:

Telegram of 22nd received. Mine of 21st was at the dictation of the President. If you had any such orders as you report they were not issued by or known to me or the President, and your [course] in taking with you 14,000 men, when ordered to go in person after you had refused to send 4,000, was disapproved as soon as reported. Copies of the whole correspondence are being prepared and will be sent to you.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MAY 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW, Selma:

Send order in my name to Roddey for half his available force to go to Talladega without deadly. Have sent orders by another route to same effect.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, May 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Chalmers is moving to Montevallo. Orders sen to roddey yesterday morning to send force to Talladega.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Raccoon Creek, Ga., May 23, 1864.

Captain SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy has crossed a heavy force of cavalry on pontoons at Milam's Bridge. Pickets and scouts report hearing artillery crossing the bridge. Were driven off before they could see any infantry (if they have crossed any). I will force them to show their infantry when they reach my lines. They are marching on a country road leading into the Alabama road at Stilesborough. I can see by the dust that another column is approaching the ford just opposite my headquarters, which is now guarded by three companies from General Ferguson's command. I will request General Ferguson to move at once to support his picket on the river. Drums are beating on the opposite side of the river above me, and some skirmishing at a rough ford near Rowland's Bridge, but I think the Yankee force there consists only of a small force of cavalry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

May 23, 1864-8.30 a. m.

The command will move on the road to Dallas in the following succession: Cleburne's division at once, Walker's division 10.30 a. m.,

47 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

