
Bate's division 11 a. m. Cheatham will follow Bate. The artillery regiment under Colonel Smith will move in rear of all the infantry except Jackson's brigade. Vaughan's brigade will rejoin the division; Jackson's brigade will bring up the rear, following Cheatham's division, and will rejoin Walker's division at the close of the day's march.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

May 23, 1864-10 p. m.

The command will move to-morrow, as follows: Bate's division at 2 a. m. to the church on the Dallas road. From that point General Bate will throw out one brigade one mile in advance on the Dallas road, and two brigades one mile on the Burnt Hickory road. He will remain in observation at this position until the whole column ha passed, when he will bring up the rear. Cleburne's division will move at 3 a. m., to the church and thence on the Atlanta road. Walker's division will move at 4 a. m. and follow Cleburne. Cheatham's division will move at 5 a. m. and follow Walker.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,

Williford's Mill, May 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General Polk will move at once on the Dallas road; General Govan will follows; General Granbury will follow next; and General Lowrey next, to be followed by the artillery. The road to Dallas runs immediately in front of these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Cleburne:

I. A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] ALLATOONA, May 23, 1864-9.30 a. m.

This command will move, right in front, immediately in the following order to Allatoona and there halt to await further orders: First, Loring's division; second, Major Myrick's battalion; third, Brigadier-General Cantey's division; fourth, Major-General French's division.

Major-General Loring will send a staff office to General Cantey to inform him when his column shall have been put in motion, and General Cantey will send the same information to Major-General French.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, McLean's House, May 23, 1864-8.30 p. m.

The troops of this command will be in readiness to move to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, right tin front, in the following order, viz: First, Cantey's division; second, French's division; third, Loring's division; fourth ordnance train; fifth, reserve artillery.

