
The artillery battalions will follow their respective divisions. the column will be put in motion by a staff officer of the lieutenant-general precisely at 4 a. m.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Smith's House, May 24, 1864-4 a. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: I put my corps in motion this morning at 2 a. m. My orders, to get in the main Dallas and Atlanta road, to take up a position and defend it. I am also instructed to keep in communication with you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Robertson's House, May 24, 1864-8.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: The head of my column has reached this point, which is the intersection of the road over which I have passed with the main road from Dallas to Atlanta. I have heard nothing this morning from the cavalry, and suppose, therefore, the enemy is not advancing. The only place at which I can find water is five miles from this place, near Powder Springs. I must, therefore, form a line of battle at our near that point. You can communicate with me by sending a courier on the road leading from this place toward Powder Springs.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,In the Field, May 24, 1864.

General STEVENSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires you to move your division and the reserve battalion of artillery early to-morrow morning to Allatoona, and from thence westward on the road that General Hindman moved on this morning. When you have marched about four miles from Allatoona you will come into the Lost Mountain road, where General Stewart has a regiment on picket, at which place you will halt and report the fact to these headquarters. Ask General Armstrong to relieve your pickets on the river, and inform him that General Hood's headquarters ar eat Doctor Smith's house, on the Lost Mountain road, about seven miles west of Allatoona. When you halt you will picket any roads leading to the river. The courier who bears this dispatch knows where you are to halt. Say to General Armstrong that General Hood considers his right as resting on the railroad, and ask him to inform General Hood of the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

