
ALLATOONA, May 24, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

The orders reported to have been received by me were from General Cooper and, as stated, by direction of the President. The movement of Loring's division was restricted by the order directing it to a particular condition of things in my front of which I was made the judge. It was ordered by me as soon as that condition was found to exist and prior to the receipt of General Cooper's order directing me to accompany it and take other available troops with it. The change of position of the enemy which had authorized my sending Loring, in my opinion under my instructions, warranted, nay, required my taking the commands of French and Jackson also. And having reported the facts, I took it for granted, if the department preferred it otherwise, if would order it. Will you please communicate this dispatch to the President?

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, May 24, 1864.

[General G. J. PILLOW:]

GENERAL: Your communication of the 22nd instant, by Colonel Kennard, was received yesterday evening. I had ordered half of Roddey's available force to Talladega, and Chalmers' division, of Forrest's command, across to Montevallo; it moved yesterday morning from Tupelo, and will move via Columbus and Tuscaloosa. I go to Columbus to-morrow to meet Chalmers, and expedite his movement, and on my return will visit Selma, where I hope to be able to arrange a command for you. General, I have been much troubled to arrange for you a suitable command. Forrest ha nearly the entire force under my control. You are aware there are but few troops in this department, and they much scattered. I have said but little to you on this subject as it is a difficult matter to arrange. Major Young, chief quartermaster, ordered a quartermaster to you yesterday (Captain H. U. McKinney), and will send you two more in a few days. Should Paxton not let me have transportation now at Selma for you, there are some wagons which were sent to Blue Mountain which you will have to take. They were sent there as a supply train by General Polk and ordered back toward Montevallo a few days since. I desire you to expedite matters in sending your new regiments to Talladega.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, May 24, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: Before General Chalmers left here his surgeon came to me (or rather was sent by General Chalmers), and represented to me ta the general was suffering from fistula and unable to ride, and unless he could rest and have time to be operated upon would in all probability be unable to do anything during the summer. General Chalmers also spoke of the matter but did not like to apply for leave absence

