
while his command was needed in the field. He was compelled to leave here in his ambulance. I have made you acquainted with these facts and believe were you to write to General Chalmers that you would place General Pillow or Armstrong or some other officer in his stead until he could be operated upon, he would be glad to accept a leave until he could be restored, and able to take his command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE Numbers 120. Richmond, May 24, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The First Georgia Regiment, Colonel Olmstead, will proceed with the greatest possible expedition by railroad via Atlanta, Ga., and report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding Army of Tennessee.

* * * *

VII. Major W. F. Ayer is relieved from duty as post quartermaster at Dalton, Ga., and will proceed without delay to La Grange, Ga., and assume the duties of post quartermaster at that place.

* * * *

XXVIII. Captain J. M. Jamison, assistant quartermaster, will proceed without delay to headquarters Army of Tennessee and report to Lieutenant Colonel M. B. McMickin, chief quartermaster, Army of Tennessee, to relieve Captain J. C. Head, assistant quartermaster. Captain Head on being relieved will proceed without delay to headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department and report for assignment to General E. K. Smith, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, May 24, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding desires to say to the officers and soldiers of his command that in the coming battle their country expect of them victory. This corps must remember the glorious successes of our arms beyond the Mississippi; they must think of their comrades in Virginia, battling against overwhelming odds, and the triumphs which have crowned their efforts, and determine to be outstripped by none I such a course.

So far, wherever you have engaged the enemy, you have repulsed him; your general has pride in the troops he has the honor of commanding, and expects them to be victorious. Death is far preferable to defeat.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

