
in reserve, and perhaps two-thirds of my line is composed of men in single file. I mention this merely for your information. I am just from the two extremes of the line. All the camp-fires indicate a large force of the enemy on General Sears' left, or between him and General Cheatham. I will be much indebted to you, general, to send an officer to place General Cantey in position on my left and to direct General Sears when to close his ranks toward my right. Permit me to suggest that your chief of artillery examine the gorge of the gap at the mill for its defense.

I am, general, yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

NOTE IN PENCIL.-Not sent because General Cantey is now moving.

S. G. F.

NEAR DALLAS, May 28, 1864.

General BRAXTOON BRAGG:

We are still confronting the enemy here. On the afternoon of the 25th Major-General Stewart was attacked by Hooker's corps, which he repulsed with considerable loss, and yesterday afternoon Howard's corps attacked Major-General Cleburne's position, ad was defeated with slaughter. Both these affairs terminated at the close of the day. The Federal army has been approaching the railroad by intrenchments for the last three days at the rate of about a mile a day.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

May 28, 1864-1 p. m.

General ECTOR:

Owing to unforeseen obstacles, the movement contemplated is postponed for the day. The troops will remain very watchful, but be as quiet as possible and rest.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Cockrell and Sears.)

MAY 28, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: In a note just received from General Johnston he states that in the present position of the troops your division naturally falls under my care, and I am directed to assume the command of it. You will, therefore, make reports to my headquarters, on the New Hope and Lost Mountain road, one mile east of the church. Your note of 2 p. m., calling my attention to the necessity of moving to the right to secure your right flank, is received. To enable you to do so and to strengthen you in your position I have ordered Quarles' brigade to report to you without delay. Whether the ground on Loring's front will enable him to advance his pickets or not I know not, but he has been instructed to do so if feasible. Please communicate with him.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

