HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,May 28, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee directs that when relieved by Hindman's division in the morning you will move your division and take position near Walker's left. Send a staff officer in advance to report to Captain Green, at these headquarters, who will put you in position. General Hardee's headquarters are near the roadside, about 200 yards from General Johnston's headquarters.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Hardee directs me to say that you will bring Quarles' brigade with you, and turn it over to Lieutenant-General Polk on your way to this point.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] MAY 28, 1864-12 m.

In consequence of the insuperable obstacles with which the enemy has protected his left, the flank movement contemplated this morning cannot be effected. The troops, therefore, to-day will remain quiet and rest as much as possible, maintaining a regular watch to prevent any sudden surprise.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Major-General Loring and French and Brigadier-General Cantey, commanding divisions.)
HEADQUARTERS,May 29, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Generals ECTOR and SEARS:

In the vent of an advance on my front line by such an overwhelming force as to cause it to fall back, the second line will advance and uniting with it will maintain the first line. In this move your brigade will act in concert with General Ector, who will confer with you on this matter, and command until I arrive. In case the enemy should move down the valley and swing down on our right, General Ector will form as nearly perpendicular to our present line as possible, and General Sears in his rear. In many respects, however, they will have to act according to discretion.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have established a camp of direction at Atlanta to forward the men of my command as rapidly as possible. Major Waddell,

