
in command of it, informs me that he cannot procure subsistence and transportation for the men arriving without General Johnston's authority. Will you please give the necessary orders to Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, commanding at Atlanta, to afford Major Waddell, commanding Camp Direction, Army of the Mississippi, all the facilities necessary for subsisting and forwarding men of my command.

I am, general,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

SELMA, May 29, 1864.

General COOPER, Richmond:

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Marietta:

General Roddey reports the Seventeenth Army Corps to have arrived at Decatur, and that the cavalry force of the enemy there numbers 4,000; the enemy had driven Roddey to Jonesborough on the 28th; their strength reported at 10,000 infantry, cavalry, and artillery.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

BLUE MOUNTAIN, ALA., May 29, 1864.

Colonel H. J. LIVINGSTON,

Montevallo, Ala.:

COLONEL: Information to-night reached here that a Federal infantry force, 15,000 strong, in moving from the direction of Decatur by the way of Blountsville in this or a lower direction. The enemy, by the scout, is said to be at Summit, Blount County, to-night. I do not credit this so far as the strength of the enemy is concerned; but aside by circumstances of corroboration think it probable a strong raiding force is now moving to some point on this railroad. I have sent forward a scouting party to obtain information, with orders to precede the enemy, should his direction be Tuscaloosa, or a point east thereof, to the nearest military post. Should you hear more please notify me. I should be pleased to re-enforce you if yours is the immediately section of attack.

In haste, your friend,

JNO. C. REID.

TUPELO, May 29, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

The time has arrived, and if I can be spared and allowed 2,000 picked men from Buford's division and a battery of a artillery will attempt to cut enemy's communication in Middle Tennessee.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

TUPELO, May 29, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

Following just received:
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S BRIGADE CAVALRY,Tuscumbia, Ala., May 28, 1864.

General FORREST:

Colonel Johnson directs me to say that the enemy's Seventeenth Army Corps, 10,000 or 12,000 infantry, cavalry, and artillery, are pressing General Roddey heavily

