
and have gotten him as far back as Jonesborough, this side of Courtland, Ala. They have 4,000 or 5,000 cavalry. Have forwarded dispatches to you from General Roddey asking for assistance this morning.

C. T. BARTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Respectfully submitted.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

(Forwarded to General Lee to Selma.)

TUPELO, [May 29], 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

General Roddey dispatches me from near Decatur that the Seventeenth Army Corps has moved to Decatur. Four thousand cavalry and 4,000 infantry came out on 26th, skirmished two hours and a half and returned. The river fordable for large horses. Railroads all guarded by negro troops. He has not moved his troops yet to Talladega; will retain them to develop movements of enemy.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

(Forwarded to General Lee at Selma.)

MAY 30, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

I am in very great need of a division commander to command the division composed of the brigades of Cantey, quarles, and Reynolds. Will you not aid me in securing the promotion of Brigadier-General Walthall and his assignment to me for that duty? Please bring this to the attention of the President. Favor me with an early answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,On Dalls Road, May 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: General Govan is in reserve in rear of General Gist 100 yards; Polk is in the line. General Bate thinks the line cannot be held if Polk is removed. I desire to know if I am to withdraw Polk at the hazard of losing the line. We have had no sleep to-night. The attacks at this place, though believed to be only a demonstration, are increasing in intensity and boldness.

Respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

GADSDEN, ALA., May 30, 1864-8.30 p. m.

[Colonel JOHN C. REID:]

COLONEL: Scouts who left near the river on yesterday evening late report the enemy moving on the road leading from Somerville to Warrenton,

