
Ala.; that they camped fifteen miles from Warrenton on last night. They are moving to Rome on the most direct route. Frank Blair is in command. The force is almost entirely infantry, and from 6,000 to 8,000 strong, with very large wagon train and large amount of beef-cattle. They will either move by Van Buren or this place. The force occupying Guntersville landed from boats running the river, and were in possession of the ---- at 2 o'clock yesterday evening, and two boats at the landing. The enemy will be force near Warrant to move either by this route to Rome or by Van Buren, and he must be at Warrenton to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TAZ. W. NEWMAN,

Major and Enrolling Officer, Third District.

SELMA, May 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

The force which drove General Roddey to Jonesborough has returned to Decatur, and was four regiments of cavalry and four of infantry, and supposed to be a diversion made by troops en route to Kingston.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, May 31, 1864.

[General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:]

DEAR GENERAL: In company with Wayne I finished the examination to-day of the river as far as a mile below Sandtown (fifteen miles from here). there are two pontoon bridges at Baker's Ferry, but I think the point a bad selection, as there are two commanding heights within short range on the right bank of the river. Green's Ferry, two miles above, is far preferable, as the command is all in our favor, the ridge retiring on their side, so that the bank of the river "defiles" the bridge from their fire, while on our side the elevations are within short range. The two ferries are about equally distant from Villa rica, but Green's is two miles nearer to Atlanta, and has already a small protecting battery ready for guns. Shall try to-morrow to arrange with Wayne and General Wright for the protection by artillery and infantry of the various points examined, and which, in my judgment, it is necessary to protect. Wayne fully coincides with me.

The head of the special service corps, and old acquaintance of mine, says that Sherman claims to have had 112,000 men at Chattanooga, but he only makes 105,000 of all arms. He states that their reports of losses are 13,000 in all the fights and maneuvers about Dalton, and 5,800 at Resaca. He sets down 10,000 sick, and his men report at least that number of stragglers. Their losses about Dallas he has no report of. We know them to be not less than 8,000 or 10,000. If these figures be true his army must be greatly diminished. Blair is coming along to relive Sherman's garrisons and send them forward, as they were included in the 112,000. I send you this for what it is worth. Hope to get through with my business to-morrow and come up next day to explain more fully what I have done and propose to have done.*

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.

---------------

*Some strictly personal matter omitted.

---------------

