HEADQUARTERS THIRD ENROLLING DISTRICT,Gadsden, Ala., May 31, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Colonel REID:

The enemy have passed Warrenton on the road in this direction. When the scouts left the enemy were coming up the mountain, thirty-five miles from here. Can't tell whether they will come by this point or go by the way of Van Buren. The force is variously estimated; my opinion is 8,000. Will write you again as they approach.

Respectfully,

T. W. NEWMAN,

Major, &amp;c.

[SELMA, May 31, 1864.]

Major-General FORREST,

Tupelo:

You will at once move your disposable force to operate against the enemy in front of General Roddey, and to follow the enemy should they turn southward. It is my opinion that if the force is as Roddey represents, it is intended for Middle Alabama. Of course have the force in front of Memphis, which is now there. Clambers will be in position as was originally ordered till the plan of enemy is more developed. Cipher dispatch received; not yet read.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

TUPELO, May 31, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

McDowell's, Ala., (Selma):

Following just received.

MOULTON, ALA., May 29, 1864.

On 27th large force infantry, cavalry, and artillery crossed Flint River at Redbank, near Somerville,with very large train of wagons. On 28th another large train of wagons guarded by two regiments cavalry, several of infantry, was traveling in direction of Somerville from Decatur. On 27th six regiments cavalry, four of infantry, four pieces of artillery, advanced from Decatur toward Courtland; impeded their progress as much as possible as far as Courtland. Following morning calvary was retired in direction of Moulton and infantry toward Decatur. Last night moved my command here and attacked at daylight, fight lasting three hours; force engaged estimated at 3,000. I withdrew three miles south for position; enemy not pursuing, and is now going in direction of Somerville. * * *

RODDEY.

General Roddey thinks they are moving to the interior of the State and estimates their force at 8,000 or 9,000, half of which is mounted, and which guard about 400 wagons. Will leave here in the morning with command at daylight, via Fulton and Russellville.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 31, 1864.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor of acknowledging the receipt of your favor of the 28th instant. The plan of operations, as suggested by the major-general commanding, is entirely satisfactory to me. I shall leave here

