
in the morning, per Russellville, Ala., with about 2,200 men, six pieces of artillery, and with ten days' rations. I shall leave Colonel Russell in command at this point with his own and Newson's regiment and the dismounted men of the other six regiments, and with two pieces of artillery. Four companies of Russell's regiment and Kizer's scout will be kept at Corinth. The force at these two points will number about 1,400 men. Colonel Rucker is at Oxford with three regiments and a squadron of 150 men under Captain W. H. Forrest, in all numbering 1,500 men. These officers have been ordered to report to the major-general commanding and to receive such instructions from him as may be necessary.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS.] HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS,

May 31, 1864.

I. The First duty of commanders upon getting into position is to throw out skirmishers to a considerable distance in advance of the main line.

II. As a rule skirmishers will be deployed at intervals of not more than five paces.

III. Skirmish lines must [not] be driven in by skirmishers of the enemy. They will retire only before a line of battle. When necessary to enable them to hold their ground against the skirmish line of the enemy they must be strengthened.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WHEELER'S CAVALRY CORPS, No. 3. May 31, 1864.

I. Complaints having reached the major-general commanding that the families of officers and soldiers of this command, as well as other citizens, are frequently robbed of their horses, provisions, and grain by mounted men, who roam over the country falsely representing themselves as scouts detached from this command, and falsely representing that they have authority from these headquarters to impress said articles, soldiers will inform their families that no such authorities are issued from these headquarters, any purporting to be so issued being forgeries. Any such authorities granted by subordinate officers are illegal, and all parties making use thereof render themselves liable to punishment for theft.

II. Families of soldiers should endeavor to have these marauders and plunderers arrested and turned over to justice. They are, in most cases, either roving thieves or deserters.

III. All detachments from this command will invariably, when it becomes necessary to purchase supplies from citizens, either pay for them immediately or furnish such citizens with duplicate certified accounts made out as required by the army regulations, and indorsed by the commanding officer of the detachment. Should cases arise where non-commissioned officers, privates, or couriers are obliged to purchase from citizens without making immediate payment they will, in addition to the certified accounts mentioned above, leave a copy of the order under which they are traveling.

