
IV. Commanding officers will see that all detachments leaving their commands fully understand the spirit and object of this order.

V. In cases where citizens are trespassed upon they should first learn what troops are committing the trespass, and then report the fact to the nearest officer, who will immediately see that proper steps are taken to secure justice to the citizen and the Government. All officers are remained that authorities for impressment emanating from any other than a department commander are illegal.

VI. All officers and men of this command are enjoined to use every exertion to have marauders approaching their camps arrested, in order that they may be brought to the most summary punishment.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

JOHN W. LABOUISSE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY, No. 65. Montevallo, Ala., May 31, 1864.

I. Lieutenant J. T. Dubard, Company K, Third Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, will proceed (in obedience to orders from Major-General Lee) with the dismounted men and baggage of Gholson's brigade to Selma, where he will report to the commandant of the post. Transportation will be furnished by railroad for 142 men and 10,000 pounds of baggage.

II. Neely's brigade will move on to-morrow, eighteen miles to Columbiana, en route to Blue Mountain. On Thursday it will move to Alpine, on Friday to Munford, and on Saturday to Blue Mountain, where it will encamp. Forage for the brigade for each night will be forwarded by railroad to the points above indicated.

III. Colonel Neely will, in the absence of Brigadier-General Pillow, assume command of all the troops at or near Blue Mountain, and will send out scouts and pickets on all the approaches to that place. Scouts will be sent out as far as Cave Spring toward Rome, and as far as Blountsville toward Decatur. Lines of couriers will be established from each of these places to his headquarters, and all information will be forwarded promptly by railroad to these headquarters.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

V. Colonel McCulloch, commanding brigade, will send a squadron on to-morrow morning to Elyton to watch the movements of the enemy, and to resist them if they should attempt to advance. Scouts will be sent forward to Blountsville to observe the movements of the enemy, and a line of couriers, for the transmission of intelligence, will be established from Blountsville to this place. Three or four wagon loads of corn will be sent with the troops to Elyton and Blountsville, and arrangements will be made for supplying them regularly from this place.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW HOPE CHURCH, June 1, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

Since my last dispatch of May 28 our position was unchanged until to-day. To-day the enemy is moving his forces from his right to his

