
left. We are making a corresponding movement to our right. Prisoners and the report of citizens represent his cavalry and transportation animals in a suffering condition. In every respect this army is in a healthy condition. In partial engagements it has had great advantage, and the sum of all the combats amounts to a battle. Reports from several sources represent re-enforcements of 7,000 or 8,000 men on their way from Decatur, Ala., to General Sherman. They are said to be of the Seventeenth Army Corps, from the West.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, June 1, 1864-4 p.m.

To Corps and Cavalry Commanders and Chief of Artillery:

GENERAL: The confidential circular in regard to the army changing position and issued this morning is recalled.

By order of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 1, 1864.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I am exceedingly in want of a division commander to command a division composed of the brigades of Cantey, Reynolds, and Quarles. Walthall and Featherston have both been nominated for promotion to major-generals. If consistent with the interest of the service, please appoint one or the other and order him to report to me for the command indicated.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

SELMA, June 1, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

A force of enemy, estimated by Roddey at 8,000, half mounted, with 400 wagons, moved from vicinity of Decatur toward Somersville on 27th and 28th of May. Roddey thinks they [are] moving to interior of this State. Forrest, with Buford's division, moved this morning from Tupelo via Russelville. Chalmer's division was at Montevallo yesterday. A brigade will move to Blue Mountain to-day. My impression is the force is moving to Rome.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

NEW HOPE CHURCH,

Paulding County, Ga., June 1, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville and Atlanta, Ga.:

My preoccupation must be my excuse for not communicating with you sooner on movements so interesting to your State. We have moved south from Dalton to this place. The army has had many partial combats and with great advantage to our armies. The sum of these engagements

48 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

