
amounts to a battle. The army is in the best condition and is strengthened by the State troops that you have fortunately raised and placed at my disposal for such an emergency.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENTAL OF ALA., MISS. AND EAST LA.,Selma, Ala., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

C. S. Army, Selma, Ala.:

GENERAL: General Chalmers declines to be relieved from the command of his division at present. You as senior officer will have charge of the cavalry for the defense of the iron and coal works. It is my wish that your brigade and Clanton's should be at Blue Mountain, and only such part of Chalmers' force as may be necessary there, the most of Chalmers' division remaining at Montevallo. I desire you to take Clanton in hand and have his men got together. I understand many of the officers have furloughed the men varying from thirty to sixty days. This must be corrected, officers arrested and brought to trial.

I am, general, yours respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

P. S.-General Chalmers will inform you of my instructions to him, and you will furnish him with a copy of the special order inclosed.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., No.-. Selma, Ala., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General G. J. Pillow, Provisional Army, C. S., as senior officer, will take command of the troops for the defense of the coal and iron works of Alabama, under special instructions communicated to him by the major-general commanding.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

H. B. LEE,Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, JUNE 1, 1864. No. 4.

It is forbidden to encamp troops within any inclosures or near houses, orchards, and cultivated fields, if it can possibly be avoided. It is a well ascertained fact that by far the larger portion of the depredations and pillage upon the country is committed by those connected with the wagon train, and therefore all quartermasters, wagon-masters, forage-masters, and teamsters will be severely punished for any violation. Quartermasters in charge of trains will be held to and strictly responsible for a faithful observance of this order. The burning of fence rails, the destruction of houses, and the pasturage of cattle on fields of grain, and all damages of every kind whilst amongst our own people and whilst the army is encamped in the country from which is drawn their subsistence,

