
are strictly forbidden, and commanding officers of every grade are urged to use every endeavor to suppress this lawless tendency to the destruction of the property of our own people which is so rife amongst the army at large.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, June 2, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

General Polk has asked for another division commander. The returns received do not show enough troops in his corps for more than two divisions of four brigades each. If, however, there be a sufficient number of brigades for a third division assign Brigadier-General Walthall to command, and report to me, that I may nominate [him] to be major-general.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, June 2, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

We have the same information of the movement of A. J. Smith, Seventeenth Army Corps, to re-enforce General Sherman. They come from the Red River expedition. I trust the assistance now on way to you from S. D. Lee and Forrest will more than counterbalance. General Lee, like yourself, has had no general battle lately, but in a series of partial engagements he has greatly damaged the enemy. His army is now immediately in front of Mechanicsville confronted by Grant. Butler has been driven back by Beauregard to his intrenchments on the river, and our communications are intact. His forces are being sent by water to Grant, and we are moving to Richmond.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

JUNE 2, 1864-4.40 a.m.

General L. POLK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: No tools were furnished me by the engineers for the work last night. Now that General Cantey's forces are retired to the curtain of the line, I hope you will secure for us the use of all the tools in his division. I wish you engineer officer could furnish you with a correct survey of the lines of the Army of the Mississippi for your inspection.

Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

TALLADEGA, June 2, 1864-12 m.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: I have been to Blue Mountain and returned to this place. Information given you this morning by telegram as to the route of the enemy I am satisfied was substantially correct. I think the force was evidently overestimated, if not doubled in strength. From Van Buren

