
enemy were in strong force on his refused line, extending from the Burnt Hickory road down to a point in front of Cheatham's right flank; that they had massed troops in the angle at that point made by that line and our front line; that they had established new batteries in that angle, from one of which they were shelling Cheatham's right, late yesterday afternoon; that working parties were distinctly heard throwing up additional works to-night, and that in his (General Jackson's) judgment it was unsafe to withdraw General Cheatham to-night or until the enemy's purposes were more fully developed. The lateness of the hour at which the information was received made it impossible to communicate with army headquarters in time to arrest the movement should it have been deemed expedient. I therefore felt warranted, in view of the condition of both flanks, to issue the order transmitted in my last note.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near New Hope Church, Ga., June 4, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

Your letter informing me that you had organized a division of 3,000 State troops under Major General G. W. Smith and placed at my disposal, has been received. At present the best disposition for this force seems to be the protection of the bridges and guarding the fords on the Chattahoochee leading to Atlanta. I will instruct Major-General Smith accordingly. My commissary receives orders to supply provisions. Since my telegram to you no change has taken place in the state of affairs here, beyond a gradual extension of the enemy's line to the east and a corresponding movement on our side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CIRCULAR.] JUNE 4, 1864.

The Army of the Mississippi will be removed to-night from its present position to Lost Mountain. Its divisions will move on three separate roads and will move by the left flank. Division commanders will leave their lines of pickets in their present positions. They will leave two or more regiments to replace their brigades in the trenches. The artillery will be removed from the front so soon as it is dark. The several brigades will be removed at 11 o'clock. The regiments left in the trenches will be removed at 1 o'clock, and the pickets and skirmishers at 3 o'clock, unless sooner relieved by the cavalry. The roads to be pursued by the several divisions will be indicated to them by the several engineers, who will act as guides. As it is of the highest importance that this movement should be conducted with success, division commanders are urged to confide the removal of their brigades and regiments to officers of the best skill and discretion.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

