SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION, No.-. In the Field, June 4, 1864-4 p.m.

I. Brigadier-Generals Cockrell and Sears will leave their present line of skirmishers our in their front, under well-tried and competent officers.

II. General Cockrell will leave Colonel Gates' or any other regiment on his line of battle, and General Sears will leave two regiments on his line of battle, and the moment the brigades are withdrawn from the trenches these three regiments will cover the whole front, Sears' regiments extending to his right until they meet Cockrell's men, who will extend to the left a little over third of his line.

III. General Ector's brigade will move by the left flank promptly at 11 p.m., and take the road to Lost Mountain, moving by General Polk's headquarters, and he will be followed by General Sears and then by General Cockrell. The utmost promptness and silence will be observed.

IV. The artillery will be withdrawn immediately after dark. One gun will remain at General Polk's headquarters to move with Colonel Gates.

V. To prevent mistakes, it is repeated, the artillery moves at dark; brigades at 11. The regiments left in the trenches will leave at 1 o'clock, and the skirmishers will be withdrawn at 3 o'clock, unless sooner relieved by the cavalry.

VI. Officers' horses will be saddled and held in readiness to deliver to the officers as they pass General Polk's headquarters, or at such other places as the brigade commanders may direct.

VII. Colonel Young's regiment at the batteries will withdraw at 11; the sharpshooters of Sears' brigade at 1.

VIII. Colonel Gates will command the three regiments left in the trenches.

S. G. FRENCH,Major-General, Commanding.

Every man in the trenches will be in ranks with musket and equipments in hand without fail at 10 p.m., to await the movement.

S. G. F.

NEAR LOST MOUNTAIN, June 5, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

In consequence of the enemy's movements to his left we have taken this position; our line nearly parallel to the Chattahoochee, more than two-thirds of it to the right of the mountain.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Oxford, June 5, 1864.

Major P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I came up from Talladega to this place to-day and shall establish my headquarters here until I hear further from the major-general. On the reception of his dispatch of the 2d, directing Chalmers' division to be kept at Montevallo, I immediately forwarded an order to Colonel Neely, commanding brigade of Chalmers' division, to stop his command at Munford, where he then was en route for this place, which

