
is five miles from Blue Mountain. But as he had been ordered by General Chalmers to bring his command to this place, and as General Chalmers had not furnished him with a copy of your order, placing me in command, he wrote me that he felt under obligations to obey the order which he had previously received from General Chalmers, to proceed to this place, which is ten miles above Munford. Armistead and Ball are at Blue Mountain. I have ordered Livingston with his part of a regiment, from 200 to 250 men, up from Montevallo to Blue Mountain. This is all of Clanton's brigade that I can as yet reach. I have information that Thomas, with about 375 men, left Montgomery for my headquarters to-day.

I am very desirous of hearing from the major-general relative to the suggestion in my last in reference to moving Chalmers' remaining brigade from Montevallo to Blue Mountain and the keeping of Roddey's force between Elyton and the Tennessee River in such a manner as to protect Elyton and its surroundings. If I cannot get a battery I shall feel myself very unequal to the duty of protecting this section of country from a force of any great strength. I will keep you advised by daily communication of all that transpires in my front and of all information that I can obtain of the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Roddey's command is on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, where he was moved to meet late raid. Will give him a battery as soon as can have it fixed up. As soon as it is determined what is to be done with Roddey will let him know.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, June 5, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to say that General Jackson, of the cavalry, reports the enemy advancing on the roads over which we marched this morning. He wishes you to have your artillery placed in position, and your troops held in readiness for action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WIGFALL,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,June 6, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: General Johnston has received your dispatch relative to guns enfilading the enemy on our right. I am directed to inform you that the engineers are constructing a battery to-night for the purpose you mention at a point or a little above our right, but General Johnston will send an officer up to see the position you mention, and, if possible, additional guns will be sent up to relieve yours. The position you speak of may be the one at which the battery is to be constructed to-night, or it may not be.

Most respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

