
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, June 7, 1864.

Whenever this corps is placed in line of battle for the purpose of fighting, it will be the duty of commanding officers to make inquiry of any families who may be near enough the lines to be in danger, and learn if they wish to move. Those families who desire to move,and have not the means of doing so, will be furnished with wagons to transport them and their effects out of danger. The attention of commanding officers is again called to the destruction of private property, especially the wheat crop. They will use every means in [their power] to prevent it and bring to punishment any one depredating, regardless of the command to which he belongs.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] JUNE 7, 1864.

The Army of the Mississippi will move by the right flank to the right of the Army of Tennessee. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that division commanders move their troops upon routes and to positions to be indicated by staff officers.

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, June 8, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Our scouts report the enemy extending to our right and massing on the railroad between Acworth and Big Shanty. We are moving to meet this, and our line, extended across the railroad, runs from Gilgal Church to north of the Kenesaw Mountain.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Lost Mountain, June 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have received your telegram calling my attention to paragraph V, General Orders, No. 44, current series.* This army has been for the past month in the immediate presence of a powerful Federal army, engaged almost daily. The officers of the adjutant-general's department have had and still have great labor, and are performing indispensable services. Under these circumstances I respectfully submit

---------------

*Of April 29, 1864, and reads: "General officers will report to the Adjutant and Inspector General all officers of the several staff departments, now serving in their respective commands, and will at the same time recommend for reassignment such as may be required under the provisions of this order." The order fixes the number of general staff officers, and the grade of each, allowed to the several commands in the field.

---------------

