
to the War Department that it would be cruel to these meritorious officers to put them aside at such a time, and contrary to the public interest to attempt now to reorganize any part of this army. I therefore respectfully ask to be permitted to postpone the execution of the order in question until the condition of affairs may make it easier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

JUNE 8, 1864-11 a.m.

Colonel JACK:

I am sure General Polk is not aware that yesterday Captain Morris, engineer, ordered Captain Vinet to turn over and deliver him the tools belonging to and in the possession of my division. They are now in a wagon at your headquarters, and for the want of them I am delayed in the work on my line. I cannot understand the object of keeping those tools idle. I cannot construct my line without tools. I do not want the general worried about these matters, but I am sure he does not know that my tools are thus taken away, though I mentioned it to him this morning.

Yours, truly,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In Front of Lost Mountain, Ga., June 8, 1864-7.30 p.m.

General VAUGHAN,

Commanding Infantry:

GENERAL: My scouts report the enemy's skirmishers in connected line extending down to within half a mile of Leverett's gin-house. They passed around the right the enemy's skirmishers, and found infantry encamped in rear of the line of skirmishers. The force could not be ascertained. Drums were heard in this camp. I am satisfied it is all artillery. No force farther west or in the direction of New Hope Church. My scouts will attempt to learn the strength of the enemy, and whether their skirmish line is supposed all the way down from Davis' house to the point near Leverett's gin.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, June 8, 1864-11.15 p.m.

Division commanders will draw in all their pickets to-morrow morning at daylight, and have their divisions in readiness to move by the right flank promptly at sunrise, at which time a staff officer from these headquarters will be sent to each of them. The battalions of artillery will accompany the divisions to which they are attached.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

