
heretofore brave and chivalrous bearing and his respect for their well-earned reputation that induces him to be thus lenient and to pass by their conduct of to-day with this simple reprimand.

II. There appears to be a growing disposition on the part of officers and me of this command to disregard orders given them on the field. Indeed, to such an extent does this fault obtain that it becomes necessary to call the attention of the command to the following instructions: Whenever a company or any portion of the command is deployed in front of the brigade it is for the purpose of fighting back or developing the strength of any advancing force of the enemy. Skirmishers must not, therefore, fall back until driven by a superior force, which cannot be until said force has been developed. Pickets are posted in front not only to give notice of the approach, but to learn also the strength of an enemy. Skirmishers and vedettes should, therefore, discontinue the habit of shooting at the first enemy they see and the running back on the reserve, but let them hold their ground and fight until driven. Picket commanders must not permit themselves to be driven in by an advancing enemy until overpowered. Officers ordered to hold any position or to accomplish any give object must do it, and if, hereafter, there should be any failure on the part of officers to do whatever is demanded of them without sufficient justification, they will promptly be arrested and charges preferred against them for cowardice and disobedience of orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,In the Field, June 10, 1864.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: In answer to your note of 9.15 last night, I am directed by General Hood to say that he intends two of your brigades to be considered as a second line, and to be brought to the support of the first line if necessary; but at the same time he wishes the work done as indicated by Captain Coleman, so that, should it become necessary to move to the right to meet a movement of the enemy, you will have some protection for your men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, June 10, 1864.

Colonel M. H. WRIGHT,

Ordnance Department, Atlanta, Ga.:

COLONEL: General Johnston wishes you to put the engineers and the negro laborers engaged on the fortifications of Atlanta under the orders of General Wayne, or the general commanding the Georgia State Troops, to prepare defenses on the Chattahoochee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

