
are made. Yesterday I sent to you an order to burn the bridge near Roswell Factory; having ascertained that there was a guard of our troops at the bridge the general no longer insists on its immediate destruction, but that arrangements be made so that it can be destroyed when it can no longer be defended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-There is a shallow ford half a mile below the bridge on the Marietta road, not guarded. Colonel Lee is reported to have a force of 400 or 500 men and four pieces of artillery at the bridge.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, June 12, 1864.

In compliance with instructions from General Johnston Lieutenant-General Polk's corps will to-morrow morning occupy the position now occupied by this corps. When relieved by General Polk division commanders will hold themselves in readiness to move into bivouac, by the right flank, the point to be indicated by staff officers sent to them from these headquarters.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., June 12, 1864-midnight.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The advance of my pickets has advanced to Mr. Orr's, half a mile in front of Davis' house, from where the enemy's breast-works can be seen. No enemy can be seen or heard and no light visible along their works. The picket officer thinks the enemy have retired. I have sent a staff officer to take pickets forward and endeavor to reach their works and ascertain if they have certainly moved. It is from this position that I observed their works and movements this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 10. In the Field,near Kenesaw Mountain, June 12, 1864.

I. The batteries and battalions of light artillery of the Army of the Mississippi are temporarily assigned for service as follows:

First. Barry's, Cowan's, and Bouanchaud's batteries, commanded by Major Myrick, to division commanded by Major General W. W. Loring.

Second. Guibor's, Hoskins', and Ward's batteries, commanded by Major Storrs, to division commanded by Major General S. G. French.

Third. Selden's, Tarrant's, and Yates' batteries, commanded by Major Preston, to division commanded by Brigadier-General Cantey.

