
II. From the commencement of an engagement to its close the battalion will be under the control and management of the division commander.

III. When a change of position or march is to be made the division commanders will communicate to the battalion commanders the time and direction of the movement, and point of destination if known; but the batteries will be moved from their positions and governed on the march by orders until they are placed in position again and it becomes necessary for orders for action to be given, which will be given by the division commanders through the battalion commanders, when practicable, otherwise directly to the commanders of the batteries, sections, or pieces as the case may be.

IV. The drill, discipline, equipment, and administration of the artillery of this army are under the control and management of its commanding officer. The regular returns and reports, and such others as he may call for, will be made directly to him by the battalion commanders and subordinate officers.

V. Battalion commanders will furnish for the information of the division commanders of the divisions to which they may be assigned any reports they may call for.

VI. Positions for the artillery on line of battle will be designated by the division commanders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,June 13, 1864-7 p.m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

I earnestly suggest that Major-General Forrest be ordered to take such parts as he may select of the commands of Pillow, Chalmers, and Roddey, all in Eastern Alabama, and operate on the enemy's rear between his army and Dalton.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JUNE 13, 1864-9.50 a.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: You will do me a favor by giving me the benefit of your opinion on the subject of the mode of occupying our intrenchments to the best advantage. It is important that we should keep in our works only the number of men necessary to hold them, that we may have a strong movable force. For the line you now occupy how many men, on an average, would be necessary for each hundred yards, and how many guns for the front? I respectfully suggest that your artillery officer and Brigadier-General Shoup together examine the line from your right to General Hood's to determine what number of guns can be advantageously placed on it.

Very respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

