
JUNE 13, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Hood has just written to me-

The distance from Hindman's right to Stevenson's left is about one mile and a half, and the position, and works very strong. The strength can be increased by additional artillery; with this addition, I think, 5,000 men can hold it against any force of the enemy, and 6,000 would allow reserves at certain points on the line.

Very respectfully and truly,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JUNE 13, 1864-1.30 p.m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I have had a conference with my division commanders, and have arrived at the conclusion that I could, in case of an attack on us by the enemy, hold the line now occupied by my command by a fraction more than one-third of its whole force, say 5,000 men. That presumes that the other two-thirds are out of the trenches in the rear of the line and held ready to be employed either to support the right or the left or to be used to support the front line should it be attacked. I am in receipt of your note from General Hood and perceive that he makes about the same estimate. I will call this evening and see you.

Yours, respectfully,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, June 13, 1864.

General POLK:

GENERAL: General Johnston directs that the Army of the Mississippi, resting its left at the angle made by its present position and the new line marked out by the engineers, will be extended to the right so as to occupy in addition the trenches now held by Stevenson's and Hindman's divisions, Hood's corps, the infantry in single rank, with such reserves as may be necessary. Brigadier-General Shoup will supply from the reserve artillery such guns as he may find necessary to add to the artillery on this front. Hood's corps will be drawn out of the line and massed on the right of its present (Polk's new) line, and will be held in reserve. The movement will commence as early as possible to-morrow morning. Lieutenant-General Hood will inform Lieutenant-General Polk of the hour at which he will be ready to move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

(Copies to Lieutenant-Generals Hood and Hardee at 8 a.m., and to Brigadier-General Shoup at 7 p.m.)

