
JUNE 13, 1864-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-General HOOD,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your note of this evening and shall move my troops as suggested. The movement will be commenced promptly at daylight, but as I have some changes to make along my line I shall not be able to relieve you until shortly thereafter.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,In the Field, June 13, 1864.

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that this corps will be relieved early to-morrow morning by Lieutenant-General Polk's corps. General Polk will move his command in rear of the trenches until his right reaches Hindman's right, when he will move into your position, and you will move out, keeping out of view of the enemy as much as possible. A staff officer will be sent to you to conduct your command to where it is to be placed in bivouac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To division commanders.)

MARIETTA, June 13, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I am informed that General Chalmers has about 4,500 men between Montevallo and Blue Mountain, General Pillow about 2,000 and in the same vicinity, and General Roddey about 2,500 in the Tennessee Valley. There is no force now threatening the front which these troops guard. I respectfully suggest that General Buford be left in charge of his division of Forrest's troops, now in North Mississippi, and that General Forrest be ordered to take command of his other division under Chalmers and so much of the force of Pillow and Roddey as he may make available, and operate on the enemy's communications from this to Chattanooga.

L. POLK.

[Indorsement.]

I concur in the above.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding cavalry division, reports through Lieutenant-General Polk, commanding Army of the Mississippi.*

Respectfully,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*This in reply to inquiry whether Jackson's division was under Wheeler's command.

---------------

