
CIRCULAR.] JUNE 13, 1864-9.30 p.m.

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that the Army of the Mississippi, resting its left at the angle made by its present position and the new line marked out by the engineers, will be extended to the right so as to occupy in addition the trenches now held by Stevenson's and Hindman's divisions, Hood's corps, the infantry in single rank, with such reserves as may be necessary. The division of Major-General French will constitute the left of the line, his left resting on the angle indicated. The division of Brigadier-General Cantey will move by the right flank and form on French's right. The division of Major-General Loring will move by the right flank, and extend from Cantey's right to the point occupied by Hindman's right. The skirmishers in front of Loring's and French's present positions will not be removed until further orders. The batteries to the right of the intersection of the old and new lines will remain in their present positions; those to the left of that intersection will be moved to the right and placed in position as indicated by the commanding officer of artillery. The movement will commence promptly at daylight in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, June 14, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The army and the country this morning had the calamity to lose Lieutenant-General Polk, who fell by a cannon-shot directed at one of our batteries.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MARIETTA, June 14, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Incessant rain for several days has probably prevented movement by the enemy. He is fortified about a mile in our front. Weather fair this morning.

JOS. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,June 14, 1864-7 a.m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your communication of 6.15 p.m. yesterday received last night. I start Harvey in an hour, uniting his party and Lieutenant Baker's Texas scouts, numbering in all about seventy-five men; Harvey the senior. He will pass below Rome, crossing the Coosa at Quinn's Mill, up the west bank of Oostenaula and strike the railroad between Kingston and Resaca. He will divide his party into two or three squads when in striking distance of the road; will operate quietly; endeavor to catch trains; cutting telegraph line and destroying any small bridges, &c. He will remain in that section as long as he can accomplish anything, changing his position twenty or thirty miles every day or two. He is confident of success. Had thought the matter over before I mentioned

