HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,In the Field, June 19, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Generals HINDMAN and STEVENSON:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that he has been notified by General Johnston that this corps may be called on to move to the left early to-morrow morning or some time during the day, and that he wishes you to arrange your working details, so that the men may not be fatigued more than possibly can be helped, holding your command at the same time in readiness to move whenever called on to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAND MOUNTAIN, June 19, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD:

On the 16th I left the vicinity of Bridgeport; have come down the river some forty miles. I find more vigilance on the river than ever before. A chain picket is established, it seems, as far down as Guntersville. They are thought to be building a bridge opposite Guntersville.

I am, yours, truly,

J. C. A. LOWRY.

P. S.-No enemy on this side the river as far up as Bridgeport.

J. C. A. L.

CAMP, Atlanta, Ga., June 19, 1864.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Recent changes seem to render it proper on my part to request an assignment to the command of a division of the army under your command. It may not have escaped your notice that I belong virtually to that army, and that at various times I have commanded many of the troops composing it. I explained personally to some extent the peculiar circumstances by which I am surrounded, especially that I am awaiting orders for a service which is not in accordance with my wishes, and to which I may now add from the lapse of time since communication was made to the President on the subject, I am led to infer other assignment may have already been made.

Please find inclosed copies of Special Orders, Nos.95* and 113,+ dated Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., April 23 and May 16, 1864. The last (No. 113) was issued under the expectation that I should be assigned to duty with this army.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXII, Part III, p.811.

+See p.719.

---------------

