
MERIDIAN, MISS., June 20, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Columbus, Miss.:

General Pillow wishes General Johnston to engage the enemy's cavalry on Thursday and friday to assist his operations.

P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Cheney's House, Ga., June 20, 1864-11.25.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The Yankee cavalry are now at the bridge on Powder Springs road, fighting my pickets. Colonel Jones, with his regiment, is here by this time. The bridge is three miles from this place. All my scouts were driven out before the cavalry and could not pass behind them for the high water. Every creek is swimming and the fields and woods very boggy. Lieutenant McClatchey, with scouts, is on the Powder Springs and Atlanta road watching them. He was driven from Powder Springs this morning. Nothing but cavalry has been seen by my scout. They advanced on three roads, with line dismounted skirmishers flanking through woods on either side. I have directed some scouts to swim the creek between Manning's Mill and the brigade on this road and get in rear of their advance. I think they have infantry following in rear of the cavalry. I will move to meet the cavalry at the bridge at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,June 21, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

The situation is not essentially changed since my last dispatch. The enemy are apparently strengthening and extending their right on a line running generally north and south. On our right Wheeler yesterday, with 1,100 cavalry from Allen's, Anderson's, and Williams' brigades, Harrison's regiment, and a battery of artillery, attacked Garrard's division of cavalry; drove it from the field, killing 30 or 40, capturing as many more. The continued heavy rain has made the roads almost impassable. Military operations off them next to impossible.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Gadsden, Ala., June 21, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: The rain continues to pour and I find myself more delayed than I anticipated. The streams are so swollen that I am compelled to ferry many that are usually at this season of the year very nearly dry. This draws so heavily on my already short rations that when I reach Blue Pond, twenty-five miles farther on, I shall be compelled to send

