
men in exposed places. Our tools are, however, all employed, and we trust, with the additional strength given to our line, to have it as well protected as the nature of the ground will admit, and without unnecessary delay.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. SEARS,

Brigadier-General.

MARIETTA, June 22, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

I respectfully apply for the assignment of Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell to this army.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 22, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: From the information received this evening the major-general commanding does not think that you reserves will be needed. You can therefore dispose your troops as before.

I am, general, very respectfully,

D. WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR DECATUR, June 22, 1864.

Major-General LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: The enemy are moving into Decatur in considerable force; some of them are represented to be 100-days' men and others old troops from the Mississippi army. It is believed that another re-enforcement will leave Decatur for Georgia, going the same route traveled by General Blair. One mounted regiment has been scouting as low down as Florence on the north side of the river, and has just returned. There seems to be a considerable number of troops moving all the time toward Georgia; they only stay a short time, generally stopping at Huntsville and Decatur.

Respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Shaw's House, Ga., June 22, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 2.30 p.m. just received. I am in position to obtain the information desired. My impression is that there is a considerable force of infantry advancing in my front, but I have not yet felt them, and have no means of judging except from the statements of the colonel commanding force from Humes' division, who was driven

50 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

