
One brigade of three regiments passed down on the road from Cheney's toward Ferguson's before night. Enemy's cavalry (two or three regiments) are on the right of the infantry at Cheney's and in front of Armstrong. The infantry at Cheney's are making temporary works of rails and have a battery in position just west of the house. My skirmishers are so deployed as to prevent their passing the Powder Springs road and there is no other that they can go in that direction. They came with a rush until they struck my line this evening. There they halted. I am observing them closely with my scouts on right and left. Their battery disabled one of my rifle pieces the second shot. I will worthy them in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 23, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Marietta, Ga.:

Major-General Stewart has this day been appointed lieutenant-general to command the corps recently commanded by Lieutenant-General Polk.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,On the Bell's Ferry Road, June 23, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The enemy are advancing in force on the Bell's Ferry road. They are on both sides of the road, but principally west of it. This is the report of Major Standifer, who went to the front with two companies of the Twelfth Louisiana to reconnoiter. They are now near our picket-line and shelling our line here. The cavalry on our right is very thin in the trenches, not enough, I think, to do much good.

Very respectfully,

W. S. FEATHERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

General Johnston refers this paper to you [Wheeler]. Your attention is asked to the statement that you line is very thin in the intrenchments. You know best how you can hold. It is only important that you should hold.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,June 23, 1864-6.05 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel JACK,

Chief of Staff:

General Scott has this moment reported by a staff officer that the enemy are advancing down the Bell's Ferry road in heavy column; now fixing a new battery down the road.

Respectfully,

W. S. FEATHERSON,

Brigadier-General.

