
right. They could see troops behind the second breast-works; hear chopping, coughing, and talking. I suppose you have the original dispatch Colonel Ressenden sent me. Their troops are now appearing on Rocky Face Ridge, I suppose to meet those I sent to try getting up the hill. The gap is a very ugly place to send troops, and unless it is intended. The gap is a very ugly place to send troops, and unless it is intended to make an assault in the gap but a very few skirmishers should go in. I expect a report shortly from the force sent in on the right of the smoke just under the end of the ridge.

As soon as I get a satisfactory report I will, unless you otherwise direct, order the brigade to camp for supper and blankets, that they may be ready to move to-night if ordered; they are now five miles from their rations and shelter-tents.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

MAY 8, 1864.

General G. H. THOMAS:

McPherson in Villanow at 2 p. m. moving upon Snake Creek Gap. Hoped to have possession of it to-night.

HOOKER.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, May 8, 1864-7.20 p .m.

General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Tunnel Hill:

Geary reached Mill Gap 3 p. m. Formed infantry and artillery to attack; approaches to gap covered with thick woods; had met with few cavalry squads. Hoped to be able to report in an hour that the ridge was taken.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Babb's House, Ga., May 8, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that my command is in camp opposite the mouth of the gap out of shelling distance. We gained the second ridge of the mountain summit by assault four times, but had to leave it before superior numbers and galling fire. I withdrew my troops at dark under protection of a heavy fire from my artillery. We retired slowly and in good order. Surgeon Ball informed me our loss will not exceed 150. May Third Brigade has reported. Will send details as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

