
however, are in sight. No force of any magnitude has passed down the Powder Springs road, and cannot without my discovering it. The battery near Cox's was advanced to a position just in front of my left, and about 500 yards distant, and fired a few shots, but was soon driven off by Captain Croft's howitzer. My command has suffered some in men and horses.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Shaw's House, Ga., June 26, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Captain Alderson, of Ninth Texas, commanding my skirmish line, reports that the enemy are moving a brigade of infantry on my right and in front of Colonel Miller's regiment, of Ferguson's brigade. They have driven Colonel Miller some distance back in my rear, and the balls from their skirmishers are passing up my line on the right. I have sent Colonel Jones' regiment to drive their skirishers back and take the place occupied by Colonel Miller. This infantry can be seen very plainly.

5.50 p.m.-The position of my line on the right has been re-established. Only one squadron of Colonel Miller's regiment gave way. He now connects with my right. The infantry in front of Colonel Miller has commenced firing some little.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

TALLADEGA, ALA., June 26, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La., Meridian, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have already had the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Major-General Lee's telegram of the 22nd instant.

As stated in my reply, I had no cavalry, but made immediate arrangements to secure the temporary services of a portion of a company of cavalry, commanded by Captain Bowie, engaged in the conscription service, and also of a company of State reserves, commanded by Captain Hardie, which were tendered for the purpose, and have sent them out in the direction of Rome, in accordance with the orders of Major-General Lee. By the mail of yesterday evening I received General Lee's two communications of the 23rd instant, with a sealed letter addressed to Brigadier-General Pillow. I immediately dispatched a copy of the letter addressed to me, signed Henry B. Lee, aide-de-camp to General Pillow, directing Captain Bowie to open and keep up communication with him, if possible, by a line of couriers. The sealed communication to General Pillow I retain, in obedience to the instructions accompanying it, signed William Elliott, assistant adjutant-general, "until I can hear of General Pillow on his return from his expedition."

I was somewhat doubtful whether to understand this last order literally or to send the sealed letter to General Pillow by the same courier who conveyed the instructions communicated through me, but concluded

