
Our superior officers think that we have inflicted a loss on the enemy treble our own, as our men have almost always fought under cover or under favorable circumstances. The Federal army has received no other re-enforcements, I believe, than Blair's troops, estimated at from 5,000 to 7,000, and garrison and bridge guards relieved by 100-days' men.

I have been unable so far to stop the enemy's progress by gradual approaches on account of his numerous army and the character of the country, which is favorable to that method. Our best mode of operating against it would be to use strong parties of cavalry to cut his railroad communications. Our own cavalry is so weak compared with that of the Federal army that I have been unable to do it. If you can employ cavalry in that way quickly great benefit must result from it-probably Sherman's speedy discomfiture.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 27, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

The troops which threaten Mississippi being from the Trans-Mississippi, might General Kirby Smith held Major-General Lee?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, June 27, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

We have no cavalry in East Tennessee, and that in Mississippi is fully occupied by the enemy in superior force. The Fourth Georgia Cavalry has this morning been ordered to join you from near Savannah. There is no other force available.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Marietta, June 27, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

The enemy advanced upon our whole line to-day. They assaulted French, Cheatham, Cleburne, Stevenson, Quarles, by whom they were repulsed. On the rest of the line the skirmishing was severe. Their loss is supposed to be great; ours known to be small.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JUNE 27, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: The enemy assaulted Stevenson, Cheatham, and Cleburne this morning and was repulsed in each case, in that of General Stevenson by the skirmishers, I believe. It would have a good effect to let this be known among your troops. If any additional strength can be given to your works, please let it be done to-night.

Respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

