
ON KENESAW MOUNTAIN, June 27, 1864-10 a.m.

General F. M. COCKRELL:

GENERAL: Can I shell the woods in your front? I will do so, and when I stop, try and retake your skirmish line. Send me word when you can do it.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 27, 1864.]

General FRENCH:

You can easily shell the woods in my front. Two heavy lines of skirmishers and one line of battle advanced against my skirmishers and were held in check until flanked on the left. The enemy kept pressing around my left. After my skirmishers withdrew the enemy came to the foot of my hill and were quickly driven back by my line in my works. The enemy occupy the woods in the edge of the open field on my left and the bottom in my front, and I understand are a portion of the way up the mountain in Sears' front. I can't advance my skirmishers until General Mercer on my left and General Sears on my right advance and protect my flanks, as my line is a curve, each flank thrown back.

Yours, truly,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,June 27, 1864-2 p.m.

General WALKER:

I have shelled your front as far as my guns can reach, and have driven out much of the force of the enemy. I have repelled the assault, but cannot advance my skirmishers without your co-operation. I beg you to send an officer to confer with General Cockrell to advance our lines. The enemy in my front fills the woods, and could be shelled by your artillery. General Cockrell begs co-operation in advancing his skirmishers. Will you please send an officer to see General Cockrell at once, and oblige me,

Your, friend,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 27, 1864.

Major-General FRENCH:

GENERAL: My skirmishers are about 250 yards in my front now. I think, general, from a communication I have just read from you to General Loring about my skirmishers, that you are laboring under a great misapprehension. I understand your skirmishers are in your intrenchments; mine are 250 yards in front of mine.

W. H. T. WALKER,Major-General.

