HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Reed's House, Ga., May 8, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that by last advices General Geary is not yet in full possession of Mill Gap. His dispatches are yet imperfect. He was resisted, and has lost, I am informed, about 50 in killed and wounded. When last heard from the he was making disposition to turn the enemy defending it. He went out with instructions not to make a fight unless to our advantage, from which I concluded that whatever the result be we have realized and equivalent. Ireland was ordered to join him by the direct route from Villanow, and has done so. Kilpatrick has returned and is encamped near here, having satisfactorily executed his instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Mrs. Reed's House, May 8, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The dispatch directing that the reconnaissance be pushed in front of Buzzard Roost was delivered to me at 6.40, shortly after I had left the field with the opinion that nothing further could be accomplished at that point from the lateness of the hour. Before the troops could have made any decisive development no benefit would have resulted from the darkness. From the character of the enemy's position at Buzzard Roost it appears to me that any reconnaissance, to be satisfactory, should be made under the most favorable circumstances. I speak from a close personal inspection of the enemy's defenses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 8, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Division Cavalry, near Smith's House, Ga.:

GENERAL: You will unite your two brigades. Cover General Schofield's left until General Stoneman joins General Schofiedl. Receive and obey any instructions the latter may give you. These instructions were given by the major-general commanding the department in the presence of General Howard.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Staff.

KIRKPATRICK'S HOUSE, May 8, 1864.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

You can make a demonstration toward Dalton when you receive this, in order to attract the attention of the enemy and develop their

