
force near the blacksmith's shop on the road to Shaw's. Their line runs parallel with mine and Ferguson's, but their right does not extend more than 200 or 300 yards west of this road. My skirmishers were directed to halt as soon as the works or reserves of the enemy were visible. When my line halted the enemy charged, but were repulsed. My line remains midway between the lines. Scouts found Federal cavalry on the right and in front of General Armstrong's picket (about forty or fifty cavalry), also infantry vedettes on all the small trains and roads running west from this road.

Did you receive my application to rest my command a short time, if compatible with the good of our cause?

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., June 27, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The right of Schofield's corps rests near the road leading from Shaw's to my position of this evening. They are chopping busily. My scouts are and have been on their flank and in rear. A general officer has headquarters where mine were last night (the first house this side of Shaw's). The cavalry are in front of General Armstrong and but a small squad this side the creek (in front of Shaw's). I have left my skirmish line on Ferguson's left and dropped back to Sandtown road to unsaddle my horses and if possible to rest to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

TALLADEGA, June 27, 1864-8 a.m.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Commanding, &c., Meridian, Miss.:

Official news of General Pillow's repulse received; supposed loss about 100 men; Majors Lewis and Redwood killed. General Pillow will be at Blue Mountain to-day; he brings off some prisoners, estimated about 80.

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding Post.

MERIDIAN, MISS., June 27, 1864.

(Via Mobile. Received Marietta, Ga., 28th.)

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

General Pillow has returned to Blue Mountain. He fought the enemy at La Fayette, capturing 100 prisoners and considerable property. He could not dislodge the enemy from the court-house before re-enforcements arrived, when he deemed it prudent to withdraw. He was much impeded by high water.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

51 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

