HEADQUARTERS, June 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Richmond:

I have received your dispatch inquiring why three regiments had not been sent to Savannah in exchange for those of Mercer's brigade. They have not been sent because before Mercer's brigade joined we were engaged with an enemy more than double our number, and ever since have been in his immediate presence. I considered the fact that the Government re-enforced us from the coast afterward proof that my course was right. The three regiments shall be sent as soon as it can be done without danger to our position. They are now, like all this army, within rifle-shot of the enemy.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, June 28, 1864.

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: It will afford me pleasure to give you any assistance in my power. It is impossible, so my artillerist tells me, to see the enemy's line in the woods. Will you please send some reliable officer to my Napoleon battery, on my line nearest to you, to point it out after you are satisfied of the position of the enemy, so that I can know where to fire. I lost over 100 or my skirmishers yesterday; they were flanked and attacked by a line of battle. They were butted and bayoneted from the pits.

Very respectfully,

W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 28, 1864-12.35 [a.m.]

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Loring desires me to say in reply to your note of 11 o'clock to-night, that for the same reasons as you urge he is prevented from drawing any force from Major-General Walthall's line; and that it is not in his power to furnish any aid to your line. An application was made to General Johnston for an additional force but without success. General Loring desires that you will hold your reserves to strengthen your line where it may be weakened, and, by increasing the works and forming abatis, with vigilance a large force can be kept back in spite of the absence of artillery.

I am, general, with much respect,

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COURTLAND, ALA., June 28, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

DEAR SIR: I have written a letter to my friend General Forrest, and it occurs to me that under the circumstances there is an evident propriety in my sending you a copy of it; you will find it herein. When your friend, Major Thomas Jones, was here, at the time you marched across to Tuscaloosa, he consulted with me in regard to many points connected

