
[Inclosure.]

ROCKY HILL, June 28, 1864.

Major-General FORREST:

DEAR SIR: On yesterday Brigadier-General Roddey left this part of the valley to join you with his forces, to meet an expedition which is said to be coming from Memphis. His troops have been moving westward for some days, and I understand that a very inconsiderable force is to be left behind to restrain the enemy here. I am strongly impressed with the idea that the movement from Memphis is not designed to attack you, but to prevent your marching across the Tennessee River in Sherman's rear, or else to re-enforce Sherman. The garrison at Decatur have exhibited uncommon activity for several days past, driving in our pickets on all the roads, and bringing on some earnest skirmishes. The north bank of the Tennessee has never been picketed so carefully by the enemy as for several days past, and every mile-I understand from scouts-is patrolled actively, up and down for a great distance. Captain Montague, Colonel Nixon's commissary, informs me that the scouts returning yesterday morning report that the Federals are every day looking for you to cross, somewhere between Decatur and Florence; they show themselves everywhere, and fire at everything across the river. Day before yesterday they amused themselves by practicing at a fine cow of mine, and struck her with three balls. All this bustle shows that they are making a demonstration, and I suspect the movement from Memphis is part of the performance. But from your position and facilities you will shortly learn their objects definitely. In the mean time permit an old friend and comrade to advise you not to strip the valley so clean of troops as to enable the enemy to seize your boats and destroy them, and occupy the most favorable fords for your march into Tennessee, and destroy the "crops" here so important, from their location, for the sustenance of your right wing, in an advanced position. The corn on the prairies cannot be depended on with certainty for this purpose, for the railroad is too assailable for miles below and above Bear Creek, and ere long the enemy will learn what a great military mistake they have committed by abandoning it.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., June 28, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I can see the enemy's works and considerable force behind them, a battery behind earth-works, at the blacksmith shop on the road to Shaw's house. They are throwing up dirt and busily engaged improving their works. These works, which I can see so plainly, are in front of General Ferguson's left, and the right of my line.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

In the Field, June 28, 1864.

Agreeably to instructions from the general commanding, division commanders will have redoubts erected along their lines. They will be

