
constructed under the supervision of Captain Coleman, corps engineer, who will be furnished with any details or assistance he may call for. It is desired that this work be commenced at once.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, June 29, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I return you the dispatch of Governor Brown. Every available man, subject to my control, has been sent to General Johnston, and he has retained several commands deemed absolutely necessary elsewhere, after receiving orders to move them. No doubt he is outnumbered by the enemy, as we are everywhere, but the disparity is much less than it has ever been between those two armies. Morgan is not available for any service, being beyond our lines and not within communication. General Lee in Mississippi, where Forrest is serving, is in proportion to the enemy confronting him much weaker than General Johnston, and needs his troops now with Johnston more than the latter can need Forrest.

General Johnston's last return, 10th of June, shows 45,282 infantry, 12,231 cavalry, 4,259 artillery; total, 61,772 effectives. The rolls show eleven brigades of cavalry, aggregate 27,390, though with only 12,231 effective total. General Johnston's return shows an aggregate, present and absent, 137,931. Besides the army in the field General Johnston has at Atlanta a supporting force of reserves and militia, estimated at from 7,000 to 10,000 effective men. I see no way in which he can be re-enforced, and he has been informed so several times. Certainly not from Mississippi, where it would be more proper to return a part of what he has received than to remove more.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

P. S.-From the above estimate I accidentally omitted two additional regiments of Georgia cavalry recently ordered to General Johnston, one of which has already joined him and the other en route, making jointly 1,500 effectives. These have not yet been taken up on the return.

B. B.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. B. HOOD,Commanding Hood's Corps:

GENERAL: General Johnston has consented that your proposed expedition be made, provided a sufficient force can be left to protect General Smith's right. In order to carry out my part of the expedition it will be necessary for General Humes' command to be relieved. Can you so dispose General Jackson's command and you own as to occupy that part of the line now held by General Humes? Please answer me as speedily as possible, as much will depend upon having General Humes' command with me.

With great respect, your obedient servant and friend,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

