HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, May 8 1864-12 noon.

General SCHOFIELD:

When you get to the summit make a lodgment, and feel along the ridge southward till you can see down into the Buzzard Roost Gap. Being now in communication with Howard's troops you can easily be re-enforced. I doubt the strength of the enemy in Dalton, else they would not permit this movement. Develop the truth, for if Johnson is moving south we should be on his heels all the time.

SHERMAN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Rocky Point, May 8, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

On my arrival at the gap at the end of Rocky Face Ridge I found that Harker's brigade, of General Newton's division, had proceeded me. He had occupied the gap with one brigade of Judah's division and occupied another gap immediately northeast of the first with Judah's other brigade. I found it necessary to bring forward Hovey's division immediately to the left and rear of Judah to make me sufficiently strong. Cox remains in front of Lee's toward Varnell's. From Rocky Point the ridge breaks off toward the northeast for about half a mile, and then curves toward the north. I occupy this covered ridge or ridge in my front along the foot of which runs the main road from Varnell's to Dalton. From this ridge I got a good view of the enemy's defenses on the ridge in rear of Rocky Face, and about five or six miles this side of Dalton. They are strongly occupied by infantry. There is no infantry in the valley in my front. I have no information which will justify my advancing toward Dalton, and hence await your instructions or further infirmation. I sent Captain Engle of my staff to report to you soon after I reached this position. He has not yet returned.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, May 8, 1864-3.50 p.m .

Major-General SHERMAN:

Captain Engle has just returned with your dispatch of 12 m., directing me to make a lodgment on the summit, and push on down to Buzzard Roost. My troops are now moving accordingly. I did not make this move before because General Harker had preceded me. I asked him to inform me if he wanted held, but have not been asked for any. He is about a mile and a half down the ridge, and with but a small force in his front.

Respectfully,J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

