HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, May 8, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

If you are satisfied that the enemy is in Dalton in force you may take up a position as strong as possible, covering the road to Varnell's and Dalton, and connect with Newton. I am surprised the enemy does not use artillery to any of our approaching parties. The absence of artillery surprises me. Are you certain his works are occupied in force? That is the point I want to develop. McPherson was passing Villanow at 2 p. m. to-day. Use every bit of daylight to study the ground, and report to me with sketch and letter at dark.

Yours, &amp;c.,W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Rocky Point, May 8, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Tunnel Hill:

I have spent most of the day until dark in studying the ground east of Rocky Face, and understand it pretty well. If Newton holds this gap at the end of Rocky Face, where Judah's left brigade now is, I can take a strong position running about east northeast from this point and covering the roads from Lee's and Varnell's to Dalton and connect with Newton. How much my left would be exposed I cannot say, as I have not yet been able to see beyond the range of hills to the east of the Varnell's and Dalton road. I think there would be little risked in taking the position, even if it should not be afterward deemed advisable to maintain it or to advance. I am not able to say whether the enemy is in force at Dalton. The defense I saw were only those on the north point of the high ridge east of Rock Face. The general line of defense is not visible from any point I have reached to-day. One thousand men would be a strong garrison for the works I saw. I sent General Judah this afternoon with one his brigades up to General Harker's position near the rebel signal station, Harker being in front and awaiting orders relative to attacking. Judah did not attack. He think he can carry the signal station in the night without very much loss. From the descriptions give me by General Newton and my staff officers, who have been on the ridge, it seems impossible to take that position by daylight. The chances of success at night would be better. After varying that point it would take a long time to reach the immediately vicinity of Buzzard Roost. If the possession of the signal station is in itself of great importance, it may be worth the risk of an attempt to take it. If only as a means of reaching Buzzard Roost, I judge not. If, under the circumstances, you desire the attempt made to carry the signal station to-night, please inform me in time so that I may send orders to General Judah before daylight.

I send a sketch* of the country I have seen to-day. It is not very accurate because the topographers have not had time to plot their works. The valleys leading north and south are open fields, while the ridges are steep, stony, and wooded. I have indicated, approximately, my

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

