
proposed position for to-morrow, also that which I now occupy. The ground to the front and left of Hovey is quiet open, so that his left needs strengthening. I will move one of Cox's brigades down on Hovey's left at daylight in the morning unless you direct me to assume the new position, or give me other orders.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MAY 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I indicate on the sketch a second position in advance of that referred to in my report. It is shorter than the first, but not otherwise so strong. It is shorter than the first, but not otherwise so strong. It i the second position I would naturally take in advancing on Dalton. It passes through the point from which I to-day observed the rebel works.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOEFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel, May 8, 1864-12 midnight.

General SCHOFIELD:

I am just in receipt of your valuable sketch and note. My direction for you to pass along the top of the ridge till you could took into Buzzard Roost was based on the idea that the top, like Lookout, was a kind of plateau, but, according to General Harker's report, it must be a perfect couteau, knife edge, a sharp ridge. To-morrow you keep up communication with that force, tying to it strong, and let your left move up, not too much, but enough for a charge and keep up the idea of an advance. Keep skirmishers out, with orders to act with boldness, but not rashness, to feel the enemy's position from your direction. If possible, at the earliest possible moment get a look into the enemy's lines and act on the knowledge of the state of facts to your front and rear. McPherson passed Villanow at 2 p. m. for Snake Creek Gap, which he is ordered to secure good and operate from it on the enemy's line and rear . We must not let Johnson amuse us here by a small force whilst he turns on McPherson. Therefore I want the earliest possible information form all points what Johnston does when he finds not a mere detachment, but a large, strong army within five miles of Resaca, covered against him by the very mountains he chose to cover himself. Hooker can go to McPherson's rear in about eight miles, his right by two and a half to three below Trickum; therefore keep touched to the right, your lines on strong ground but your vedettes out as boldly as possible for knowledge. All of McCook's cavalry will be on your left, and the effect of Stoneman's coming up will soon be felt.

Yours,W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

