
MAY 8, 1864.

Colonel J. W. REILLY,

Commanding First Brigade:

Since I saw you the commanding general orders that the One hundredth Ohio go forward through the hilly gap before you till it comes near the opening looking down into Varnell's Station, where the Ellidge Mill road turns off to left, unless they came upon a cross-road sooner after passing the Kincanoon road, where they were last night. In this last case they will take position at such first cross-road. Our cavalry occupy Varnell's. The One hundredth should have out skirmishers, especially to the right, so as to prevent possibility of surprise.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Villanow, Ga., May 8, 1864-2 p .m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Sweeny's division, of Dodge's command, has passed here for Snake Creek Gap, which I hope to have possession of this evening. Veatch is closed up on Sweeny; but divisions came through Ship's Gap road. Osterhaus' division is here, having come through Gordon's

Gap; the remained of Logan's command, is following as rapidly as possible. No news from Gerrard yet. Unless he comes up soon, I am a little apprehensive about the safety of our trains remaining back to [at?] Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP ON CHICKAMAUGA RIVER, Davis' Cross-Roads, May 8, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: We arrived here about 5 p. m., and the general [Garrard] proposes stopping here for the night and then going through Catlett's Gap to-morrow, and assuming position somewhere on the La Fayette and Rock Spring road. I will go with a regiment to La Fayette to-morrow ealry, and make a reconnaissance, returning toward Rock Spring, and thence to you. The general hesitates going to La Fayette, fearing he may not be able to cope with a large force, and get to McPherson safe. We cannot learn that a solitary being is in or this side of La Fayette. General G[arrard] desires me to add that he has only three days' rations for the men, and is out of forage to-night, and that the grass is not high enough to subsist his horses without grain.

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Write to General Garrard at all events to keep up with infantry; tell him there is not and has not been an enemy at La Fayette; it has been patrolled by 400 men; for him to hurry to McPherson.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

