
the division in rear closes up on it. Brigadier-General Veath's division will march at 5 o'clock precisely. Major-General Logan's command will follow immediately after General Dodge's command through the gap, the object being to make a bold and rapid movement on the enemy's flank or lines of communication. All wagons and baggage of every description will be left behind, except ambulances and ammunition wagons enough to make sixty rounds per man in addition to what they have in cartridge-boxes.

The wagons left behind will properly parked near the entrance of the gap, and a brigade of infantry from Major-General Logan's command, one brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery from Brigadier-General Dodge's command, will be left as guard for the train. Special pains must be taken to keep the road through the gap open for the passage of troops. The men will have provisions for three days issued to them to-night if they can be procured; if not, make things go as far as possible. The battery belonging to Brigadier-General Dodge's command with came up to-night with horses much fatigued is the one to be left.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, SNAKE CREEK GAP, GA., Numbers 3. May 8, 1864.

1. The command, excepting one brigade of Brigadier-General harrow's command, will be under arms at this place ready to follow Brigadier-General Dodge's command through Snake Creek Gap to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock precisely, and for that purpose Generals M. L. Smith and Harrow will start from their present encampment in time sufficient to reach this point at the time specified. The object being to make a bold and rapid movement on the enemy's flank or line of communication, all wagons and baggage of every description will be left behind, except ambulances, which is construed to include medicine wagons, ammunition-wagons enough to make sixty rounds per man, in addition to what they have in cartridge-boxes, and wagons to carry just sufficient forage for three days. The wagons left behind will be parked near the west entrance to the gap, where they will be guarded by the troops left behind, which will be one brigade of infantry and one battery of artillery from General Dodge's command and one brigade from General Harrow's command. The commanding officer left behind must be particularly instructed to keep the gap open for the passage of troops. The men will have provisions enough to last for three days in haversacks.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 116. Cairo, Ill., May 8, 1864.

* * * *

II. Commanding officers of divisions will have the remaining regiments, batteries of their commands in readiness to embark at a moment's notice. The batteries will commence embarking

