
to-day in such order as the chief of artillery may designate. The corps supply train in charge of Lieutenant Smith will be in readiness to commence embarking to-day. Rations and forage for five days will be taken by each regiment and battery. Ten day's subsistence will be provided and taken and taken by division commissaries or quartermasters. Lieutenant I. P. Smith, assigned in charge of corps train, will in like manner provide and take forage for his train.

* * * *

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair, jr.:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUNNEL HILL STATION, GA., May 9, 1864. (Received 12.35 a. m. 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Just received your dispatch, and shall announce it at once.* We are fighting for possession of Rocky Face Ridge, and I have knowledge that General McPherson took the Snake Creek Gap, and was within seven miles of Resaca this morning.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

TUNNEL HILL, GA., May 9, 1864-8 p. m. (Received 10 a. m. 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have been fighting all day against precipices and mountain gaps to keep Johnston's army busy while McPherson's could march to Resaca to destroy the railroad behind him. I heard from McPherson up to 2 p. m., when he was within one mile and a half of the railroad. After breaking the road good his orders are to retire to the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, and be ready to work on Johnston's flank in case he retreats south. I will pitch in again early in the morning. Fighting has been mostly skirmishing and casualties small. McPherson has the Army of the Tennessee (23,000), and only encountered cavalry, so that Johnston did not measure his strength at all.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 9, 1864-8 p.m.

General WEBSTER,Nashville, Tenn.:

Make no order about bank bills. It would only complicate the matter. The value of money cannot be regulated by law . It is commer-

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 2, p. 110.

---------------

