
cial thing. Have been fighting all day against rocks and defiles. McPherson was at 2 p. m. within two miles of Resaca, and will there break the railroad and leave Johnston our of rations. To-morrow will tell the story.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 9, 1864-6 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say to you that he has no instructions for to-day other than those agreed upon last night, except for you to cause to be extended signals to General McPherson, and to improve all possible means of watching the effect on the enemy of his (General McPherson's) movement through Snake Creek Gap. Order Hooker to keep his columns all ready to move at a moment's notice. Send Kilpatrick to operate down between Villanow and Snake Creek Gap till Garrard is up, which will surely be to-day.

I am, general, with great regard, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, May 9, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: General Howard is pressing around the point of Rocky Face Ridge; he finds masses of infantry both in his front and in works on his left and front; so far he has driven their skirmishers slowly. General Carlin reports that it is almost impossible for him to advance on account of the difficulties of the ground, it being intersected by deep ravines, and also on account of a battery on the point of Rocky Face Ridge, which enfilades his entire line.

Very respectfully,GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 9, 1864-sundown.

General THOMAS:

Note received. Give orders that will put one corps directly in the gap (Buzzard Roost), with a reserve on this Tunnel Hill, one corps to the left and one to the right. Let Hooker mass his troops a little nearer than Trickum, say three miles, the two divisions (one detached), and we will talk the matter over to-night. Hold fast all ground you have gained. Have the road built to-night and artillery in position as against the gap. I think Brigadier-General Harker has advanced somewhat.

SHERMAN.

