HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Tunnel Hill, Ga., May 9, 1864.

Major General J. HOOKER,Commanding 20th A. C., Army of the Cumberland, Anderson's House:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has given orders to extend signals through to General McPherson. He directs that you keep your command all ready to move at a moment's notice. The major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi desires you to re-enforce McPherson if it becomes necessary. General Kilpatrick's will be ordered to operate between Villanow and Snake Creek Gap until Gerrard is up, which will surely be during the day. You will improve all possible means of watching the effect on the enemy of McPherson's movement.

Your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Butterfield's division will not be drawn off, but unless other orders are given the troops will remain in their present positions, but be held in readiness to re-enforce McPherson if it becomes necessary; Butterfield continuing to execute the orders sent last night for this morning's operations until drawn off.

W. D. W.

MAY 9, 1864.

Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have an officer now at the front who will look especially for communication with General McPherson's signal officer. My own party are all now doing duty, but I hope to find that McPherson's signal corps are on the lookout for communication. Will let you know when a line is formed.

Respectfully,

W. E. SHERIDAN,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Mill Creek, Ga., May 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the First and Second Brigades and the two batteries of my command marched, at 11.15 a. m. yesterday, pursuant to orders, from Thornton's farm, on the Rome road, to this point. The Third Brigade had been detailed to support General Kilpatrick's cavalry in a movement toward Villanow. My lines were advanced from the base of Rocky Face Ridge, up the precipitous mountain side, at 3 o'clock, and found the enemy in force, afterward re-enforced, posted behind breast-works on the summit, to the right and left near the enemy's lines, and during the action made five assaults, portions of the line gaining the second ridge four times, but were forced back by superiority of numbers, several of the men being thrown over the precipice. The gap was protected by abatis some distance down the sides of the mountain. The enemy could not be flanked in this vicinity,

