
owing to the ridge being protected by high perpendicular palisades, and my force was too small to detach a portion to attempt a flank movement at a distance. In the evening I learned that General McPherson had deeming further efforts involving loss of life unnecessary, at 8 o'clock, after five hours' fighting, I retired my command slowly and in good order, under protection of a picket-line, and a warm fire from one of my batteries preventing the enemy from following. We encamped below, out of range of artillery.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Mill Creek, Ga., May 9, 1864,.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have nothing of interest to report concerning the enemy excepting they are felling trees on the ridge, and otherwise fortifying the gap, and they are moving troops along the ridge southward to their left.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN W. GEARY,Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you keep a sharp lookout to-night, as the enemy's communications have been cut at Resaca by General McPherson. An effort may be made to force a passage of the mountain in your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL; The major-general commanding directs that you hold yourself in readiness to comply with the following dispatch just received from department headquarters:

General Howard's and General Palmer's skirmishers will be advanced early to-morrow morning, 9th instant. The major-general commanding desires that your order Butterfield's skirmishers to co-operate with General Palmer's as the latter sweep along the side of the ridge, by advancing over the ground which lies directly in front of them.

Very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

R. H. HALL,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

