
mand have returned from points eight and ten miles down the valley this side the ridge in direction of Rome, and find no traces of the enemy. A large train of wagons belonging to General McPherson's command have just arrived from Ship's Gap and gone into park just at the entrance of Snake Creek Gap; they are guarded by a brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery. General Garrard is still at La Fayette. My command is in good condition, fully supplied with rations, forage, and ammunition, and is ready and anxious for an order to strike the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]

Read and respectfully forwarded by request of General Kilpatrick.

J. HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Rocky Point, Ga., May 9, 1864-8 a. m.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: A deserter, Private A. J. Brewster, Twentieth Alabama, came into General Harker's lines this morning. He reports General Pettus' and General Brown's brigades, about eight regiments each, on the ridge and directly in General Harker's front. Loring's, Walker's, and Cheatham's divisions are stationed along down the slope and foot of the ridge toward Dalton. Rifle-pits run along the hill into the valley. Loring's division just came up from near Mobile. Hardee is there, Stovall's and Clayton's brigades at Buzzard Roost. I have just been consulting with General Newton. His whole division (or as much of it as can be used) is to occupy the ridge and works toward Buzzard Roost, while I will connect strongly with his left, keeping my left retired and strongly re-enforced.

Respectfully,J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

P. S.-A report from Harker just received. The enemy is falling back and Harker advancing. His artillery has so far been effectual in silencing their infantry.

J. M. S.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Tunnel Hill, May 9, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I have notified General Newton to watch the gap on the road from Tunnel Hill to Varnell's. Dispose your troops to prevent a movement around your flank. Cause the facts to be looked closely to as we must not be diverted by appearances. If necessary close your line up to Newton and throw back one or more divisions in the direction of the threatened danger.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.

7 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT IV

