
troops (General Newton), one division refused, and the third division in column behind so as to form a strong flank. I don't care about your pressing the enemy's works yet. Let the enemy maneuver to give your flank notice of danger. Stoneman should be hurried forward by all the means in your power, and the force at Red Clay should be strengthened or fall back on Cleveland. McPherson, at noon, was one mile and a half this side of Resaca. He had encountered only one brigade of cavalry, which shows up to that hour Johnston had no idea of that movement. To-morrow he will attack us or retreat. Watch all movements closely and risk your command but little.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, May 9, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,Tunnel Hill:

My line has advanced steadily during the day, with heavy skirmishing much of the time. The first ridge east of Rocky Face is covered by several strong barricades of timber and stones. These were all taken by my skirmishers with slight loss. The enemy now occupies a strong line of rifle-pits, running from where his advance now is, on the crest of Rocky Face, across the valley to a hill beyond, which is quite strongly fortified. I intended to attack this line at the foot of the slope of Rocky Face, but General Newton's division on the slope was unable to advance sufficiently to protect my flank. I therefore made simply a strong demonstration along the whole line to satisfy myself of the force of the enemy. I have developed a force about equal to my own; I think not much larger. The enemy occupied a high isolated about the foot of that hill in the timber. He has several times assailed my left, but without success. Four regiments of Hovey's division, which I sent to support McCook, occupy to-night the gorge leading east from my position of yesterday. Two regiments of Judah's division still occupy the position of last night.

If the enemy mass any large force on my left my position will be quite insecure; but, believing his force not much superior to mine, I have the contrary from you. McCook reports that his cavalry brigade, on the Cleveland and Dalton road, ran into a rebel work and was, of course, badly cut up. He says is was followed a short distance by two brigades of infantry and one of cavalry, with artillery.

I send a sketch* showing my position and that of the enemy so far as I know it. I have not been able to discover the connection between Potato Hill and the battery in my front. The country is extremely rough, rocky, and covered with thickets, except in the cultivated portions of the valleys.

My troops have behaved very satisfactorily. Casualties, about 60 killed and wounded.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

