1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
chines, after the expiration of the patent, is as :
clear and ns conclusive as my title to any prop- :
erty which 1 may own. If an individual has in- ,
vested bis capital in the manufacture of machines
in which he had a right to engage, it is a lawft 1 *
business; his capital is employed in it; and I '
know of no authority by which you can close up
his manufactory, and deprive him of the right of
making an article which it was his privilege to j
make according to law.
My objection is not particularly to Mr. Mc-
Cormick. He is a gentleman for whom I have
the highest respect. I think he has rendered a
great service to the country by his invention. I
think he has reflected great credit on his country, ,
not only at home but abroad. I would do any ,
thing that I could do properly to serve Mr. Mc- 1
Cormick, as he hus served his country; but his
patent having expired, and the right to manufac- 1
ture and use the machine having been vested in
the public, I Know of no authority to divest that
right and put it back in him to the exclusion of
the rest of the world. _ _ ,
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Illinois will ;
allow mo to interrupt him. 11 seems to me he is j
proceeding to anrue the case under a misconcep- i
tion of the law, and somewhat of the facts. It is ,!
true that the first term of fourteen years has ex- i!
pired; but then, on showing merits before the
patent board, he was entitled under the law to a
further extension of seven years without any
action of Congress at all. What he complains ■
of is, that that board did not treat his cose upon [
its merits for the seven years' extension; but that
his testimony being informally taken, according .
to the statement of Air. Burke, the commissioner, '
was ruled out, and his application was therefore
denied. If the board had' treated his case on its :
merits in 1848,and refused a sev-n years' exten-
sion. I should be, like my friend from "Illinois,
tmwilhn^ to step m and give him further assist-
ance. Bin the whole case stands on the single !
point whether the application was tried before the |
board on its merits for the seven years'extension 1
in addition to the fourteen years which he had, ;
and to which he wns entitled under the law, if the
bourd would award it on its merits. The point
is, whether he had his case tried on the merits of ;
the seven years' extension, or whether the case !
went off on a technicality as to the character of
the evidence. i
Mr. DOUULAS. I am not able to revise here
the re'ru!anty of the proceedings of the tribunal i
which" was charged with the decision of this
Question. It is enough to control my vote that,
l5v the tribuna's of the country, a decision was
rendered against him; and on thai decision being ,
rendered, and on the expiration of his patent, the 1
rcrht vested in the public. My point is, that if
-uj\j rirrht had vested in the public, 1 know of no .
authority to divest it. My vote on this and on '
oiht r questions of this kniu, as long as I remain ;
of tin1 present opinion, must be governed by that
cne principle. "No matter hovr great The hard- ,
ship, no matter how high the merits. I do not see ;
my v. ay clear to divest the public of using the ;
machine and manufacturing it. after it is once j
vested in the public under the Constitution of the
country.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. A word on the last point,
or the only point, suggested by the honorable ■
Senator from Illinois. He is undoubtedly aware
that renewals of patents tor fourteen years after
they have expired, fur a iurther term, have b'-en
repeatedly sustained by th^ Supreme Court, of
the United States. So far, then- as the Senater
presents a constitutional question, U has been set-
tled l>v the proper tribunal m repeated instances.
I would instance the ease of the YVoodworth
planing machine, and there are several others. It
has never been considered that the expiration ot
a patent, granted for the term of fourteen year*,
has concluded the matter, so thai Congress could
not fjraiu a further extension, it ii saw fit to
do so.
Although Tam in favorof the bill, and shall vote
for if, I shall not du lor tuc na.^ons gnan by
the committee, oi be the Senator from Mist'is-
siin11 who iepoi ted the bih. I am not con\inced
that the decision of tin- board of commissioners
wa^ pird.wt.'d at all on the informality suggested.
although it is so stated by the then Lommissioner
of Fetents. I made a report, myself, from the
Committee on Patents, at the last Congress, ac-
companied by a bill. It was with great difficulty,
however, that the committee at that time agreed
to the bill; and they only consented to a bill which
might eventually grant to Mr. McCormick an
extension from the time when the bill was re-
ported, to some period m the next spring, which
would have been seven years from tne day when
his fourteen years' patent expired.
The committee agreed that the bill should be
brought in for the sake of enabling Mr. McCor-
mick, if he saw fit, to have it amended, if he had
strength enough in the Senate, so as to give him
seven years from the passage of the bill itself.
The committee would not agree, at that time, to
report a bill even to allow the commissioner to
grant him an extension such as he demanded,
and such only as would have been beneficial to
him; but simply consented to report a bill pro-
viding for a few months' extension, in order that
he might, as I befoie reniaiked, try his strength
in the Senate, and see if he could get anything b
more. I did not agree to that: but reported the ij
bill under the direction of the committee. I read !;
all the papers from the beginning to the end, ||
including the testimony taken in the case, and
the decision of the board upon it. Time was jj
granted to McCormick to amend the defects of j:
his testimony, if I rightly remember, and to have ■
a full hearing before the board. The difficulty
in my mind was, that they placed the matter, as
I conceived, entirely on an immaterial issue.
They did not consider the true issue which was
before them, and winch alone they were author-
ized to consider.
Air. McCormick had had his fourteen years'
patent. When he first applied for an extension,
his testimony was somewhat informal. An ex-
tension of time was granted to him, and he took
his testimony again; but he was directed by the
board to take it on the point, whether his inven-
tion or Hussey's was prior in date. On that
point his testimony was taken. That, manifestly,
was the only point considered. The board went
into the consideration of that fact alone, whether
Hussey's or MeCormiek's invention was priorin
date. "It appears clearly from the papers that,
although that was the question, and the only que-
stion, which they considered, and was that on
which thev directed testimony to be taken, there
was, m fact, no contest between Ilussey and Mc-
Cormick as to priority. The machines were dif-
ferent ones, tiussey himself testified that they
were entirely different. The cutters were unlike,
and thu arrangement was different. Husseytes
| tified that they did not necessarily interfeie with
j each other, as I have before stated. _ It seemed
I to me, then, that instead of considering the real
j merits of the question—the propriety of the ex-
| tension itself as applicable to McCormick—the
j board had £one ofl on a collateral issue w Inch did
I not exist in the case, and decided it apparently on
! the merits, but really on a question which they [
i oughtnottohaveconsideredatall. Consequently, ;
j I considered—and a majority, I think, if not all, ^
- of the committee were of the smne opinion, on
examining the papers—that, in fact, tnougu he
had a trial formal in all particulars, he never had ■
the real Question considered by tne board. i
I think that will appear by the papers bnfore j
the committee; and my ieport, at the lost Con- 1
gross, was predicated on that view. It seemed to
me, therefore, that the tiue ground on which Mc- ;
Cormick was entitled to a renewal, for seven y-*ars :
not Ihtvinc been considered, he was entitled to |
have the cast' taken up cfc •novo by the commis-
sioner, the proper person, and have tlie true ques- ,
tion examined and decided. That was my opinion j
at the time. It was the opinion of the rest of the ;
committee; and under that opinion they agreed ■
that I should report a bill, although the bill which |
they consented to was not one winch would have1
been beneficial to Mr. McCormick at ail, unless ,
amended by the Senate, and placed in a difierent
position. , . ;
There is one thins;, howev< r.whienl feel bound '
to surest in refeic-nce to tins matter ^ .-vlthougu
I considej, as a question of abstract ngnt under _
the law, that Mr. McCormick is entitled to ha\e :
this question considered by the Commissioner, 1
have in ver been able to understand why he desires _
this renewal. The renewal which he a.^ks for, of '
seven years, is tor a machine that never was of,
the slightest value m the world. He invented a ,
machine. It is agieed r-ven by those who mon ■
oppose the renewal that the original idea to a
certain extent was McCormick that is, of ap-
plying the sickle edge, as it was called, in combi-
nation with certain machinery to form the imple-
ment which he has since perfected. He had that
patent for several years, but such were the defects
of the machine itself that he could never do any-
thing with it. Subsequently, he obtained another
patent for an improvement in that machine, and
some three or four years afterwards he obtained,
a further patent for another improvement. These
two patents are still in existence. They made
his machine valuable, and what it is now. They
have not yet expired. I cannot tell exactly when
they will expire, but they are not yet out. "These
improvements, and these alone, arc what gave
value to the machineand made it operative. With •
out them it confessedly was good for nothihg.
Notwithstanding that, Mr. McCormick comes
here with great anxiety to get a renewal of the
original machine, while he has the patents for the
improvements at the present time under which
he is operating, and has long been operating, with
great advantage and profit. I can sec no reason
why, under these circumstances, he should so
much desire a renewal of the original patent.
Mr. EVANS. He gets longer time.
Mr. FESSEiN'DEN. He would get longer time
for the original machine, but no longer time for
the improvements which give it value.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let me ask a
question. If Mr. McCormick gets an extension
of the original machine, which the Senator alleges
is of no account, does not that original machine
embrace an essential principle connected with all
machines of this kind?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly it does.
Mr. JOjNES, of Tennessee. Then, would it
not place it in his power to harass and annoy
every man on earth that availed himself of any
one principle embraced in that original machine?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a question which
the Senator can answer as well as myself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask your opin-
ion as a lawyer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply say that I have
never been able to comprehend what his view or
I design was. I do not impute any improper de-
' si<{n to any gentleman unless obliged to do so.
| What I was endeavoring to say was, that Mr.
i McCormick has now two patent? which are ex-
I ceedmgly valuable, which enable him to make a
1 great deal of money, and by means of which ha
, has become an exceedingly prosperous man. I
! think that in strict justice, according to the law—
' according to the design of the statute passed,Mr.
McCormick is entitled to have tins question pre-
' sentcd to the Commissioner, to be tried, whether
he shall have his seven years' additional, under
; existing- laws, because he never has had the issue
■ fairly tried, as I read the papers, and I have read
| them with great care. I think it is the only point,
; hut feM bound to add that, in my opinion, the
i original machine, the only one for which he asks
' an extension at this time, is of no value whatever,
standing by itself. Still, sir, as he is entitled, in
1 my judgment, under the existing laws, to the ex-
amination, and he asks for it, I do not think Con-
gress can, injustice, refuse to give him liberty to
go before the Commissioner end have the exam-
' ination made. It will do no harm, if the thing
' is useless in itself, I am not a mechanic, but,
on looking at it, I never coald conceive \vhr
niacin" the well-known article, a sickie-eilg'ed
cutter, in a certain position in machinery, should
entitle a man to the benefit of a patent for tha
cutter itself.
I have stated these fact-? simply because tha
im estimation which 1 made of the subject ;uthe
1 time to which. I have referred, tailed to satisfy
i me thatMr. McCormick had been precluded front
j anv benefit to which he was entitled by reason
! of Informality in the mode in which his testimony
! was taken. 'The real fact was, that he was pre-
: eluded from it by the circumstance, that ma atten-
tion and the attention of the board w.-re directed
I to an immaterial point, and tlie decision was upon
! that, immaterial point, instead of beins; on that.
: which should have been inveabated by the
I board, and which they were authorized by tlie
i sta'ute id investieut".
Mr. STUART. I do not intend to enter into
this debate further than to correct what [ consider
' io he a very gr"at misapprehension of the Sena-
