1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] When this
question was up two years ago, he stated to the
Senate the same objections, founded on the Con-
stitution of the United States, and stated them,
as I thought, with a great deal of effect on the
Senate. Indeed, a doubt thrown out just at the
proper moment in regard to the authority of Con-
gress over the subject, with gentlemen who have
not had an opportunity of investigating it, is well
calculated to produce a decided effect. Now, I
propose to show, in a very few minutes, that the
question has been decided, and decided seven or
eight times, by the -courts of the United States,
and in one instance, at least, by the Supreme
Court of the United States. I hold m my hand
a book entitled " Curtis on Patents," which is a
treatise on the whole law of patents; and on this
constitutional question it is said:
" The Constitution ofthc United States confers upon Con-
gress power' to promote the ptogie&s of science and useiul
arts bv secunui?, for limited tnnuss, to authors and invent-
ors the exclusive right to their respective vvimngs and dis-
coveries.' Tins power is general; there is no distinction
which limits it to catcs where the invention has not been
known or used by the public. Accordingly it is well settled,
that Congress may pass general or special laws in favor of
inventors; and tliey may leave a pameular inventor to the
protection afforded by a general law, or they may specially
exempt Ins case from the operation of a general law by ex-
tending ins exclusive light beyond the term fixed hy such
general law. This may be done after the invention has !
been in the possession of the public, as well as hefoie; for
when the exclusive privilege lias once been secured, tiie
grant does not imply an irrevocable coniiact with the pub-
lie, that, at the expiration of thy penod, the invention shall
become public propeity.
" Congress, theretore, has power to pass an act which will
operate retrospectively, to give a patent foi an invention
which is aheady m public use.''
In support of this proposition seven or eight
cases are eitod;and in JBlanehard vs. Spraguc, Mr. j!
Justice Story said: \\
Then it is sn<:ge'ted that the grant of the patent by the
act of Con?r''>< oi chapter M, h not constitutional; ''
for u operates rerio>.pcc:ively to g,ve a patent lor an mveti- \\
tion, winch, though uiaiie bv the patentee, wa-> in public '!
use, and enjoyed by the eommunuy at die time of the pas-
sage of the act. But u>h olnection js faitly put at lest by j'
the decision of the tfopu'nu' I'oui t m the rase oi the parent jl
of Oliver Evans, (Fvaih vs. Eaton, ri Wheat.. J.H.) 1'or ,j
myself. I never have entertained anv doubt of the consn- h
tuuonal authority ot Congiess to make such a grant. The 1:
povvei ft general to grant to inventors; and it ruMs in the ! [
sound discretion of Oonsrrc-*s to say when, and for what
length of time, and under what ^iieumstanecs, the patent
for an invention s-hali be granted/'
Now, sii, the Senate should not be misled by
a suggestion of constitutional authority which I
has been settled in wo ninny cases, and for so '
many years, and about which, 111 the profession, j
there is no disputu whatever, !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The fVnntorfrom j
Maine, with his usual ability, says he is in favor j
of passing tins bill, because he is sa'isfied that {
the bo u\l did not decide upon the real merits of!
the ea.se. i have no evidence of that, j have!
only the testimony they give themselves, and the ;
proceedings of the ia ai<i. [
Mr. KESSENDEN. Let mo suggest to (lie 1
Senator, (hat the sau-meut winch they make is j
perfectly true; but they made the merits of the
case to consist of the single question, whether
llussoy's or McCormick "s patent was first in
point of time. It so appears fiom the pan* rs.
Air. JONES, of Tennesson. That may have ,
been, and doubtless wa*, one of the points; but i
I take it for granted of course, fh.it, when called !
upon to adjudicate a question of this kind, the j
board would take all the facts of the ease mio
consideration, and all the requirements of the law.
Now, there are several considerations on which
patents may be extended. Win re the patentee,
from any unavoidable cause, not his own neglect,
has not recened what they may conc"i\e a fair,
and adequate, and reasonable reward for his im-
provement, he receives a renewal. That is one
of the raises of extension, and that is one of the
main causes. I apprehend that this board had
all thy questions undei consideration.
The Senator from Michigan has replied to the
Senator from Ilbiiois on tiie constitutional ques-
tion; 1 have nothing to do with that. IJut here
is a proposition to autnori/e the Commissioner
of Patents to extend Mr. McCormick's patent
for seven years. If we do that, what follows?
The next lull pending on the Calendar is for
what: To extend the patent of Moore 6c Hns-
call for seven years; and not content with that,
there is still another bill of the same sort. This
is but the precursor. If von pass MrCormickVi,
these must follow. If gentlemen are consistent,
you must pass Moore & Hascall's bill, which
is in the same words with this. Then here is
another, for the extension of the patent of Obed
Hussey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They depend on an en-
tirely different state of facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot tell; I
think the bills are precisely the same. There is
but this single difference between the three bills:
one undertakes, in the case of Hussey, by act of
Congress, to extend the patent; the others refer
the matter to the Commissioner of Patents. Pass
this bill, and what will be the result 011 the coun-
try ? Every patent now in existence for reap-
inc machines, of every kind, character, and
description, (because I believe these three bills
embrace them all, in their various forms and
qualifications,) is to be renewed for seven years;
and the agricultural interest of this country, which
has been legislated to death ever since you have
been a Government, is to be taxed half a million of
dollars a year for these three or four gentlemen.
Senators cannot cscape the fact. If you pass one
of these bills you must pass them all, and then
you will bo imposing a tax of $500,000 a year
upon the reapers of grain, who feed your starv-
ing millions, in order that Mr. McCormick, and
Mr. Hussey, and those other gentlemen, may be
made millionaires, when they have already en-
joyed the protection of the Government for four-
teen years.
Mr. BROWN. I have only a word to say in
replv to my friend from Tennessee. He puts
this'bill on the ground that it is injustice to the
planting interest of the country to pass it. I do
not think so. The planting interest of the coun-
try has consented, through its representatives in
Congress, to a law which gives to an inventor a
patent for fourteen years, and an extension of
seven years, if, upon a fair hearing of its merits,
the inventor is entitled to such an extension.
That is all McCormick asks in this case. Neither
the planting interest nor any other interest has a
right to complain that the legal rights of parties
are protected. My friend from Tennessee comes
i to tell us what a millionaire this man McCormick
! has become through his reaping machines and
; through his inventive genius. Sir, if he had
; taken half the pains which I have taken to inves-
! tigate the testimony in this case, he would have
! known that, after long years of toil 
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Allow me to
| remark that I did not say he had become a mil-
lionaire. 1 said he would become one, if you
' make him the recipient of these benefits for seven
: year^. He may already be one. I do not
( know,
i Mr. BROWN. Well, sir, after many years
' of toil and close examination, Mr. McCormick,
in IH.'U, brought forward his first machine, which
met such opposition that it could not be introduced
!; into practical use, if, indeed, it was a valuable
[\ invention, .illhough he had a patent for it. The
time ran out, and on account of that patent he
made JiN-mily no'hm^. In 1^4j he made an
improvement, for whieh he obtained a patent,
and at a later period another improvement, for
■ ; which he obtained another patent, and the three
combined together made the perfect machine
which so struck the admiration of the Old World
|i 011 the continent, and Great Britain—an admira-
h tmn which 1 pietcnd to say has not been lavished
on any American mechanic to the same extent
from the foundation of the Government to this
; hour.
J Now, if Mr. McCormick has made money at
I all, it was not certainly out of the patent which
!' he asks to have a chance to get extended. I wish
m the Senate, when it comes to a vote, to bear in
mind—and it is all I desire it to recollect m the
!. matter at all—simply that they are not colled
|: upon, as my friend from Tennessee would have
'} them believe, to extend a patent, but merely to
1; grant to this party the same Iesral rights "now to
■, which he was entitled m 1848. If he makes
" money out of it he is entitled to make money out
of it. What man of genius is not entitled to make
. money out of his genius? What lawyer is not
j' entitled to coin dollars out of his lirain ? What
professional man is not entitled to all the profit
^ which he can make out of his genius, his intellect,
, his learning, his hard study? As my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] suggests to me.
what would the farming interest do—that great
interest which my friend from Tennessee stands
here to protect to day—but for this invention?
But for McCormick *s invention they still would
have been using the ordinary little reaphook to
gather their large harvest; a-.d the grain, instead
of being gathered by the thousand bushels, would
be gathered, as in olden times, by the tens and
twenties. 1 think my friend from Tennessee
under-estimates the liberality of the planting in-
terest of this country, if he supposes that for so
great a benefit as this they are not willing to give
to the genius which brought it to their doors, a
fair and liberal reward—certainly all that the law
entitles him to.
Why, Mr. President, if it were not for parties
out of doors—parties without inventive genius—
parties without the genius to invent a mouse-trap
or a fly-killer, who are pirating on this great
machine of McCormick's — speaking through
their attorneys to the Senate, there would never
have been an hour's delay in granting all that
McCormick asks in the bill. I know, and state
here, in the face of the American Senate and the
world, that these men have beset me at every
corner of the streets with their papers and their
affidavits—men who have no claim to the ear of
the country—men who have rendered it no ser-
vice, but who have invested their paltry dollars in
the production of a manufacture which sprang
from the mind of another man, and now, for their
own gain, employ lawyers to draw cunning affi-
davits, to devise cunning schemes, and put on
foot all sorts of machinery to defeat this applica-
tion.
Sir, this applicant asks for nothing to which
the law did not entitle him in 1848. If he does,
you have confidence in your officers; and they
will deny it to him, because this bill does not give
him a single particle of advantage, in a legal point
of view, which he did not then have. If he was
then legally entitled to an extension of his patent,
give it now. If he was not then entitled, you
cannot give it under this bill.
I have stated all that this case calls on me to
say, except to read a short extract from a letter
written by Mr. Burke, two days ago, in reply to
the papers read by my friend from Ohio. Mr,
Burke says, in the letter dated at Washington,
July 9, 185f)s two days ago:
" it Mr. Gillot means to be understood that we all signed
the final decision of the board, it is coirect. But, 11 be
means to produce the impression that all the members of
the board concuried in that decision, he is m error.
"I was, from the beginning, in favor of the extension of
Mr. McCorm.ekS patent. 1 uniformly expressed that opin-
ion beioie the boa.d, and when the final vote wa> taken
I voted in favor of the extension. But when the dect-ion
wjh fotimliy drawn up, I signed it with the other members
of the boaid. merely as an authentication of the formal de-
cision of the board, not as concuri mu in it. If my recol-
lection now spivps me. it w.i-j the common praence for all
tiie mcmbeis to si^n the certificate of the decision of the
boaid, wneiher concumiigm it or not. I do not now re-
jnemheran instance Jo the contiary. Mr. G«J!cti-«thert"bie
mistaken,if he means to be understood that I was in f.ivor
of the rejection ot Mr. McCotmiek's application. 1 think
he \\ til remember, thru it \\<i  put unon me to examine tlio
tCi-timonv, and report to the boatd the fa^N p oved by it;
and that on tiie final hearing I had presmt a eijef in"mo-
randii'n ot the result*. or my examination of the evidence,
expre<>uar the conchi-ion that the patent -li'mld !>e ex-
tended. That paper, although not piop^ily b-'longmg to
.the files of thp Patent Office, may yet be found there. If
not. its existence can be proved by witnesses who-e* char-
acters cannoL be impeached in the slightest degree."
I read that in reply to the statement first read
by my friend from Ohio, and afterwards com-
mented on by the Senator from Tennessee,
namely, that Mr Gillethod stated, and the decis-
ion itself showed, that the board were unanimous
, in rendering the judgment which they did render.
! Mr. Burke says he signed the decision simply to
| give it authenticity, not concurring in the result
| at which the board came. He goes on further
to say that, if reasons had been ^ivcn why the
: judgment was discreet, he should have felt called
upon to assign counter reasons why the judgment
ought not to be so; but it being the practice of
the office for all the board to sign n decision, that
being a simple attestation of what the decision
was, he signed it pro forma This is all that paper
means. I now abandon this case, as far as 1 am
concerned, having, I am sure, bored the Senate
enough about it.
Mr. DICtGS. I voted, when this cmestion was
up before, for the rejection of this bill; but, at
the suggestion of the friends of Mr. McCormick,
I was induced to move a reconsideration, the
