mm ^cqncmessi^nal fGL€ ®E.
December §|
evidence of such resistance to tfce elocution of the laws in
Kansas as to require the Snteiposition of military force for
the - restoration or preservation of law and order in that
Territory; and-if he has received-such evidence, that-he
will lay the same before the Senate, and also copies of any
order which may have been issued by "his authority for the
employment of military force in Said Territory, if any such
order has been issued.
COMMUNICATION FROM TflE PRESIDENT.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the committee
appointed to wait on the -President of the United
States and inform .him ,of the organization of the
Senate, have performed that duty, and received
for answer that the President would send a com-
munication to the Senate this morning.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
, Mr. ADAMS. I ask leave to present a reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Monday next, at one
o'clock, elect a Secretary, Sergfeant-at-Arms and Doorkeep-
er, arid Assistant Doorkeeper.
I desire to say, Mr. President, in offering this
resolution, that it is not intended as a reflection
upon any. officer of this body. When, two years
ago, I offered a similar resolution, which was
.adopted then, I did it upon the ground that we
were a new'Congress, to some extent at least,and,
that it was right in principle that each Congress
should elect its own officers. I have no anxiety
upon the subject. I merely offer the resolution for
the consideration of the Senate, to be adopted or
not, as }n their judgment they may think proper.
Under, the existing rules the present officers will
continue Until otherwise ordered by the Senate.
I have thought it right to offer the resolution now,
as I gave notice at the last Congress that I should.
Mr. STUART. I presume it is not intended
to aslc for action on the resolution at this time.
Mr. ADAMS. No, sir; let it lie over.until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will lie
over.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the natu-
ralisation laws.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to secure the wages
of seamen in cases of wreck.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
Postmaster General to contract for the transpor-
lation of the United States mails in four-horse
coaches, tri-weekly, from St. Louis, in Missouri,
to San Francisco, in California.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill directing the payment to the Hon.
George P. Marsh, for judicial services under the
act of 11th of August, 1848, while Minister resi-
dent at Constantinople, at the rate of $1,000 per
annum.
A bill making compensation to the Hon.
George P. Marsh for his services and expendi-
tures on a special mission to the Government of
Greece, under the authority and direction of the
Government of the United States, and for nego-
tiating a treaty with the Government of Persia.
A bill making appropriations for the erection
of a suitable building for the accommodation of
the circuit and district courts of the United States,
and the several offices connected therewith, and
of the post office at Rutland, Vermont.
A bill making appropriations for the continua-
tion and completion of the breakwater in the
harbor of Burlington, on Lake Cliamplain.
A bill to extend the benefits of the bounty land
act of the 3d March, 1855, to all those who turned
out as volunteers on the occasion of the invasion
of Plattsburg, in September, 1814, and making
parol testimony admissible proof of such volun-
teer service.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the memorial of Hol-
ker Hughes, legal representative and one of the
heirs of Samuel Hughes, praying indemnity for
property destroyed by the enemy during the last
war with Great Britain. The memorialist desires
to lay the case before the Court of Claims.
Leave was granted.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr.. BELL, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That all private claims upon which reports
were made or ordered by any committee of the Senate at
its last session, and all bills of a private character that were
on the Calendar at its close, 'together with the accompany-
ing jiapera, he, and they are hereby, referred to the Court
of Claims.
I do not know, Mr. President, that there is any
particular necessity for the passage of such a res-
olution no#, but it occurred to me that it would
be proper to adopt the course which I have pro-
posed. > We shall be occupied a great deal with
private claims hereafter,, unless we take some
such course as this. There sire claims of an
anomalous character which cannot be assigned
to any particular or specific class designated in
the act establishing the Court of Claims. I have
no special casein view in offering this resolution.
I merely present it at this early day for the action
of the Senate, that we may know whether or not
we are to be occupied, as usual, with claims
which were pressed on our attention at previous
"sessions. Claims which toe unacted upon at the
close of a Congress are generally renewed with-
out any contest; and I have presented this reso-
lution in order to have it settled whether or hot
all classes of claims before us should not be as-
signed to the court established for their adjudi-
cation.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator the propriety of allowing the res-
olution to lie over.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion at all to its .being allowed to lie on the table
for the present, though I think it ought to be dis-
posed of in some way, so that we may not be
harassed with applications to consider claims
which should more properly be assigned to the
Court of Claims. I learn that a similar resolu-
tion was passed at the close of the last session by
the House of Representatives; and I cannot see
that there is any impropriety in the Senate's un-
dertaking to pursue the same course. If, how-
ever, the Senator from Virginia wishes the res-
olution to lie over until to-morrow morning, I
have no objection.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, it will be
observed that this resolution is very general in
its character. Private claimants know the pur-
port of the law which we passed at the last ses-
sion; they know the extent of jurisdiction which
has been conferred on the Court of Claims; and
if they desire to have their cases referred to that
court, they -will make their desire known to then-
representatives on this floor, and have each par-
ticular case so referred. Itmaybe that there are
a large number of claimants who do not desire to
have their claims referred to the court. If so,
we had better not pass any fesolution on the sub-
ject, but let every claimant take care of his own
case.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, it
was to obviate the very occurrence which the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania suggests,
that I thought it proper to pass a general resolu-
tion of this character. If we do not pass it, we
shall have to discuss hereafter the propriety of
referring each individual claim to the Court. This
seems to me to be a useless consumption of time.
Besides, I think, it ought not to depend on the
discretion or the will.of a claimant, whether he
will present his case to Congress or the Court of
Claims. According to the spirit and intention of
the law which wo passed at the last session, it
was the interest of Congress, and, as wc pre-
sumed, the interest of the public, to refer to the
adjudication of an appropriate tribunal those pri-
vate claims which had previously occupied so
large a portion of the time of the Senate and
House of Representatives. I know it was sug-
gested that the establishment of that tribunal was
by way of experiment. It may be said that it is
still an experiment; but that does not meet the
object of passing this resolution. We are making
an expenment to see whether or not private
claims cannot be passed upon with justice by a
body which does not rely upon merely ex parte
examinations. With a view to carry out the
spirit of the act of the last session, and in con-
formity with its intention, I have thought that it
would be proper to pass a general resolution of
this kind. I do not mean to press it now. I
have no argument to liiake about it. I merely
submit to the Senate whether there is n'ot a general
propriety, at least, in adopting such a measure
as tliis. I am willing that it shall lie over until
to-morrow morning, if any Senator has strong
reasons for desiring that the resolution shall' not
be pressed to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the resolution now before
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; it Kes over until
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President,a general
principle, I shall be very willing to refer claims
to the Court of Claims; but I am not willing,
without<more reflection, to pass a resolution refer-
ring every claim now before the Senate to that
court. I can readily conceive, sir, thatthere may
exist many cases which it would be improper to
refer to that court. There may be cases involving
Eolitical questions—questions not merelj- of law,
ut of that character which a court would decline
to adjudicate. It is possible—for I "have not re-
flected much upon the subject—that there may be
other cases which ought not to be referred to the
court. I think, therefore, it would be better to
let this resolution stand until we shall have had
time to reflect upon the subject. It is possible
that we may pass some general order referring
claims to the Court of Claims; but so sweeping a
one as this, I should hesitate -much -to vote for.
I think we had better let the subject stay for the
present, hold it in our hands,reflect on it, and in
the course of the session we may devise some
general order that may be proper. I repeat, I
am anxious, as a general principle, that the Sen-
ate should get rid of these private claims. I
think, however, it would be dangerous to pass
such a resolution as this at present.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not press it
to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution lies over
under the rules.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CR.ITTENDEN. The Senate were kind
enough, sir, to admit me to my seat on Monday,
when I had not sufficient evidence of my election
I present to the Senate,new, my credentials, and
ask that they be filed.
The credentials were received, and ordered to
be placed on the file.
Mr. SEWARD. If no Senator has any busi-
ness to offer, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES^
Wednesday, Decembtr 5, 1855.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at .
twelve o'clock,'m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James L. Seward, a Representative from
Georgia, and Hon. Josfi Maotel Gallegos,
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico,
appeared, and took their seats.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now proceed to vote, viva voce, for a Sneaker.
Mr. HOUSTON, and others. Call the roll.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
TENTH VOTE.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll or
the tenth vote for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 220; neces-
sary to a choice, 111; of which—
William A. Richardson received   72
Lewis D. Campbell ..  48
Nathaniel P. Banks 32
Humphrey Marshall 25
Henry M. Fuller   Qi
Alexander C. M. Pennington   9
William A. Howard  2
Benjamin B. Thurston .  2
J. Glancy Jones ;   J
Charles Ready    1
Solomon G. Haven      1
Joshua Giddmgs    1
Andrew Ohver    1
John Wheeler..    1
Daniel Mace      1
William W. Yalk    1
Samuel P. Benson  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks) Bur-
