8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December
jPor -Mr. Mace—Mr, Lewis D. Campbell.
For Mr. Puryear—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Nichols—Mr. Grow.
For Mr. Lake—Mr. Puryear.
jFor Mr. English—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Ready—Mr. Rivers.
For Mr. Oliver—Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. PHELPS, (at half past two, p.m.) I
move that the House do nOw adjourn.
- The question was taken, and the motion v,-as
not agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll on
the fifteenth vote for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 219; neces-
sary to a choice, 110; of which—
Lewis D. Campbell received   80
William A. Richardson  74
Henry M. Fuller    19
Thomas R. Whitney  9
William R. Smith       9
Nathaniel P. Banks    8
Alexander C. M. Pennington    7
Humphrey Marshall    6
Richard G. Puryear  2
Benjamin B. Thurston   2
Daniel Mace    1
Matthias H. Nichols  1
Andrew Oliver    1
So there was^ao choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. -Campbell—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball,
Banks, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghuvrit,
Bingham? Brenton, Buriingame, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Col-
fax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Be Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durf'cc, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas ft.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, ICekey,
King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Letter, Mace, Matte&on,
McCarty, Meacham, KiJlian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Parker, PeIton? Perry, Petut,
Pike, Prmgle, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stanton, Tappan, Thonugton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, (Jadwalader C. Washhume, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodvvorth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawibrd, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Quitman, Uuffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Reward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Winslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—'Messrs. Bradshaw, James II. Camp-
bell, Covode, Cullen, Dick, Edie, Knight, Knnkol, Mill-
ward, Pearce, Pennington, Purviance, Ready, Ritchie,
Roberts, Robison, Sneed, Todd, and Ty -on
For Mr. Whitney—Mvsfirs. Carlile, Bayard Claik, Cox,
Foster, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Swope, and Valk.
For Mr. Smith—Messrs. Henry Winter Davis, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hoffman, Paine, Ricaud, Rivers, Underwood,
Whitney, and Zolhcofier.
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Buffinwt^n, Damrell, Emiie,
Robert B. Hall, Andrew Oliver, Spinner, Thurston, and
Trafton.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Bishop, Broom, Clawson,
Edwards, Henry M. Fuller, ilobbms, and Stranahan.
For Mr. Marshall—Messrs. Eustis, Kennett, Lake, Lind-
ley, Trippe, and Walker.
For Mr. Puryear—Me-*sr* TCth >ridge and Haven.
For Mr. Thurston—Mr. Nielioi*.
For Mr. Mare—Mr. Lewis D. Campbell.
For Mr. Nichols—-Mr. Grow.
For Mr. Oliver—Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. VALK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at twenty minutes past
three o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 6, 1855.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
METEOROLOGY.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 present cer-
tain resolutions and a memorial of the New York
State Agricultural Society, praying for proper ap-
propriations to enable the Interior or some other
Department of the Government to prosecute mete-
orological observations on the plan proposed by
Lieutenant Maury, of the National Observatory.
I move that for the present they lie upon tlie table.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
erection of a court-house and post office in Bos-
ton.
Mr. CASS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
' A bill making appropriations for deepening the
chanijel over the St. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan.
A bill making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,in
the State of Michigan.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce -a bill providing for the con-
struction of a'railroad to the Pacific.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask'leave to introduce the following
bills:
A bill making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads therein.
A bill to extend the western boundary of the
State of Iowa.
TROUBLES IN KANSAS.
Mr. HALE. If there be nothing before the
Senate, I move that the resolution which I of-
fered yesterday be taken up for consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Resolved, That tile Fresident of tlie United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether he has received any
evidence of sucli lesistance to the execution of,the laws in
Kansas as to require the interposition of military force for
the restoration or pi eservation oflaw and order in that Ter-
ritory ; arid if he has leeeived such evidence, that lie will
Jay the same before the Senate, and also copies of any order
which may have been issued by his authority for the em-
ployment of military force m said Territory, if any such
order has been issued.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the resolution for consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely rise to suggest that
I think it is unusual to enter upon any business
of this character until the other House is organ-
ized. This resolution asks the President to com-
municate with us in advance of his annual mes-
sage. I think there is no precedent for such a
call on the, President before the two Houses are
organized and ready to proceed to business.
Mr. HALE. I have no particular objection
to the course suggested by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, thougfi I do not myself see that there is
any impropriety in passing this resolution now.
I remember that some discussion was had in this
body about six years ago when a somewhat sim-
ilar condition of things existed. Although there
was no vote taken then, if I remember aright it
was understood at that time that the Senate, even
at a called executive session, might act on any
business which did not require the concurrent
action of the House; and it ly very ccrtain that a
call for information by this body does not require
their action. If, however, the resolution is ob-
jected to on the ground which has been assigned,
I have no objection to its lying over until we get
the message.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say that we had
not the power, but I merely suggested that it was
unusual in advance of the President's annual
message, to call for a special message.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I do not wish to do
anything unusual; I therefore withdraw my mo-
tion. The resolution can lie over until the mes-
sage has been received.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT".
Mr. HUNTER. I am not aware that there
will be any motion to go into executive session,
and as I see nothing that wc can do until the
I other House is organized, except executive
business, I move that the Senate adjourn.  
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that that is
hardly courteous to the other House, or to the
President. The House may organize to-day; if
so, the message can be received to-morrow. Sup-
pose. the House should organize to-day, they
would be ready to receive the message, and we
should not be in session to receive it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope we shall not adjourn
to Monday. I think the honorable Senator from
Virginia is decidedly right. It is possible the
House may organize to-day, or to-morrow; and
if they should, we are'anxious, and the country
is anxious, to hear the views of the President of
the United States. I trust, sir, that we shall re-
main here until we ascertain that there is no rea-
sonable prospect of the House organizing during
the week.
Mr. WELLER. I believe we adopted a role,
the other day, fixing the hour, of meeting "at
twelve o'clock each day. That rule cannot be
changed, except by a proposition of which one
day's notice must be given; I therefore object to
the consideration of the resolution to adjourn
over to Monday next.
The PRESIDENT. It is a mere order, and
not a rule of the Senate, which fixes the hour of
meeting. The Senate can entertain a motion to
adjourn to a fixed day. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire insist on his motion ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir, I shall not do so, since
the intimation of the Senator from Delaware,
which is entirely new to me, that the country is
waiting with great anxiety for the message.
[Laughter.] I withdraw the motion.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senate to
consider for a single moment a resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by the Senator from Tennes-
see. I only desire to have it taken up for the
purpose of submitting an amendment, so that the
Senate can consider both the resolution offered
by the Senator and the amendment which I pro-
pose.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Bell, of Tennessee:
Resolved, That all private elaims upon which report5?
were made or ouleted by any committee of the Senate at
its last session, and all bills of a private character that were
on the Calendar at ity close, together with the accompany-
in? papers, be, and they are hereby, referred to tlie Court
of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend that
resolution by striking out all after the word
"that," and inserting:
The parties interested in all private claims upon which
reports were made by any committee of the Senate, duung
either session of the last Congress, have leave to withdraw
the same, together with the accompanying papers, from tlie
files of the Senate, for the purpose of presenting them be
fore the C^urt of Claims.
I do not propose that the subject shall be con
sidered at tifcs time.
Mr. CLAYTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine obviates the objection, which I
made yesterday, to the resolution introduced by
my honorable friend from Tennessee. I am will-
ing to adopt that amendment, and adopt it at once,
if the gentleman desires.
Mr. STUART. It is not proposed, I under-
stand, to consider the matter at this time; I move,
therefore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 6, 1855.
The Clerk called the House to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
Tlie Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WHITNEY. Before the House proceeds
to vote for Speaker, I beg leave to withdraw the
name of Humphrey Marshall, of Kentucky,
as a candidate.
SIXTEENTH VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The tellers then resumed their places, and the
House proceeded to vote a sixteenth timeior a
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votus, 222; necessary to a choice, 112; of
which—
Lewis D. Campbell received 79
William A. Richardson 7-2
Ilenry M. Fullei 20
William R. Smith 14
John Wheelei 10
Alexander C. M. Pennington  9
Nathaniel P. Banks.-../.  6
William W. Valk 2
Benjamin B. Thurston  2
John S. Carlile 2
Daniel Mace  1
Richard C. Puryear  1
Matthias H. Nichols  1
Andrew Oliver  1
Henry A. Edmundson  1
Percy Walker 1
So there was no choice.
