iedi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
obtaining an extension of the patent if he shall
"be able to show that he has not been sufficiently
remunerated. ^Vhen that remedy is exhausted,
I do not think it is safe or proper for us to inter-
fere; but I was inclined to vote for this bill be-
cause it proposed to send the case back to the
Commissioner toenable him to determine whether
the extension, to which he was entitled, of seven
years, if he had been able to bring himself within
the provisions of the law, should now be given.
1 was inclined to do so, because I heard that he
had been denied an opportunity to have a decis-
ion on the merits of the case on mere technical
grounds; but after listening to the arguments and
the testimony on both sides, I believe that if we
were to interfere now with the decision made in
the case by the board—for it was then decided
by the board, and not by the Commissioner alone
we should be applied to in thousands of other—
cases to grant appeals from the decision of the
Commissioner, i think it would not be safe to
do so. I believe the case has been as much de-
cided as any matter of patents is ever decided.
I think it is safe that Congress should establish
the rule that they will not disturb these decisions
or grant an appeal after a case has been finally
adjudicated as provided for in the law. I cannot
go for the bill—especially as has been urged—
since the public have already had the use of the
invention. There would be some difference be-
tween extending the patent at the time when he
applied, and beginning now, and introducing a
new period of seven years—after the public have
been using it4 and after, too, it may be, other
improvements have been based on this machine.
I cannot vote for the bill. I say it with regret;
for I believe the country is indebted to Mr.
McCormick, not only for having added to the
American reputation, but for having rescued it
at a time when we all felt more or less sympathy
the result of the great competition amongst the
different nations for the exhibition of inventions
and useful arts. He has added to the American
reputation abroad—not only in England, but in
France; and I am sorry I cannot, consistently
with a sense of duty, vote for this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. No attorneys on either side
have approached me on the subject, nor would
they have had any influence if they had ap-
proached me. 1 vote on the principle that the
party has had one trial—fair or unfair—and has
shown no sufficient reason why he should have
a. second. I believe it is wrong to extend patents
where the authorities organized and constituted
by the Government have decided the question.
I think they ought not to be interfered with.
Feeling no interest in this question on either side,
as I have uniformly in similar cases voted against
such extensions, I shall record my name agains
the bill.
Mr. MASON. I have voted heretofore for
this bill, and shall continue to vote for it as at
present advised. I certainly should, with very
great caution and. care, refrain from indulging
appeals from the constituted Department to de-
termine when patents shall be extended. But I
can see no reason to reject an application to have
another trial before the board. 1 do not sec that
we should be as cautious in refusing a second
trial as we should be in refusing to extend a
patent when the board declined to do so. I know
nothing of the merits of this case, further than is
alleged, and I believe confirmed by the report of
of the committee, that the patentee, from some
causes over which he had no control, failed to
get his evidence before the board, and the board
decided, in the absence of that evidence, as he
supposes, in a way they would not have decided
if they had it.
Then, again, I know that questions in regard
to inventions under the patent law have given
rise to litigation of a very ^reat and remarkable
character. The controversies which are taking
place in the courts show that there is great effort
on the part of many people to take advantage of
inventions which have been made and patented,
and to appropriate them to themselves with a
view to make money, with a view to emolument;
and I am rather disposed to think, although the
agricultural interest is certainly concerned in this
matter, that there are a vast number of others
who, if they have not speculated on this patent,
have claimed to have made modifications or alter-
ations of it which they will exclusively enjoy
without the risk of litigation, as is alleged, if a
patent should not be extended to the present
patentee. I would not vote on a direct appeal
from the decision of the board to extend it, but I
am strongly impressed with the propriety of giv-
ing him another chance to be heard before the
board. . ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Louisiana has instructed
her Representatives to vote against the renewal
of patents.
Mr. BROWN. This is not the renewal of a
patent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I consider it so. I vote
" nay," although, in my judgment, I ought to
vote " yea;"but I think it is acase where instruc-
tions ought to be obeyed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BngUt, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Dodge,
Fcfeseiiden, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, James, Mallory, Mason,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Wilson—15. „
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Biggs, Rigler, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden,
Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick,Ge.ver, Hunter, Iverson, .lones ot
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pugh, Rcid, Siidell, Toombs,
Tiumbiitl, and Wade—23.
So the bill was rejected.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
Mr. PUGH. All these parties ought to be
put on an equal footing. A bill was passed for
the relief of Hiram Moore and John Haseall, or
their legal representatives, parties interested in
another reaping machine, and a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which that bill was passed lies
on the table. The motion was made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] though it is
set down on the Calendar as having been made by
me. I ask the Senate to take up that motion.
The PRESIDENT p)o tempore. The bill (S.
No. 304) for the relief of Hiram Moore and John
Haseall, or their legal representatives, was passed,
and the question is on reconsidering that vote.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I suggest that we pro-
ceed to consider only those biiis to which no ob-
jection is made, or which will give rise to no
debate. There are many bills of1 that character
which can be passed at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to agree to that suggestion.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. STUART. The bill for the relief of
Moore and Haseall stands on a motion to recon-
sider. Before that question can be presented
fairly to the Senate, it will require considerable
debate; I therefore move to postpone its further
consideration.
Mr. PUGH. 1 shall not press the matter, if
the Senator will allow the vote to be reconsid-
ered, and then let the bill take its place on the
Calendar. We have had a general discussion on
this question, mid I do nut wish it to be re-
newed.
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary to act on
the pending motion. The motion to reconsider
prevents any action on the bill; and whenever the
question is taken it may as well be taken on that
motion. That will be a test vote when taken.
If the Senate decide to reconsider after debate, of
course it will be an end of the bill. I desire to
present the merits of this case somewhat at length,
and 1 confess I am not able to do it to-day on
account of the condition of my health. This bill
stands on a very different principle from that which
has been discussed before the Senate to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the bill will be postponed until Fri-
day next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will notbc post-
poned, or, at any rate, not without reconsidering
the vote by which it was passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I imagine that the Senator
from Illinois did not hear the Senator from Michi-
gan state that he was too unwell to discuss the
subject to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to press the
matter, but I think it would be better to let the
bill be reconsidered, and take its place on the
Calendar. It now stands in a position where it
will be liable to be passed without consideration,
as it was on a former occasion. Let the bill be
reconsidered, and then, if the Senator from
Michigan is too unwell to proceed with the dis-
cussion to-day, certainly I shall not ask to have
it disposed of, but let it be postponed, ii he desirea
it. "We have had the whole subject under debate
to-day, and it seems to me to be proper to ha\e
the bill placed on the Calendar, so that it shall
receive due consideration when it does come up.
If the motion shall fail, the bill will stand passed,
and there will be an end of it. I certainly shall
not insist on disposing of the bill to-day, contrary
to the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan;
but I desire to have it reconsidered and placed in
the same condition as the other bills are upon the
Calendar, so that it will come up properly in its
order.
Mr. STUART. It does not change the posi-
tion of the bill. The motion to reconsider, when-
ever it is voted upon, is a test vote. If the Senate
decide, after debate, to reconsider the vote, I shall
regard that as rejecting the bill, and shall make
no further controversy about it. All I wish is,
that no vote may be taken until I can have an
opportunity to present the case to the Senate.
There is no danger of the bill becoming a law
hastily. It cannot be acted upon during the
pendency of the motion to reconsider, and it
stands as much upon the Calendar now as it will
after the motion to reconsider is adopted.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Michigan
has raised a point which I wished to present; and
that is, that the question of reconsideration in-
volves the whole merits of the bill, and that it
would not do, therefore, for the Senate to recon-
sider by common consent, and then, probably,
upon discussion, vote down the bill. The vote
on the reconsideration ought to be the test vote
to decide the sense of the Senate as to the fate of
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
OBED HUSSEY.
The PRESIDENT pvo tempore. The next bill
on the calendar is (S. No. 305) for the relief of
Obed Hussey.
Mr. STUART. In that case, inasmuch as both
the Senators from Maryland, where Mr. Hussey
resides, are absent, I think it would be better to
postpone the consideration of this bill. It is a
matter in which I feel no concern; but as I see
neither of those Senators here, I move to post-
pone the consideration of the bill until Friday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
J. P. HATCH.
The House bill (No. 266) for the relief of
CaptainJ. P. Hatch, of the United States Army,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the accounting officers to
allow to his credit the sum of $610, lost by him
whilst recruiting officer at Cleveland, on the 25th
day of October, 3854.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I should like to hear
the report in this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I can state the cir-
cumstances without reading the report. Captain
Hatch was recruiting officer at Cleveland, Ohio.
He was sick, or from some other cause sent a
sum of money to the depot by a subaltern officer.
The subaltern was killed, or disappeared; he lias
never been seen or heard of since, but I believe
some of his clothes were found. That is the his-
tory of the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Alabama call for the reading of the
report?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOSEPH H. WHIPPLE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to reconsider House bill (No. 268) for
the relief of the legal representatives of Captain
Joseph H. Whipple, which proposes to direct
the accounting officers, in the settlement of the
accounts of the late Captain Joseph H.Whipple,
to pass to his credit the sum of $1 ,29d 03, or so
much thereof as, in the opinion of the Secretary
of War, was properly expended by him on ac-
V
