1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
count of " barracks at Turkey river." The bill
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
\V. P. A. HAIL.
The House joint resolution (J. R. No. 10) for
the relief of Dr. William P. A. Hail, late of the
Tennessee volunteers in the Mexican war, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury udjust the claim of Dr. W. P.
A. Hail, for medical services rendered to the
volunteers while serving in Mexico, by allowing
him the pay of assistant surgeon while engaged
in professional services, with the consent of 'his
commanding officer, deducting therelrom the
amount paid him as a private in the tirst regiment
of Tennessee volunteers during the period he
performed the duties of surgeon. ]j
Dr. Hail wns a private in the first regiment of ! j
Tennessee volunteers serving in Mexico. While i|
a member of that corps, the principal surgeon of |,
the regiment died. While under the sole care of !j
an assistant surgeon, much sickness prevailed in •;
the regiment—about four hundred being sick at j'
onetime. During this time Dr. Had was actively j
engaged in piof,ssional ser\iccs to the siek, doing
all he could to alleviate their suffering and dis-
tress; and it is stated by General Pillow that his !
services were necessary. 1
The resolution was reported to the Senate with- j
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read j
the third time, and passed. |
CHARLES E. ANDERSON. j
The bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of Charles ;
E. Anderson was read the second time, and con- ;
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. j
Its purpose is to direct the payment to Mr. |
Anderson, late acting charge d'affaires of the :
United States fit Pans, the sum of $1,65/ 60, it ;
being the amount of the difference between the j
salary received by him as secretary of legation !
and that of chaige from 1st of April to the 29th j
of November, 1^37. ^ .
Mi. Andeison was appointed secretary of the ■
legation of the United States at Puns in lb3G,
under General Cass, our Minister at thm court. :
In March, lt\37, on the departure of the Minis- |
ter for the Mediterranean and the Holy L.'.id, i
he was presented to the court of Louis Philippe ;
as charge d'atfaires of the United States ad in- \
terimi and from that time till there turn ot U'-n- ;
cral Cass to his post, a -period of eight or nine ;
months, the entire duties, responsibilities, and j
expenses of the legation devolved upon him. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without \
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, anil pa^ed. ;
GEORGE M. GORDON. j
The bill of the Committee on Public Lands, ;
(S. ]No. 312,) to vest the title of certain warrants
for land m George M. Goidon, was read the
second tirae.
Its purpose is to direct the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, under such regulations
as he raav prescribe, to recognize the assignment
mnde to George M. Gordon on the 21st of Jan-
uary, 1852, by Edmund sergeant in_Cap-
tain Gordon's company, third regiment of "United
StatPf* infantry, and James Mclntyre, a private
of the same company and regiment, to whom
warrants numbcied 76,402 and 78,403, were is-
sued on the 13th day of July, 1853, so as to vest
*he legal title in George M. Gordon, his heirs or
assigns, according to the intention of those par-
ties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall have to oppose the
passage of this bill. I do not know under what
circumstances the case was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. We have had a number
of similar applications before the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and have rcponcd ad-
versely to the whole of them. I will state to the
Senate, in a\ery few words, what is the principle
involved.
By the act of Congress of February 11, 1847,
grouting bounty lands, there was an express pro-
vision against any transfer by a soldier ot his
bounty land beforehis warrant issued in Ins iavor;
and all mortgages, assignments, transfer*, pow-
ers, and instruments whatever, tending to affect
the- title* were declared to b© utterly null and void,
and to have no effect in law. A large number of
persons, notwithstanding these provisions, spec-
ulated in bounty hind claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Louisiana
will pardon me for interrupting: him for a mo-
ment. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
reported this bill, and he has retired from the
Chamber in consequence of illness. I suggest,
therefore, that it would be better to postpone this
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
allowing it to lie over.
The bill was postponed until Friday next.
STEuART AND RANDALL.
The bill (S. No. 313) for the relief of Adam
D. Stcuart, and of Alexander Randall, executor
of Daniel Randall, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Adam D. Stcuart, and to Alex-
ander Randall, executer of Daniel Randall, a
commission of one per cent, upon such amounts
of money as were respectively collected by them,
and disbursed or paid into the Treasury of the
United States, in virtue of the authority specially
invested in them, by order of the commanding
general of the United States Army, and arising
from duties on imports, taxes, or other assess-
ments in Mexico, during the late war with that
Republic.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe there is a general
law in regard to matters of this kind.
Mr. F1TZPATR1CK. There is a general law
under which the accounts of the other paymasters
m Mexico were settled. Tlie.se gentlemen had
very large amounts of money, and each sustained
losses. "They paid over the money which they
collected to the Government, without claiming the
per centage to which they were en tuled under the
law. This bill really allocs them one per cent,
less than they were entitled to under the law.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the amount is the
same as under the law.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sii, it is one per
cent. less. A laitre amount of money passed
through the hands of these officers. Out- of them
collected over a million of dollars, and the other
about three hundred thousand dollars during the
Mexican war. In consequence of the large
omount, the Commit!ee un Military Affairs cut
down the commission about one per cent. These
gentleman are faithful officers, and the settlement
of their accounts will, we believe, close all the
aceuunts of our paymasters connected with mili-
tary operations in Mexico.
The biU was reported to the Senate without
; amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
! reading, read the third tune, and passed.
L. JANE HORNER.
The House bill (No. 130) to grant to L.
Jane Horner and children a section of land in
I Oregon, was considered as in Committee of the
j Whole. It proposes to grant six hundred and
■ forty acres of land, in the Territory ot Oregon, j
! being the tract formerly in possession of Emanuel !
| Horner, and on which his wif", L.Jane Horner, ;
' and her children, now reside; to them, m the fol-
' lowing manner: the south half uf the section to
L. Jane Horner, in her own light, and the north ;
' half to her children, if it be shown to the satis- j
; faction of the legister and rt ceiver m Oregon, with j
I the approval onho Commissioner of the General ;
; Land Office, that their continued possession has
' been such as, under the conditions of the act of ,
27th September, 1850, in regard to settlement, ;
i would entitle them to a donation. ,
! It appears that Emanuel Horner, the husband, ;
! had possession of, and with ins family resided ;
i upon, a section of land in the county of Wash- ,
I ington, and Territory of Oregon, up to the sum- I
, mer of 1651, at which time he absconded with a j
| paramour, leaving his wife and family to provide :
i for themselves.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
1 third time, and passed.
| ASBURY DICKINS.
! The bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of Asbury
1 Dickins was read 'he second time, and consid-
; ered as in CommiUee of the Whole.
! The bill, as reported from the Court of Claims,
| proposed to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Asbury Dickins, $1,395 88 for his ser-
vices as Acting Secretary of the Treasury, at
various times, between the 24th of April, 1829,
and the 31st of May, 1833; and also the sum of
$3,693 37 for his services as Acting Secretary of
State, at various times, between the 10th of Au-
gust, 1833, and the 9th of November, 3836; also,
the sum of $261 46 for his services as chief clerk
in the Treasury Department, from the 21st of
June, 1831, to the 7th of August, 1831.
The Committee on Claims propose to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, autlumzcd and required
to account with and allow to Asburv Dickins, Lite chief
cicik m the Treasury Department, and late chief clerk m
the Department of State, for the tune be discharged the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury Department or Secre-
tary of the Department oi State, by appointment from Pres-
ident Jackson, the &ame compensation as wa< thfyi allowed
by law to the heads of tho-e Dentrtmeuts. deducting fhere-
fiom the compensation received by the ^aid A-burv Dickins,
as chief clerk of either of tho-=" Department--, during the
*ame time, the same to be p:ud out of any money in the
Treasuiv not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ADAMS. I think the Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] desires to make a question
on this bill,and discuss the proposed amendment.
After having appointed a court, and authorized
them to settle such questions, and provided for
having their adjudications brought here as the
judgment of a court, I am unwilling to revise and
change and alter them. I think we ought either
to repeal the law, or to abide by their decisions.
As is known to the Senate, I have been as much
opposed to claims of this character as any other
Senator; but we have constituted a court, and
we have provided an attorney to represent the
Government, so that both sides may be heard
there. This is an advantage which the Senate
can never enjoy. The court hears both sides of
a question; and whether they decide according to
my judgment or not, I have agreed, by my vote
for the bill constituting that court, to leave what-
ever claim a party may think proper to present
against the Government to their decision, and I
am unwilUng to attempt to revise their decisions.
What, they have decided 1 shall vote to con-
firm, unless it can be shown, not that they hare
been mistaken m their judgment, but that some
fraud lias been practiced upon them, or that there
has been corruption m the court. Their judg-
ment is the decree of a chancery court having in-
vestigated the question by authority of the Con-
gress of the United States. Whether they have
decided right or wrong, we have made them a
court to settle the question, and by their decision
1 will abide or vote to repeal the law. I cannot
see why we should have the trouble of a reinvest-
igation and revision of their decisions here, after
having put the Government to the expense of
constituting and sustaining that court. I can sco
no advantage to result from it; I am therefore op-
posed to the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have confidence in the
Court of Claims, though the committee have re-
ported a substitute for the bill which the court
recommend. I will briefly state the case. Mr.
Dickins, and two other gentlemen who are men-
tioned in the bills winch follow, were chief clerks
in the Departments. They were appointed by the
Piesident of the United States at (Liferent periods
to discharge the duties of the heads of the De-
partments. Under a decision of the circuit court
of the United States, sitting in Baltimore, ths
Court of Claims determined that these gentlemen,
were entitled to both salaries—the salary of the
head of the Department, and that of the chief
clerk. The Committee of Claims decided to give
the claimants the higher salary, deducting the
amount they had already received.
We did this without undertaking to say that
the coui t had notdecidcd the legal claim correctly,
because i think that, under the decision of the
: Supreme Court of the United States, Judge Black-
. ford, who delivered the opinion, was right in de-
' cidmg as he did; but Congress, on such matters,
is not bound by the decision of the Supreme
Court, or any Kher court governed by strict legal
; rules. Therefore, without impugning the deeis-
: ion uf the Court of Claims—without saying that
; the court is not a useful institution, we have re-
^ ported this substitute allowing the higher salary,
; and not giving both. In this view* I think the
Senate will concur
