1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 11,
If you adopt the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, Congress wilt soon
repeal the law establishing the Court of Claims.
You could not make their decisions final and con-
clusive. You must leave some discretion to Con-
fress. This court, even with the powerretained
y Congress, will be a very useful institution in
sifting facts, and preparing cases for adjudica~
lion. I hope the proposed substitute will be
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. X would ask the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania if a law has not been
passed since that case arose, which requires that
only one salary shall be paid, and that the highest.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the law new, but
at the time when this claim arose there was no
such provision on the subject, and the parties
had their claim adjudicated on the law as it stood
at that titre.
Mr. HUNTER. If that be the case, it seems
to me that no great mischief can arise from sus-
taining the judgment of the Court of Claims.
They have decided, as the Senator from Penn-
sylvania admits, according to the law of the case,
as the law then was. Although we-may think,
and I do think, it was improper to allow them
both salaries, they were entitled to it if the law
was such. We have a statute now which alters
that practice, and confines them to only one sal-
ary. There can be, therefore, no future mischief
arising from the confhmation of the judgment in
this case.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senator is wrong
in supposing that there was any law on the mat-
ter at the time when Mr. Dickins rendered the
service. There were some precedents relied upon,
I believe.
Mr. HUNTER. I say that, inasmuch as the
court decided in Mr. Diekins's case according
to the law as it then stood, no great mischief can
arise from sustaining the decision, because, so
far as other eases arc concerned, tliey will be
governed by the-law passed since that time,
which cofines the applicant to one salary.
I am of opinion that we have the power to
revise the judgments and decisions of the Court of
Claims, and m extreme cases I would do it, but
they must be extreme cases where I should be
induced to revise and change their judgments;
because I know they are the judgments of able
and impartial men, who have had all the advan-
tages of argument and sifting of testimony. For
that reason I should be very loth to set aside
any judgment which they might pronounce, un-
less it could be shown to me to be palpably erro-
neous. Now, according to the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Claims, this was
not so. That being the case, why not sustain
the opinion of the court.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 think it is better for the
claimants and better for the Government that my
friend from Virginia should suffer tin- proposed
amendment to be adopted. If we send the bid to
the House as it comes from the court, the claim-
ants will get nothing. I ask the Senator from
Virginia to review ins opinion on this subject.
The claimants will b<> perfectly satisfied with the
highest salary. I believe, that if, we confine our-
selves to that we may secure it, and tlicv will be
content; but if you undertake to give them what
the court has allowed, the result will be that they
wiii g.'t nothing when the bill reaches the House
of Representatives, I think it will be better to
agree to the amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether there was not an incumbent
who received the salary appropriated by law at
the very time when these services were performed?
Mr. BRODIIEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOUCEY. As I understand the case,
there were two offices, a higher and a lower. The
duties of the higher ofRce were discharged by the
inferior officer. The inferior officer received his
own salary, and at the same time the superior
officer lecetved the salary allotted to him by law.
Air. BRODHEAD. He was sick or absent.
Mr.TOUCEY. He was doubtless sick or
absent. Such cases arise very often. Now, as I
understand, the Court of Claims propose to pay
the inferior officer both salaries, while he per-
formed lor the chief officer the duties assigned
him by law, and for which the chief officer re-
ceived the full salary.
The difference between the Court of Claims
and the Committee on Claims is, that, instead'of
paying both salaries, the committee purpose to
allow the difference between them to the inferior
officer for discharging the duties. The public
were entitled to his services, and all his services;
but he has taken upon himself, in the absence of
another officer, higher duties than those he usu-
ally performed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. By appointment from
General Jackson.
Mr. TOUCEY. By appointment, of course.
Now, the Committee on Claims propose merely
to pay the difference between the higher and lower
salaries. The practice of the Government is now
to the contrary. The inferior officer who performs
the duties receives nothing. He performs the duty
for his supciior; the superior receives the salary,
and the inferior gets nothing beyond the regular
pay allowed him by law.
Now I should be very reluctant to go beyond
the report of the Comniittee on Claims; and I
should be still more reluctant to say that the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, acting in subordi-
nation to Congress, when we have not been will-
ing to intrust to that court the power to order the
payment, but merely to refer the subject back to
Congress, should be final on such questions. I
think the whole policy of the law was to reserve
to Congress a revision of their decisions. Here
we do not revise the facts; we merely express the
opinion of Congress upon the facts reported by
them, and, dissenting in part from their opinion,
we say that when the Government has paid full
compensation to the subordinate officer, for the
discharge of his own duties, we will not pay to
him, when he occupies, temporarily, a higher
office in the absence of the incumbent, full salary
for that office also, but only pay him, including
both offices, the same amount we pay to  the
superior officer. I co.ifess there was a difficulty
in my mind in coming up to the report of the
Committee on Claims, but I should be very un-
willing to vote for the bill of the court.
Mr. HUNTER. I said, when 1 was up be-
fore, that I should not be willing to yield the
power of revising the judgment of the Court of
Claims. 1 certainly think it is necessary to keep
that power here, but I stated what I think will
be found to be a salutary rule of practice, that I
would not do it unless a palpable error in their
judgment could be shown. In this case it is
admitted there was no error,because the decision
was according to the facts and the law at the time
when the services were rendered. But I have
risen to withdraw my opposition tp the amend-
ment, because I understand that the claimants
themselves arc satisfied with it.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The bill was oidcred to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
The bill (S. No. 315) for the relief of Michael
Nourse was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the "Whole.
The bill, as reported from the Court of Claims,
proposed to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Michael Nourse the sum of $2,827 39,
as a compensation in full for his ^rvices as
Acting Register of the Treasury, at various times
between the lfith of February, 1830, and the
17th of May, 1847, both days inclusive.
The committee reported it with an amendment
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert the following:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be, and they aie hereby, authorized and le-
quircd to account with, and allow to, Michael \Touixr>, ln.tr>
chief clerK m the office of the Register of the Tiea>ur\\ tor
the time that lie performed the duties of Registei of the
Tiea&uty, under tempoiaiy appointments by the President
of the United States, the same compensation that was at
the time allowed bylaw to the Register for those duties:
to be paid out of any money in theTieatsury not otherwise
appropriated, deducting tl/crefrorn the compensation re- '
received by >aid Nour>e, during said time, as chief clerk,
Mr. BRODHEAD. Tins bill and the next
one stand on the same footing with that upon
winch we have just acted.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in.
was ot'dered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a. third time, and passed. U
JOHN ROBB.
The- bill (S. No. 316) for the relief of John
Robb was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill, as received from the Court of Claims,
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to John Robb $2,876 73, as a compensa-
tion in full for his services as acting Secretary of
War, in the years 1832 and 1833.
The committee reported the following substi-
tute:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and Itiey are hereby, authorised and required
to account with ami allow to John Robb, late chief cleric
of the Treasury Department, for the time he discharged
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury Department, by
appointment from the President of the United States, the
same compensation as was then allowed bv law to the
head of that Department, deducting theieirom the com-
pensation received by the said John Robb as ehu f eleik
of said Department, duiing the same time ; the sanr1 to be
paid out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was concurred in; the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM H. CHASE.
The bill of the Court of Claims (S. No. 317)
for the relief of William H. Chase, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to pass to the credit
of William H. Chase, a major in the Army, in
the settlement o,f his accounts, the sum of §812 50,
for the amount heretofore disallowed him in lieu
of quarters and fuel in 1838 and 1839; and $150
for money paid by him to Doctor Wedderburn,
of the Navy,formedicalservices;and the further
sum of §130 for money paid by him for the hire
of a vessel to convey him, in the course of his
duty, from Key West to Havana in the year
1845; amounting in all to (>1,092 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and pased.
GENE.RAL ST. CLAIR.
The bill (S. No. 319) for the relief of thp heirs
of Major General Arthur St. Clair was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes that, in consideration of the claims,
services, and sacrifices, of the late Major General
Arthur St. Clair, m the war of the Revolution,
and in the subsequent Indian wars, the Secretary
of the Treasury pay to his heirs—one-sixth to be
paid to the heirs of each of his six children—
$30,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I regret that the senior
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is not here.
He has some knowledge of the merits of this case.
There is a letter from Mr. Whittlesey appended
to the report of the committee, which may be read;
and in fact, the report itself may be read if any
Senatordesires it. i think this is one of the most
meritorious cases that has come before the Com-
mittee on Claims since I have been connected
with that committee. Such was the judgment of
the committee. We investigated it thoroughly.
Wc had all the acts of Congress, and all the re-
ports before us which had reference to General
St. Clair.
He advanced moneys during the Indian wars,
which were not paid. When the Democrats came
into power under Mr. Jefferson, he had to en-
counter prejudices. He had adhered to the ad-
ministrations of Washington and Adams. He
was a Federalist, and remained one to the time
of his death; but it did not detract from his merits,
and from his claims on the Government. lie
distinguished himself in very many of the battles
of the revolutionary war. He had a handsome
fortune when the Revolution commenced, and
that was sacrificed. He advanced money to leen-
hst one of the regiments whose time had expired.
When Governor of the Northwestern Terri-
tory—lie was Governor fourteen years—he was
directed to make an Indian treaty, and a small
sum of money (I believe a few thousand dollars)
was appropriated to enable him to do it. lie
went beyond that. It was necessary, in conse-
quence of existing difficulties, to incur additional
expense. The then Secretary of the Treasury
