APPENDIX
10 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate &£ Ho. op Reps.
This is the first number of the Appendix to the Congres-
sional Globe for this session—the first of the Thirty-
Fourtli Congress.
The work will be stereotyped, and therefore those who
may subscribe hereafter, during this session, will get all the
number;-.; but after this session has ended, the price will
be increased to such a sum as will pay for reprinting from
the plates.
The Congressional Globs and Appendix and Laws
will not be sold separately, as they were a few years ago.
When separated they did not give general sarisfaclTon, as a
subscriber for one would frequently want the other when
too late to furnish him with the back numbers. Therefore
the Congressional Globe and the Appendix and the
Laws will all lie sold together. A man who may think he
has not the money to spare to purchase the whole, may get
a club to join him.
The price for the whole for this session is $6. They all
go free by mail.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF *THE UNITED STATES.
Fellotc-Citizens of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives:
The Constitution of the United States provides
that Congress shall assemble annually on the first
Monday of December, and it has been usual for
the President to make no communication of a
public character to the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives until advised of their readiness to
receive it. I have deferred to this usage until the
close of the first month of the session, but my
convictions of duty will not permit me longer to
postpone the discharge of the obligation enjoined
by the Constitution upon the President " to give
to the Congress information of the state of the
Union, and recommend to their consideration
such measures aa he shall judge necessary and
expedient."
It is matter of congratulation that the Republic
is tranquilly advancing in a career of prosperity
and peace.
Whilst relations of amity continue to exist be-
tween the United States and all foreign Powers,
with some of them grave questions are depending,
which may require the consideration of Congress.
Of sucli questions, the most important is that
which has arisen out of the negotiations with
Great Britain in reference to Central America.
By the convention concluded between the two
Governments on the 19th of April, 1850, both
parties covenanted, that " neither will ever"
" occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, or
exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central
America."
It was the undoubted understanding of the
United States in making this treaty, that all the
present States of the former republic of Central
America, and the entire territory of each, would
thenceforth enjoy complete independence; and
that both contracting parties engaged equally,
and to the same extent, for the present and for
the future, that if either then had any claim of
right in Central America, such claim, and all oc-
cupation or authority under it, were unreservedly
relinquished by the stipulations of the conven-
tion; and that no dominion was thereafter to be
New Series—No. 1.
I exercised or assumed in any part of Central Amer-
' ica by Great Britain or the United States.
This Government consented to restrictions in
regard to a region of country wherein we had spe-
cific and peculiar interests, only upon the convic-
tion that the like restrictions were in the same
sense obligatory on Great Britain. But for this
understanding of the force and effect of the con-
vention, it would never have been concluded by us.
So clear was this understanding on the part of
the United States, that, in correspondence co-
temporaneous with the ratification of the conven-
tion, it was distinctly expressed, that the mutual
covenants of non-occupation were not intended
to apply to the British establishment at the Ba-
lize. This qualification is to be ascribed to the
fact, that, in virtue of successive treaties with
previous sovereigns of the country, Great Britain
had obtained a concession of the right to cut ma-
hogany or dye-woods at the Balize, but with
positive exclusion of all domain or sovereignty;
and thus it confirms the natural construction and
understood import of the treaty as to all the rest
; of the region to which the stipulations applied..
I It, however, became apparent, at an early day
! after entering upon the discharge of my present
functions, that Great Britain still continued in
the exercise or assertion of large authority in
all that part of Central America commonly
called the Mosquito coast, and covering the en-
tire length of the State of Nicaragua, and a part
of Costa Rica; that she regarded the Balize as
her absolute domain, and was gradually extend-
ing its limits at the expense of the State of Hon-
duras; and that she had formally colonized a
considerable insular group known as the Bay
Islands, and belonging, of right, to that State.
All these acts or pretensions of Great Britain,
being contrary to the rights of the States of
Central America, and to the manifest tenor of her
stipulations with the United States, as under-
stood by this Government, have been made the
subject of negotiation through the American Min-
ister in London. I transmit herewith the instruc-
tions to him on the subject, and the correspondence
between him and the British Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, by which you will perceive that the two
Governments differ widely and irreconcilably as
to the construction of the convention, and its
effect on their respective relations to Central
America. '
Great Britain so construes the convention as
to maintain unchanged all her previous preten-
sions over the Mosquito coast, and in different i
parts of Central America. These pretensions, |
as to the Mosquito coast, are founded on the
assumption of political relation between Great '
Britain and the remnant of a tribe of Indians on
that coast, entered into at a time when the whole I
country was a colonial possession of Spain. It ]
cannot be successfully controverted that, by the j
public law of Europe and America, no possible
act of such Indians or their predecessors could
confer on Great Britain any political rights. j
Great Britain does not allege the assent of Spain !
as the origin of her claims on the Mosquito coast.
She has, on the contrary, by repeated and suc-
cessive treaties, renounced and relinquished all
pretensions of her own, and recognized the full
and sovereign rights of Spain in the most un-
equivocal terms. Yet these pretensions, so with-
out solid foundation in the beginning, and thus
repeatedly abjured, were, at a recent period, re-
vived by Great Britain against the Central Amer-
ican States, the legitimate successors to all the
ancient jurisdiction of Spain in that region.
They were first applied only to a defined part of
the coast of Nicaragua, afterwards to the whole
of its Atlantic coast, and lastly to a part of the
coast of Costa Rica; and they are now reasserted
to this extent, notwithstanding engagements to
the United States.
On the eastern coast of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica, the interference of Great Britain, though
exerted at one time in the form of military occu-
pation of the port of San Juan del Norte, then in
the peaceful possession of the appropriate au-
thorities of the Central American States, is now
presented by her as the rightful exercise of a
protectorship over the Mosquito tribe of Indians.
But the establishment at the Balize, now reach-
ing far beyond its treaty limits into the State of
Honduras, and that of the Bay Islands, apper-
taining of right to the same State, are as distinctly
| colonial governments as those of Jamaica or Can-
| ] ada, and, therefore, contrary to the very letter as
11 well as the spirit of the convention with tne United
States, as it was at the time of ratification, and
now is understood by this Government.
The interpretation which the British Govern-
ment, thus in assertion and act, persists in as-
cribing to the convention, entirely changes its
character. While it holds us to all our obliga-
tions, it in a great measure releases Great Britain
from those which constituted the consideration
of this Government for entering into the conven-
tion. It is impossible, in my judgment, for the
United States to acquiesce in such a construction
of the respective relations of the two Governments
to Central America.
To a renewed call by this Government upon
Great Britain to abide by and carry into effect
the stipulations of the convention, according to
its obvious import, by withdrawing from the
possession or colonization of portions of the
Central American States of Honduras, Nicara-
gua, and Costa Rica, the British Government has
at length replied, affirming that the operation of
the treaty is prospective only, and aid not re-
quire Great Britain to abandon or contract any
possessions held by her in Central America at
the date of its conclusion.
This reply substitutes a partial issue, in the
place of the general one presented by the United
States. The British Government passes over the
question of the rights of Great Britain, real or
supposed, in Central America, and assumes that
she had such rights at the date of the treaty, and
that those rights comprehended the protectorship
! of the Mosquito Indians, the extended jurisdiction
I and limits of the Balize, and the colony of the Bay
! Islands, and thereupon proceeds by implication
1 to infer that, if the stipulations of the treaty be
; merely future in effect, Great Britain may still
continue to. hold the contested portions of Central
i America. The United States cannot admit either
