APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the inference or the premises. We steadily deny
that, at the date of the treaty, Great Britain had
any possessions there, other than the limited and
peculiar establishment at the Balize, and main-
tain that, if she had any, they were surrendered
by the convention.
This Government, recognizing the obligations
of the treaty, has of course desired to see it exe-
cuted in good faith by both parties, and in the
discussion, therefore, has not looked to rights
which we might assert, independently of the
treaty, in consideration of our geographical posi-
tion and of other circumstances, which create for
us relations to the Central American States dif-
ferent from those of any Government of Europe.
The British Government, in its last communi-
cation, although well knowing the views of the
United States, still declares that it sees no reason
why a conciliatory spirit may not enable the two j
Governments to overcome all obstacles to a satis-
factory adjustment of the subject. j]
Assured of the correctness of the construction 1
of the treaty constantly adhered to by this Gov-
ernment, and resolvtfd to insist on the rights of
the United States, yet actuated also by the same
desire which is a vowed by the British Govern-
ment, to remove all causes of serious misunder-
standing between two nations associated by so
many ties of interest and kindred, it has appeared
to me proper not to consider an amicable solution
of the controversy hopeless.
There is, however, reason to apprehend, that,
with Great Britain in the actual occupation of the
disputed territories, and the treaty therefore prac-
tically null, so far as regards our rights, this inter-
national difficulty cannot long remain undeterm-
ined, without involving in serious danger the
friendly relations which it is the interest as well
as the duty of both countries to cherish and pre-
serve. It will afford mo sincere gratification, if
future efforts shall result in the success antici-
pated heretofore with more confidence than the
aspect of the case permits me now to entertain.
One other subject of discussion between the
United States ana Great Britain has grown out of
the attempt which the exigencies of the war in
which she is engaged with Russia induced her
to make, to draw recruits from the United States.
It is the traditional and settled policy of the
United States to maintain impartial neutrality
during the wars which, from time to time, occur
among the great powers of the world. Perform-
ing all the duties of neutrality towards the re-
spective belligerent States, we may reasonably
expect them not to interfere with our lawful en-
joyment of its benefits. Notwithstanding the
existence of such hostilities, our citizens retain
the individual right to continue all their accus-
tomed pursuits, by land or by sea, at home or
abroad, subject only to such restrictions in this
relation, as the laws of warrthe usage of nations,
or special treaties, may impose; andit is our sov-
ereign rignt that our territory and jurisdiction
shall not be invaded by either of the belligerent
parties, for the transit of their armies, the opera-
tions of their fleets, the levy of troops for their
service, the fitting oat of cruisers by or against
either, or any other act or incident of war. And
these undeniable rights of neutrality, individual
and national, the United S&tea will under no cir-
cumstances surrender.
TT1" Prance of this policy, the laws of the
United States do not forbid their cltlftos to sell
to either of the belligerent Powers artiliij contra-
band of war, or to take munitions of war er:soi-
diers on board their private ships for transport!*
tion, and although, in so doing, the individual
nf tV.enieXp°IeS iUS Pr,°Perty °r person to some
n f ar )var> hls acts do not involve any
"£U°r" neutrality> "or of themselves
implicate the Government. Thus, during the
P™f,css of the present war in Europe, our citi-
ens have, without national responsibility there-
for, sold gunpowder and arms to all buyers re-
merchant 1 deSti,nation of those articles. Our
w t" Tie £en' and sti11 continue to be,
largely employed by Great Britain and by France
Sttgrp3' provisions, and munitions
tionT iY - P,nnCIP.al seat of military opera-
woun'rW J?- br,1?SlnS h°me their sick and
^ ®oldiers; but such use of our mercan-
tile marine   „ot interdicted either by ™n,er-
national, or by our municipal law, and therefore
does not compromit our neutral relations with
Russia.
But our municipal law, in accordance with the
law of nations, peremptorily forbids, not only
foreigners, but our own citizens, to fit out, within
1U V ^IIVIU)  --- ^
the limits of the United States, avessel to commit
hostilities against any State with which the
United States are at peace, or to increase the
force of any foreign armed vessel intended for
such hostilities against a friendly state.
Whatever concern may have been felt by either
of the belligerent Powers lest private-armed
cruisers, or other vessels, in the service of one,
might be fitted out in the ports of this country
to depredate on the property of the other, all
such fears have proved to be utterly groundless.
Our citizens have been withheld from any such
act or purpose by good faith, and by respect for
the law.
While the laws of the Union are thus peremp-
tory in their prohibition of* the equipment or arm-
ament of belligerent cruisers in our ports, they
provide not less absolutely that no person shall,
within the territory or jurisdiction of the United
States, enlist or enter himself, or hire or retain
another person to enlist or enter himself, or to go
beyond the limits or jurisdiction of the United
States with intent to be enlisted or entered, in the
, service of any foreign State, either as a soldier,
| or as a marine or seaman on board of any vessel
of war, letter of marque, or privateer. And
I these enactments are also in strict conformity
, with the law of nations, which declares, that no
j State has the right to raise troops for land or sea
service in another State without its consent, and
that, whether forbidden by the municipal law or
not, the very attempt to do it, without such con-
sent, is an attack on the national sovereignty.
Such being the public rights and the municipal
law of the United States, no solicitude on the sub-
ject was entertained by this Government, when,
( a year since, the British Parliament passed an act
j to provide for the enlistment of foreigners in the
| military service of Great Britain. Nothing on
j the face of the act, or in its public history, ?ndi- j
cated that the British Government proposed to 1
attempt recruitment in the United States; nor did -
it ever give intimation of such intention to this
Government. It was matter of surprise, there-
fore, to find, subsequently, that the engagement
. of persons within the United States to proceed to
Halifax, in the British province of Nova Scotia
; and there enlist in the service of Great Britain'
I was going on extensively, with little or no dis-
i guise. Ordinary legal steps were immediately
taken to arrest and punish parlies concerned, and
so put an end to acts infringing the municipal
: law and derogatory to our sovereignty. Mean-
' while suitable representations on the subject were
addressed to the British Government.
it became known, by the admission
of the British Government itself, that the attempt
to ttraw recruUs from this country originated with
it, or, at least*had its approval and sanction: but
it also appeared that the public agents en a«>-ed in
it had " stringent instructions" not to violate the
municipal law of the Unitod States.
It is difficult to understand how it should have
been supposed that troops could be raised here
by Great Britain, without violation of the muni-
cipal law. The unmistakable object of the law
i was to prevent every such act, which, if per-
i n?e,r' TUSt either in vi°lation of the law, or
L t T°a it; and, in either alterna-
tive, the act done would be alike injurious to the
sovereignty of the United States.
tiAV • me?n the matter acquired addi-
SWtance,' -by the recruitments in- the
cWeSnf^n0;br"!diTntinUed' and the dis-
ur>on a friL 5 1 J1 °y were prosecuted
ity tha?^V1C Plan,fdevlsed by official author- !
ny, ttiat resulting rendezvous had been omened
in our principal cities, and depots for the receD
r °l rC,rUlt9 established on our frontLr aTd
SioAtd wr* co,;,iucte<l;
nffiTL ■ 7 , regular cooperation of British 1
officer, civil and military, some in the North
! fc1CanThP;°VinCef'-an^ Some the United
States. The co h ^ offi **
attitude of neutrality, and disregarding our terri-
torial rights, is conclusively proved by the evi-
dence elicited on the trial of such of their agents
as have been apprehended and convicted. Some
of the offirers thus implicated are of high official
position, and many of them beyond our jurisdic-
tion, so that le°;al proceedings could not reach 'lie
r\r thn ty\ldnniot
 } £5 . ^
source of the miscnief.
These considerations, and the fact that the
cause of complaint was not a mere casual occur-
rence, but a deliberate design, entered upon with
full knowledge of our laws and national policy,
and conducted by responsible public functionaries,
impelled me to present the case to the British
Government, in order to secure, not only a ces-
, sation of the wrong, but its reparation. The
subject is still under discussion, the result of
which will be communicated to you in due time.
I repeat the recommendation submitted to the
last Congress, that provision be made for the ap-
pointment of a commissioner, in connection with
Great Britain, to survey and establish the bound-
ary line, which divides the Territory of Wash-
ington from the contiguous British possessions.
By reason of the extent and importance of the
country in dispute, there has been imminent dan-
ger of collision between the subjects of Great
Britain and the citizens of the United States, in-
cluding their respective authorities ill that quar-
ter. The prospect of a speedy arrangement has
contributed hitherto to induce on both sides for-
bearance to assert by force what each claims as
a right. Continuance of delay on the part of the
two Governments to act in the matter will increase
the dangers and difficulties of the controversy.
Misunderstanding exists as to the extent, char-
acter, and value of the possessory rights of the
Hudson's Bay Company, and the property of the
Puget's Sound Agricultural Company, reserved
in our treaty with Great Britain relative to the
Territory of Oregon. I have reason to believe
that a cession of the rights of both companies to
the United States, which would be the readiest
means ofterminating all questions* can be obtained
on reasonable terms; and, with a view to this
j end, I present the subject to the attention of Con-
;; gress.
1 The colony of Newfoundland, having enacted
the laws required by the treaty of the 5th of June,
1854, is now placed on the same footing, in re-
spect to commercial intercourse with the United
States, as the other British North American prov-
inces. r
The commission, which that treaty contem-
, plated, for determining the rights of fishery in
rivers and mouths of rivers on the coasts of the
United States and the British North American
provinces, has been organized and has commenced
its labors; to complete which there is needed
further appropriations for the service of another
season.
In pursuance of the authority conferred by a
resolution of the Senate of the.United States,
parsed on the 3d of March last, notice ivas given
to Denmark, on the 14th day of April, of the in-
tention of this Government to avail itself of the
Stipulation of the subsisting convention of friend-
&,C°mme/C£ a"d. "action, between that
Kingdom and the United States, whereby either
party might, after ten years, terminate the same
at the expiration of one year from the date of
notice for that purpose.
• The considerations which led me to call the
dnreH °/ConSressJto that convention, and in-
?- d h! S®Pate to adopt the resolution referred
to, still continue in full force. The convention
contains an article which, although it does not
, directly engage the United States to submit to
the imposition of tolls on the vessels and canoes
dnrl™^ passin£lnt0 or from the Baltic sea
durin0 the continuance of the treaty, yet mav
by possibility, be construed as implying such
inSsTified h ex-ctio1? of>hose tolls not be-
free to act m the premises in such way as then-
public interests and honor shall demand
* £®ma*1! °X opinion that the United States
ought not to submit to the payment of the Sound
dues, not so much because of their amount, which
