1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 113
28, 1850, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and. referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WIJNrSLOW,by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill
for the relief of Thomas B. Steele, passed assist-
ant surgeon of the Navy of the United States;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow,and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. KNOWLTON, .by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of J. C. G-. Kennedy; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business, and will make objec-
tion to all other business out of order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of resolutions reported
from a select committee relating to the privileges
of this House; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Allison] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I have
conversed with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and he is willing that, as this day is set apart for
the consideration of private business, I shall move
that the further consideration of the resolutions
under consideration be postponed until Monday
n^xt, and that the House proceed to act on the
bills on the Private Calendar. There are one
hundred and forty eases on if.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Thu regular order of busi-
ness has been called for, and 1 object to anything
else.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
has yielded, that 1 may submit the motion to
postpone.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us get through with one
thing at a time. Finish the business under con-
sideration before we go to anything else.
Mr. MeMULLIN. Is the motion lo postpone
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. I will not consume the time of the
House by discussing the propriety of considering,
at this tune, the long list ot private bills on the
Private Calendar. It n< eds no discussion; the pro-
Criety of the proceeding is evident to every mem-
or. We have considered but one case of a pri-
vate nature on any of the objection days since
our sessions b^gan; and that, m my opinion, was
one of the most outrageous bills that we have
passed at the picsent session. Is it not our duty
to consider the bills of private claimants on the
day, at least, set apart for their consideration by
the rules of the House? Most assuredly; and,
sir, I do not think there is a single member to
object to what is proposed. On Monday we can
take up this question of alleged privilege, and go '
on to its decision.
Mr. CllAIGE. The Chair says that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor
on the regular order of business. If so, how,
then, under the ruling of the Chair, can that gen-
tleman farm the floor out to the gentleman fiom
Alabama? Without unanimous consentcan the
giMiikman from Alabama take the floor to make
the motion to postpone > Can the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to another member that lie
may make a spee< h ?
IUr. MeMULLIN. Yes, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania yielded to the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama, to make a motion to post-
pone, but n^tto make a speech.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is ^rititled to the floor on the resolutions
relating fo the alleged assault on a Senator from
Massv;husi>nK> by amemberof this House. He
yie!u-- ihe iloor to the gentleman from Alabama
to m.ike a motion io postpone the further consul-
eratioii c.i' thus,;- resolutions, and on that motion j
tiie ui fioux Alabama is eutithd to the I
ilooi; va/ii tnfit raotum is decided—if negatived j
—tne gentleman lrom Pennsylvania resumes the !
iloor
,*LVr' That cannot be.
Ihe SPLAh.FR, The question will arise at
the propu time.
Mr. ALLISON. The floor is not yielded to
the gentleman from Alabama to make a speech.
Mr. COBB. I will not make a speech. I sub-
mit the motion to postpone.
Mr. MeMULLIN. 1 appeal to the House at
once to decide the question regularly before the
House. There is a charge pending against a
member of this body. It is a grave one--that he
has infringed the privileges of this House—and
ought to be immediately decided. He is in judg-
ment before this House and the country. The
report of the select committee to investigate the
matter has been under discussion for two days.
Arguments have been made on the other side which
demand instant answer from this side. Why?
then, interrupt the trial at this stage? Let us
proceed with it; let the decision be had as soon
as possible; and then, Mr. Speaker, I shall be
found ready to go with the gentleman from Ala-
bama to the consideration of the bills on the
Private Calendar. I hope the House will not
agree to the motion to postpone.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay the
motion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to postpone,
and must be voted on.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
THE SUMNER ASSAULT.
Mr. ALLISON then took the floor, and ad-
dressed the House on the assault on Mr. Sumner,
and in favor of the report of the committee. He
contended that the House ought not to hesitate
in the proper discharge of its duties His remarks
will be found m the Appendix.
Messrs. BOCOCK, SIMMONS, and WINS-
LOW, addressed the House at length also upon
the subject under consideration. Their remarks
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. EDIE. 1 am glad, Mr. Speaker, that after
two days of determined etfort on my part, I have
succeeded in obtaining the floor. And yet, for the
short time that I will occupy the attention of this
House, it was hardly worth while to give myself
so much trouble. I shall not occupy the atten-
tion of the House more than ten minutes. But
I shall endeavor to gratify the gentleman fiom
Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] in avoiding any discus-
sion of the slavery question. There is'enough,
sir, in the consideration of the question before
us, in its importance, to compel us to look at it
without looking at anything else And yet, sir,
; the discussion of this question can be had in a
i very few minutes.
| I am sorry I cannot gratify the gentleman from
j North Carolina [Mr. Cijngman] to the same ex-
j tent that I am able to gratify the other gentleman,
! for I cannot look upon this question as a mere
| personal question. There is something more than
! mere personality in and about this question. I
cannot, therefore, gratify that gentleman m look-
ing on this discussion as a personal one. And I
am iquaily sorry that I cannot agree with both
the boid ^uulemen from Georgia. [Messrs. Cobb
and Foster,] who endeavored to explain away
the meaning of the Constitution of the United
States, contrary to the plain English import of
the words used in that instrument. I shall not
discuss this question, either, by a reference to
musty English precedents. I "find the power
which this House proposes to exercise, in the
Constitution. I go nowhere else for it.
Sir, the facts in this case, necessary to its just
determination, needed no committee to report
them to the House; at least, so far as the princi-
pal actor wets concerned. They have not been
denied. They are conceded, and stand out with a
specialprommence that prevents our overlooking
them. They may be taken as guide-posts in the
consideration of the resolutions reported by the
committee, and may enable us to arrive at safe
and correct conclusions. They are, first, a Sen-
ator, the representative of a sovereign State,
sitting m his seat in the Senate-house, was per-
sonally attacked and beaten by a member of this
body; and, second, that this personal violence
was inflicted for, or on account of, words spoken
in debate on a question under consideration in
the Senate of the United States.
I freely admit, that so far as the public wrong
connected with the commission of the assault and
battery, either with or without intent to kill, is
concerned, the member of this body guilty of the
battery must be left to answer in the criminal
courts of the country for the offense; and that
neither we nor the Senate can inflict punishment
for the beating. Neither do I care, sir, whether
the violence used was of an aggiavated character
or not, so far as the merits of the controversy now
in hand are concerned.
There is, however, a question that underlies all
this—a question of more importance to the Amer-
ican people than even the life of a Senator, were
he the most distinguished in the nation; and that
is the right of an American congressman to dis-
cuss, in the body to which he may belong, such
questions as may seem, in his judgment, to de-
mand discussion, in such way and by the use of
such parliamentary phraseology, as he may deem
proper, without any other responsibility than
what he owes to his constituents for the faithful
discharge of duty. Sir, when any one undertakes
to strike down a member of the National Legis-
lature for words spoken m debate—for an official
act*around which the protection of the Constitu-
tion is thrown, it is our duty to look beyond the
mere assault and battery to the violence inflicted
upon the Constitution itself—to the great wrong
inflicted upon the people in the person of their
representative.
Sir, the organic law of the nation declares that
Senators and Representatives, " for any speech
or debate in either House, shall not be questioned
in any other place;" and yet, in the case now
before us, a member of this tlouse, undertakes to,
and does, inflict personal chastisement upon a
member of the other branch, on account of some
insult, or supposed insult, not intended for the
member himself, but believed by him to be in-
tended for his State and for his relative—this in-
sult t>r supposed insult having been uttered by
the Senator in a speech made in his place in the
! Senate Chamber. Sir, undertaking to chastise
| a Senator for words spoken in debate, is, in my
I judgment, " putting him to question in another
I place;" and hence violence is done to the Con-
| stitution, as well as to the freedom of debate which
j it assures to the people in the persons of their
Representatives and Senators. If this be the cor-
rect view of this question, then the House should
not hesitate to inflict its severest punishment on
*he offending member. I go further, sir; in my
poor judgment, I hold that any attempt to abridge
the freedom of legislative debate, by force or vio-
lence, either as intimidation before the debate
occurs, or as punishment after the words have
been spoken in debate, is such " disorderly beha-
vior" upon the part of the member committing
it, as to demand the prompt action of the body
in its own purgation.
I shall not undertake to argue at length the
power of this House to pass the resolutions re-
ported by its committee. It is not necessary to
go into an examination of the musty precedents
to be found in the records of the English Parlia-
ment. The case before us can be safely rested
upon other grounds. When we find a constitu-
tional provision guarantying the right of free de-
bate—when we see this provision and* the com-
mon law violated for the purpose of punishing a
Senator for the fearless exercise of this constitu-
tional privilege, we naturally look about us to see
how members of Congress may be protected in
this their right granted for the benefit of their con-
stituents; and, in making this examination, we
find that each House may punish its members
for disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence
of two thirds, expel a member." Now, sir, it is
wholly unnecessary to go into an elaborate argu-
ment to show what disorderly behavior is, or
whether or not that " disorderly behavior" must
be committed during the sitting of the body pro-
posing to punish it. It is enough for the argu-
ment to know that the instrument authorizing us
to punish for "disorderly behavior," in not fix-
| ing the metes and bounds of the offense by a
definition, left the power to define in the same
hands with the power to punish: and if. in the
exercise of this discretion confided to us by the
i Constitution, we shall bring within the definition
, ofdisorderly behavior" all violent and forcible
i attempts to abridge the right of free legislative
1 debate, who in all this broad land will blame or
i censure us? Sir, in my opinion, we owe it to
i ourselves, for the protection of our rights—we
j owe it to the nation, in the defense of a great con-
! stitutional privilege, to pass the resolution of
