1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
expulsion reported by our committee; and, much
as I may regret the necessity of so doing, I am
constrained to vote for its passage.
Mr. CULLEN obtained the floor; but by con-
sent of the House, and on tiie condition that he
would be entitled to the floor to-morrow, he
yielded to Mr. Giddings.
Mr. ENGLISH ottered the following amend-
ment to the amendment of Mr. Cobb; which was
read for information:
Rc<olue<1, That tbi^ House hereby declare its disappro-
bation of the assault made by the Hon. Prf>ton P.rooks
upon the Hon. Charlks Sumner, in the Senate Chamber,
on the 2-2d day of May, 1&36 ; and the House deem tiu^ a
fit occasion to express its disapprobation ot the u-e of lan-
guage. m debate, ot a character personally often-siye to in-
dividual members of Congress, oi to any of the States of
tins Union.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to offer that amend -
ment as a substitute for the ponding amendment.
The SPEAKER. It can only be received by
general consent.
Several Member* objected.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it not in order,
Mr. Speaker, as a substitute for the fust propo-
sition ?
The SPEAKER. A substitute for the original
proposition has been offered by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Conn,] and js pending. It is
in order to am-md the amendment.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. That is the question
which I understand was presented by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. ENGLISH. If it is in order to amend the
amendment, i now submit the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be received by general consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Olno. i object. I did
not understand my colleague [Mr. Gidpivgs] to
have yielded for the purpose of amendment at
all.
Mr. KELSEY. I give notion thatT shall ofior
the following amendment, to come in immediately
after the preamble, if the amendment of Mr.
Cobb is voted down :
Resolved, That "aid Frrstov S. Brooks has Ven guilty
of disorderly conduct, and oi a breach of the pnviieg^s of
the Senate and of this Heine.
Mr. GIDDINGS then addressed the House for
an hour. His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. CULLEN. I move that the House do now
adjourn. i
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle- !
man from Delaware to withdraw that motion for ;
a moment, and I will renew it. 1
Mr. CULLEN wnhdiew the motion.
Mr. CAMPJSELL. 1 d^ire to ^ay to the
House that I shall make an effort, at the close of
the session of to-morrow, to bring this matter to
a close, by moving the previous question, with a
view to have the vote taken on Monday morning.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House, of May IP,
]356, m relation to the number of captains and
commanders requisite to perform certain duties
therein specified, and in respect to certain other
officers and duties; which was referred to the
Committee on Kaval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. HAVEN, (at ten
minutes past five o'clock, p. m..) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 1*3, 1S56.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Damel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSAULT OX SENATOR SUMNER.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of the resolutions
repoited by the select rommittee to investigate
the alleged assault upon Senator S(\\jxer by Mr.
Brooks; the pending qu<jsfion being on the amend-
ment of Mr, Cobb, of Georgia.
On tnis question, the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. CYllenJ was entitled to the floor.
LAWS OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Dela-
ware to yield me the floor for a moment, to give j
notice to the House that, as soon as possible j
after this question shall be disposed of, 1 propose ;
to call up .the motion now pending, to recon- ;
sider the vote by which was referred to the Com- j
mittce of the Whole on the state of the Union j:
the bill declaring invalid the pretended laws of j,
Kansas. i
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. j:
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from j
Delaware allow me a moment? There is an ap- j
propnation bill on the Speaker's table that has .[
been sent back here with amendments from the >:
Senate, and I ask the unanimous consent of the
House tli.it it may be taken up and referred to i,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the !j
Union. _ J
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No. !|
71) making appropriations for the current and 1
contingent expenses of the Indian department, |;
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va- j|
rious tribes of Indians, for the year ending June !j
3U, 1857, with the Senate amendments thereto, was |j
tnken from the Speaker's table and referred to the I;
Committee of the Whole on the state of the lj
Union. e
TITLES OF LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the consent of the
gentleman from Delaware, who has the floor, and
tfie consent of the House, to have Senate bill
(No. 318) now on the Speaker's table, printed.
The bill simply provides for the settlement of
conflictingtuks to lands in Arkansas; and I only
desire, not that it be taken from the Speaker's i
table, but that it may be printed. ,
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
JUAILS BETWEEN NEW YORK AND GLUCK-
STADT.
Mr. STEPHENS, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill j
directing the Postmaster General to niter into a 1
contract with Christian Hansen, of Brooklyn, i
New York, for the tiansportation of the United |
States mail, from the poi t of Nl w York to Gluck- ;
stcult, on tiie conttfi'Mit of Europe; which was
I referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
' Post Roads.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I ask the unan-
| imous consent of the House that leave be granted
i for the withdrawal from the foes of the House of
the papers in the ca^e of Elijah Bostwick, that they
may be returned to the party.
Mr. READY. I dislike to object, but I think it
has been the universal practice of the House to
refuse such applications, and allow only copies to
be taken.
The SPEAKER. It is the custom of the House
to order that copies of the papers be left on file,
i Mr. OLIVER. Well, I am content with that.
I There hems: no obp etion, leave way granted.
•1 Mr. OLIVER. I desire, also, to have the
! papers in the ease of Anfome Robinson tnken
■ from the files of the Committee of the \\ hole
! House, and referred to the Committee on Mih-
! tnry Affairs. I midmntaud it is necessary to have
! an order of the House for that purpose,
i Mr. McMULLIN. i would a^k if these papers
ha\e bnii referred by order of the House to the
- Committee of the Whok Houeer
| Mr. OLIVER. Yu..
Mr. MeAlULLIN, Then I ask why they are
to he token li'om th.i! committee and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs ?
Air. OLIVER. There"isanothermatterpend-
, ing before the Committee on Military Ahairs. in
| whi'Mi it is necessary that these papers be used.
| There b"ing no objection, leave was granted.
' Mr. DICK, by unanimous consent, introduced
i a bill to divide'tiie State of Penns\hania into
three judicial districts; which was re-ad a iir*t
and second time, and referred to the Committee
; on the Judiciary.
' ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER—AGAIN*
j Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand,
' Air. Speaker, th.it there are a number of gentle-
1 men here who desire to be heard on the rcsolu-
:| tions in relation to the assault on Mr. Sumner.
i [ am exceedingly anxious to have the matter
closed to-day, and therefore I wish to say to the
|j House that, if it will give its consent that the
resolutions maybe taken up on Monday morning,
to be acted on under the operation of the previous
question, we may continue the discussion until
late in the evening, so as to enable every gentle-
man, who desires to speak, to be heard on it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I shall not object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, provided
he will allow me to submit an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I shah probably have an
amendment to offer myself to the original reso-
lution, and I do not wish to have the matter too
much trammeled.
| Mr. BOCOCK. It maybe that the gentlemen
: who are implicated in this matter may want to
: submit some remarks to the House. I merely
; wish to know from the gentleman from Ohio
! whether, if they think proper to do so, they will
! have the privilege of saying something to the
I House in their own defense after the previous
! question will have been seconded ?
! Mr. CAMPBELL. Undoubtedly.
| Mr. C0A1INS. I desire to sav, that if the
i gentleman from South Carolina [Air. Brooks]
] wishes to address the House, I hope that he will
i have an opportunity to do so; and should the
j debates of to-day continue until a late hour, that
! he will not be compelled to speak this evening,
; but will be permitted to speak on Monday morn-
. mg, if he so desires.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think there is any
: necessity for any understanding of this sort, if
i the gentleman from Ohio desires to call the pre-
: vious question, I have no doubt that the House
' will sustain him in it to-day. As far as I am
concerned, I am prepared to vote for the previous
question now. I object to these understandings
' so long ahead; for new matter may be thrown in
1 which would involve other considerations, and
| induce other gentlemen to desire to submit some
| views to the House. I have no doubt that the
{ previotfS question can be sustained whenever the
[ gentleman desires to move it. It could have been
sustained for the last two or three days. I there-
| fore object to any arrangements being entered
I into.
; Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say thatl shall"
I move the previous question on Monday morning,
' the fii&t thing after the Journal is read, with the
i understanding that, if any of the parties impli-
j cated desire to be heard, I will withdraw the call
!' for their benefit, and not for the benefit of any
II other member.
Mr. AIcAlULLIN. I desire, then, to say, that
if the previous question is to be moved and sus-
tained on Monday morning, I hope gentlemen,
in the speeches that are to be made, will be con-
fined sti'ictlyto the subject under consideration,
h is well known that, up to this time, there has
been much inelevant discussion.
The SPEAKER. It js the right of the gentle-
man from Virginia to confine gentlemen to re-
marks that are strictly in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. With the consent of the
gentleman from Delaware, I desire to ofler an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am willing that the
amendment may be read for information.
The amendment was read, as follows:
RcsoivC!U That t!m Hou-e hereby declare it* disappro-
bation ot the a=-auii made bv the lion. Proton S Brooks
upon tin- Hon. Ciiarlls Sumner, ni the Senate Chancer,
on the 23d dav of May, 1806 ; and the IJoiwi deem tate a
lit DCLd-ion to expry 5* it- disapprobation <U trie urc of laii-
gnaa". 1:1 deh-t?^. c''r. -l.n.act^r personally otfen^iy? to in-
dividual members of Cougiess, or to an} of tiie States of
tb\& t num.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to ask
I for information whether, if this amendment is
j introduced, it will prevent me from moving to
' amend the original resolution offered by the nut-
't joi-itv of the committee?
The SPEAKER. _ It will not preclude an
amendment to the original resolution m the na-
ture of perfecting it. The Ch.nr will say, that
the omendmentof the gentleman from Indiana
>t be received, excent bv unanimous eon-
, excent by unanimous e
leman from Delaware oecuj
pis
can no
sent, while the gentleman f
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the gentleman from
Delaware yields for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Delaware lias no right to yield the
floor for that purpose, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
