APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 31,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Experience, gathered from events which have
transpired since my last annual message, has but
served to confirm the opinion then expressed of i
the propriety of making provision, by a retired !
list, for disabled officers, and of increased com-
pensation to the officers retained on the list for
active duty. All the reasons which existed when
these measures were recommended on former oc-
casions, continue without modification, except so
far as circumstances have given to some of them
additional force.
The recommendations, heretofore made for a
partial reorganization of the Army are also re-
newed. The thorough elementary education
given to those officers who commence their ser-
vice with the grade of cadet, qualifies them, to a
considerable extent, to perform the duties of every
arm of the service; but to give the highest effi-
ciency to artillery requires the practice and special
study of many years; and it is not, therefore,
believed to be advisable to maintain, in time
of peace, a larger force of that arm than can be
usually employed in the duties appertaining to the
C.lj A   *:n.i  rrii.„ J__.' _
| four hundred and nine acres; of which the portion
| sold was fifteen million seven hundred and twen-
ty-nine thousand five hundred and twenty-four
acres, yielding in receipts the sum of $11,485,380.
In the same period of time, eight million seven
hundred and twenty-three thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-four acres have been surveyed; but,
in consideration of the quantity already subject
to entry, no additional tracts have been brought
into market.
The peculiar relations of the General Govern-
ment to the District of Columbia renders it proper
to commend to your care not only its material,
but also its moral interests, including education,
more especially in those parts of the District out-
side of the cities of Washington and Georgetown.
The commissioners appointed to revise and
codify the laws of the District have made such
progress in the performance of their task, as to
insure its completion in the time prescribed by
the act of Congress. (
Information has recently been received that the !
peace of the settlements in the Territories of
  /  1 w uuvtvu -W ^.vwvv V* wvurinm.inio 111 tUv XblllkUlICO
service of field and siege artillery. The duties jj Oregon and Washington is disturbed by hostil-
of the staff in all its various branches belong to !(ities on the part of the Indians, with indications
the movements of troops, and the efficiency of an I of extensive combinations of a hostile character
viiivuio VI UIU * VI tui
army in the field would materially depend upon
the ability with which those duties are discharged.
It is not, as in the case of the artillery, a special-
ity, but requires, also, an intimate knowledge of
the duties of an officer of the line, and it is not
doubled that, to complete the education of an
t rvl^U Ata 4 U   f. — _ J. I. _ I i*VV « . •
zr ~ ' V -no cuutttuuii ui an i; ittAen, wnicn, it is oeiievea, will r
officer for either the line or the general staff, it is " and afford protection to our citizens
aesirable that he shall havft s^rvpH in hnth i Tr  zr  *i__.
,   "I'V u* wiv old
desirable that he shall have served in both. With
this view, it was recommended on a former occa-
sion that the duties of the staff should be mainly
performed by details from the line; and, with
conviction of the advantages which would result
from such a change, it is again presented for the
consideration of Congress.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy,
herewith submitted, exhibits in full the naval
operations of the past year, together with the
present condition of the service, and it makes
suggestions of further legislation, to which your
attention is invited.
The construction of the six steam frigates, for
which appropriations were made by the last
Congress, has proceeded in the most satisfactory
manner, ana with such expedition, as to warrant
Uie belief that they will be ready for service
e5jV.ln ^le coming spring. Important as this
addition to our naval force is, it still remains in-
adequate to the contingent exigencies of the pro-
tection of the extensive sea-coast and vast com-
mercial interests of the United States. In view
ment. The municipal and social institutions of
each, its laws of property and of personal rela-
! tion, even its political organization, were such
only as each one chose to establish, wholly with-
out interference from any other. In the language
of the Declaration of Independence, each State
had "full power to levy war, conclude pcaee,
contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do
all other acts and things which independent States
may of right do." The several colonies differed
in climate, in soil, in natural productions, in re-
ligion, in systems of education, in legislation,
and in the forms of political administration; and
they continued to differ in these respects when
they voluntarily allied themselves as States to
carry on the war of the Revolution.
The object of that war was to disinthrall the
United Colonies from foreign rule, which had
proved to be oppressive, and to separate them
permanently from the mother country: the po-
litical result was the foundation of a Federal
Republic of the free white men of the colonies,
constituted, as they were, in distinct and recip-
rocally independent State governments. As for
; the subject races, whether Indian or African, the
wise and brave statesmen of that day, being en-
gaged in no extravagant scheme of social change,
left them as they wc/e, and thus preserved them-
selves and their posterity from the anarchy and
the ever-recurring civil wars which have pre-
vailed in other revolutionized European colonies
of America.
When the confederated States found it con-
nrts nrpmri,vY T7n L'",''""T uecu venient t° modify the conditions of their asxocia-
acts prejudicial to good older, but as yet none ; tion, by giving to the General Government direct
to overcome and suppress i c^erislf the hnnJ ' % necessary and proper to the execution
however, that the occurrence of any such PUIToses>or>other words, to retain
toward event will be prevented bv the sound ' r, m as possible, consistently with those,
sense of the people of tl?e Territory who bvit Ptoses, of the independent Powers of the in-
organic law, possessing the right to determine i States. For objects of common defense
their own domestic if stitut£ are enS ! ^ ?e General Gov"
while deporting themselves peacefully to thp I f ,, certain carefully-defined functions, leav-
1 *■
Such is the constitutional theory of our Gov-
niTlPMt. tliA i/ o? _ /* i. • i >
among the tribes in that quarter, the most serious
in their possible effect by reason of the unde-
termined foreign interests existing in those Terri-
tories, to which your attention has already been
especially invited. Efficient measures have been
taken, which, it is believed, will restore quiet,
In the Territory of Kansas there have been
♦ o nromninin I + r>n« J A..J 1 a _ . . <
, .  "fa""* w*** inuob uc UlUWJUUJU.
in the enjoyment of it, without interference on
the part of the citizens of any of the States.
lhe southern boundary line of this Territory
has never been surveyed and established. The
rapidly extending settlements in that region, and
the tact that the main route between Independence,
in the State of Missouri, and New Mexico, is
rnntimiAiio K     ,i . .
of this fart anH nftU* i in\xew in tne fctate ox Missouri, and Now Mexico iq
act of Congress to promote the efficiency of the
vitai/to Wilt! euicumcy oi me
JNavy, it is unnecessary for me to say more tV  n
to express entire concurrence in the observations
reporf jeCt Presented by the Secretary in his
sr. s-TSAi:
portation during that year was $674&5Sl greater
than the previous year. Much of the heavy ex-
penditures, to which the Treasury is thu/rob-
lected. tn h/> 3 . 800
_   mvwiy Ul UUI JJCOV-
ernment, the practical observance of which has
carried us, and us alone among modern republics
through nearly three generations of time without
W--W1to^one dr P °f blood shed in civil war.
With freedom and concert of action.it has en-
abled us to contend successfully on the battle-
he d against foreign foes, has elevated the feeble
colonies into powerful States, and has raised our
industrial productions, and our commerce which
transports them, to the level of the richest and
the greatest nations of Europe. And the admir-
able adaptation of our political institutions to
their objects, combining local self-government
tielbijffre?at%Strength' S e3tablislied the prac-
ticability of a Government like ours to cover a
continent with confederate States.
V'r® ConSress the United States is, in effect
mTh( OlfwS w K0Vere'Snu"S which S°od men'
Ittl [°r' b.ut "ever
a tt Pas,sedin review the general state j
.V1® Jr".10n' 1"clud'na such particular concerns '
of the Federal Government, whether of domestic !
°'*oreMp elation, as it appeared to me desirable '
and useful to bring to the special notice of Con- !
Ynhke th® g«at States of Europe and I
Asia, and many of those of America, these Uni-
making an' ex^y,;^S^H,OT^'348':!3?' ii JW* "°^o^ 1
of $2,626,206; and that the cwTof i' fTT or Pub,JC dissatisfaction exists is at- ! tion imparts to America an exemp-
greater' , or^cilen^^rg^rntm^^ pTS' ! fr0m the
of s
consist, to a great extent, of eLggeration of fn-
evitable evils, or over zeal in social improvement
or mere imagination of grievance, having but re-
mote connection with any of the constitutional
jected is to be ascribed to the Tar^TqHtKf
frant0^ conveyed hY the mails, eUher
franked, or liable to no postage by law, or to v^rv
in^ptf08 of Postage compared with that charged
on letters; and to the great cost of mail service
on railroads and by ocean steamers. The sug-
gestions of the Postmaster Genera] on the subject
deserve the consideration of Congress J
The report of the Secretary of the Interior will
engage your attention, as well for useful "^3-
iT^?°nUT' as for the interes' and lmport-
SS 116 subjects to which they refer.
the l«e«flgrefate amountofpubUc land sold during
land l0Cated ?ith military scrip of
andseff WAerfor roads,
frnm fUa .7 ,tus,ucii,u' common act 1011,
trom the wars, the mutual invasions, and vague
aspirations after the balance of power, which Mn
time< Govei™ .s°„f
, Europe. Our cooperative action rests in tl,o
conditions of permanent confederation prescribed
| by the Const,tution. Our balance of powers in
, the separate reserved rights of the States and
their equal representation in the Senate That
frmlWtlateVer cxtent thcse questions" exhibTt"a ™ u ■'sovereignty in every one'of the
tendency menacing to the stability of the Consti ' wlth lts reserved rights of local self-o-ov
tution or theintegrity of the Union, and no further ^ e assured to each by their coequal power
they demand the consideration of the Executive' L p "atR.' was the fundamental condition of
PreSented ^ to Congress ^°hnSt,tUtl°i- , WAthoUt Union wouM
' 8ti n !f thlr,teen colonies became a confeder- However desirous the larger
I only by communkf'ff' ^ Were ^sociated I ® ^ the Governments
Is t0vffVe l,u their P0P«]atio« its proportionate
weight m the common councils, they knew it
was impossible, unless they conceded to th*
smaller ones authority to exercise nt wTt 1
live influence on all Ve '0?Z gS"
ernment, whether legislative or executive, through
