1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate &; Ho. of Reps.
their equal representation in the Senate. Indeed,
the larger States themselves could not have failed
to perceive that the same power was equally ne-
cessary to them for the security of their own
domestic interests against the aggregate force of
the General Government. In a word, the original
States went into this permanent league on the
agreed premises of exerting their common
strength for the defense of the whole, and of all
its parts; but of utterly excluding all capability
of reciprocal aggression. Each solemnly bound
itself to all the others neither to undertake nor
permit any encroachment upon, or intermeddling
with, another's reserved rights.
_ Where it was deemed expedient, particular
rights of the States were expressly guarantied
by the Constitution; but, in all things beside,
these rights were guarded by the limitation of the
powers granted, and by express reservation of
all powers not granted, in the compact of union.
Thus, the great power of taxation was limited to
purposes of common defense and general welfare,
excluding objects appertaining to the local legis-
lation of the several States, and those purposes
of general welfare and common defense were
afterwards defined by specific enumeration, as
being matters only of correlation between the
States themselves, or between them and foreign
Governments, which, because of their common
and general nature, could not be left to the sepa-
rate control of each State.
Of the circumstances of local condition, inter-
est, and rights, in which a portion of the States
constituting one great section of the Union dif-
fered from the rest, and from another section, the
most important was the peculiarity of a larger
relative colored population in the southern than
in the northern States.
A population of this class, held in subjection,
existed in nearly all the States, but was more
numerous and of more serious concernment in
the South than in the North, on account of natural
differences of climate and production; and it was j
foreseen that, for the same reasons, while this i
population would diminish, and sooner or later
cease to exist in some States, it might increase
in others. The peculiar character and magnitude
of this question of local rights, not in material '
relations only, but still more in social ones, caused
it to enter into the special stipulations of the Con-
stitution.
Hence, while the General Government, as well
by the enumerated powers granted to it, as by
those not enumerated, and therefore refused to it,
was forbidden to touch this matter in the sense
of attack or offense, it was placed under the gen-
eral safeguard of the Union, in the sense of de-
fense against either invasion or domestic violence,
like all other local interests of the several States. 1
EacB State expressly stipulated as well for itself
as for each ana all of its citizens, and. every citi-
zen of each State became solemnly bound by his
allegiance to the Constitution, that any person
held to service or labor in one State escaping
into another should not, in consequence of any
law or regulation thereof, be discharged from
•such service or labor, but should be delivered up
on claim of the party to whom such service or
labor might be due by the laws of his State.
Thus, and thus only, by the reciprocal guar-
antee of all the rights of every State against in-
terference on the part of another, was the present
form of government established by our fathers
and transmitted to us; and by no other means is
it possible for it to exist. If one State ceases to
respect the rights of another, and obtrusively in-
termeddles with its local interests—if a portion
of the States assume to impose their institutions
on the others, or refuse to fulfill their obligations
to them—we are no longer united friendly States,
but distracted, hostile ones, with little capacity
left of common advantage, but abundant means
of reciprocal injury and mischief.
Practically, it is immaterial whether aggressive
interference between the States, or deliberate re-
fusal on the part of any one of them to comply
with constitutional obligations, arise from erro-
neous conviction or blind prejudice, whether it
be perpetrated by direction or indirection. In
either case, it is full of threat and of danger to
the durability of the Union.
Placed in the office of Chief Magistrate, as the
executive agent of the whole country, bound to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed,
and especially enjoined by the Constitution to
give information to Congress on the state of the
Union, it would be palpable neglect of duty on
my part to pass over a subject like this, which,
beyond all things at the present time, vitally con-
cerns individual and public security.
I It has been matter of painful regret to see
States, conspicuous for their services in founding
this Republic, and equally sharing its advantages,
disregard their constitutional obligations to it.
Although conscious of their inability to heal ad-
mitted and palpable social evils of their own, and
which are completely within their jurisdiction,"
they engage in the offensive and hopeless under-
taking of reforming the domestic institutions of
other States wholly beyond their control and
authority. In the vain pursuit of ends, by them
entirely unattainable, and which they may not
legally attempt to compass, they peril the very
existence of the Constitution, and all die count-
Jess benefits which it has conferred. While the
people of the southern States confine their atten-
tion to their own affairs, notpresuming officiously
to intermeddle with the social institutions of the
northern States, too many of the inhabitants of
the latter are permanently organized in associa-
tions to inflict injury on the former, by wrongful
acts, which would be cause of war as between
! foreign Powers, and only fail to be such in our
system, because perpetrated under cover of the
Union.
It is impossible to present this subject as truth
and the occasion require, without noticing the
reiterated, but groundless allegation, that the
South has persistently asserted claims and ob-
tained advantages in the practical administration
of the General Government, to the prejudice of
the North, and in which the latter has acquiesced.
That is, the States, which either promote or tol-
erate attacks on the rights of persons and of prop-
erty in other States,to disguise their own injustice,
( pretend or imagine, and constantly aver, that they,
whose constitutional rights are thus systematic-
ally assailed, are themselves the aggressors. At
the present time, this imputed aggression, resting,
as it does, only in the vague, declamatory charges
of political agitators, resolves itself into misap-
prehension, or misinterpretation, of the principles
and facts of the political organization of the new
Territories of the United States.
What is the voice of history ? When the ordi-
nance, which provided for the government of the
territory northwest of the river Ohio, and for its
eventual subdivision into new States, was adopted
in the Congress of the Confederation, it is not to
be supposed that the question of future relative
power, as between the States which retained, and
those which did not retain, a numerous colored
I population, escaped notice, or failed to be consid-
! ered. And yet, the concession of that vast terri-
tory to the interests and opinions of the northern
States—a territory now the seat of five among
the largest members of the Union—was, in great
measure, the act of the State of Virginia and of
the South.
When Louisiana was acquired by the United
States, it was an acquisition not less to the North
than to the South; for while it was important to
the country at the mouth of the river Mississippi
to become the emporium of the country above it,
so also it was even more important to the whole
Union to have that emporium; and although the
new province, by reason of its imperfect settle-
ment, was mainly regarded as on the Gulf of
Mexico, yet, in fact, it extended to the opposite
boundaries of the United States, with far greater
breadth above than below, and was in territory,
as in everything else, equally at least an acces-
sion to the northern States. It is mere delusion
and prejudice, therefore, to speak of Louisiana as
an acquisition in the special interestof the South.
The patriotic and just men who participated in
that act, were influenced by motives far above
all sectional jealousies. It was ir\ truth the great
event which, by completing for us the possession
of the valley of the Mississippi, with commercial
access to the Gulf of Mexico, imparted unity and
strength to the whole Confederation, and attached
together by indissoluble ties the East and the
West, as well as the North and the South.
As to Florida, that was but the transfer by
Spain to the United States of territory on the east
side of the river Mississippi, in exchange for large
territory, which the United States transferred to
Spain on the west side of that river, as the entire
diplomatic history of the transaction serves to
demonstrate. Moreover, it was an acquisition
demanded by the commercial interests and the
security of the whole Union.
In the mean time,thepeople of theUnited States
had grown up to a proper consciousness of their
strength; and in a brief contest with France, and
in a second serious war with Great Britain, they
had shaken off all which remained of undue
reverence for Europe, and emerged from the at-
mosphere of those transatlantic influences which
surrounded the infant Republic, and had begun
to turn their attention to the full and systematic
development ofthe internal resources of the U nion.
Among the evanescent controversies of that
period the most conspicuous was the question of
regulation by Congress of the social condition of
future States to be founded in the Territory of
Louisiana.
The ordinance for the government of the ter-
ritory northwest of the river Ohio had contained
a provision which prohibited the use of servile
labor therein, subject to the condition of the ex-
tradition of fugitives from service due in any
other part of the United States. Subsequently
to the adoption of the Constitution, this provision
ceased to remain as a law; for its operation as
such was absolutely superseded by the Constitu-
tion. But the recollection of the met excited the
zeal of social propagandism in some sections- of
the Confederacy; and when a second State, that
of Missouri, came to be formed in the Territory
of Louisianajproposition was made to extend
to the latter Territory the restriction originally
applied to the country situated between the rivers
Ohio and Mississippi.
Most questionable as was this proposition in
all its constitutional relations, nevertheless it
j received the sanction of Congress, with some
modifications of line, to save the existing rights
of the intended new State. It was reluctantly
j acquiesced in by southern States as a sacrifice to
I the cause of peace and of the Union, not only
j of the rights stipulated by the treaty of Louisi-
j ana, but of the principle of equality among the
States guarantied by the Constitution. It was
received by the northern States with angry and
resentful condemnation and complaint, because it
did not concede all which they had exactingly
demanded. Having passed through the forms
of legislation, it took its place in the statute-
book, standing open to repeal, like any other act
of doubtful constitutionality, subject to be pro-
nounced null and void by the courts of law, and
possessing no possible efficacy to control the
rights of the States which might thereafter be
organized out of any part of the original territory
of Louisiana.
In all this, if any aggression there were, any
innovation upon preexisting rights, to which por-
tion of the Union are they justly chargeable?
_ This controversy passed away with the occa-
sion, nothing surviving it save the dormant letter,
of the statute.
But, long afterwards, when, by the proposed
accession of the Republic of Texas, the United
States were to take their next step in territorial
freatness, a similar contingency occurred, and
ecame the occasion for systematized attempts to
intervene in the domestic affairs of one section of
the Union, in defiance of their rights as States
and of the stipulations of the Constitution. These
attempts assumed a practical direction, in the
shape of persevering endeavors, by some of the
Representatives in both Houses of Congress, to
deprive the southern States of the supposed ben-
efit of the provisions of the act authorizing the
organization of the State of Missouri.
But the good sense of the people and the vital
force of the Constitution triumphed over sec-
tional prejudice and the political errors of the
day, and the State of Texas returned to the Union
as she was, with social institutions which her
people had chosen for themselves, and with ex-
press agreement, by the reannexing act, that she
should be susceptible of subdivision into a plu-,
rality of States.
