1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. " -
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, 10 whom was referred the bill (S. No. 329)
to amend an act entitled "An act to extend
i preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
; tioned," approved March 3, 1853, reported it
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it ought not to pass.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No 10?) to provide for three months' extra pay
to the third regiment of Missouri volunteers,
reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II, R. No. 272) for the
relief of the heirs of the late Colonel John Har-
din, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, moved that
the Committee on Military Aifairs be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Thomas 0. Xelby, and that it be referred to the
Court of Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, moved that
the Committee on Military Affairs be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Brevet Colonel John L. Gardner; which was
agreed to.
He als.o,from the same committee, to whom
were inferred papers relating to the claim of
Major James Belger, submitted an adverse report;
"which Was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph Hill, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. N o. 37(5) for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
34?) for the final adjudication of questions of
title to swamp lands between private claimants
and the State of Louisiana, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN BOSTON.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, early in the
session my colleague introduced a bill concerning
the eourt-fiouse and post office in the city of Bos-
ton. That bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The committee reported adversely,
and the bill now lies on the table. I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to take up the bill, accept
the report of the committee, and have it disposed
of. I move that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
h.df.r the bill (S. No. 65) for the construction of
a suitable building for a court-house and post
office at Boston, ft proposes to direct the Sec-
retaiy of the interior to cause to be constructed a
suitable building for the accommodation of the
courts of the United Slates, and the post office in
the city of Boston, and appropriates £.500,000 for
that purpose. No money is to be applied to this
purpose until the right to the site of the building
shall be v<sted in the United States, and until the
State relinquishes to the United States the right to
tax: or assess the site or property while the Uni-
ted States is the owner.
Mr. BUTLER. Who reported that bill? I
understand it was the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toucey,] and he is not here.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to con-
curring in the report of the committee. I simply
want to have the subject disposed of. I do not
know that anybody will disagree with the re-
port of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been reported from the Committee on the Judi-
cial y adversely. it is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
me n t.
Air. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts suggests that the Senate concur m the
adverse' i eport of the committee.
Mr. STUART. The bill must be passed upon,
and I mo\e us indefinite postponement.
The motion was agieed to.
J. R. POWELL.
Mr. FITZ PATRICK. I ask the Senate to in- i
dulge nic by taking up the bill, (S. No. 35b,) re- j
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and j
Post Roads, for the relief of J. It ^Powell. I do
not think its consideration will occupy much time.
It has been long on the Calendar, and I should
like to have it disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Post-
master General to pay a leasonable compensation
to J. R. Powell for extra services performed on
mail route No. 5585, made necessary by imposing
on that route a larger mnil than was contemplated
at the time of making the contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARTER OF GEORGETOWN.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 353) to amend the charter of George-
town. A committee from Georgetown waited
upon me this morning, and advised me that, un-
less we passed it to-day or to-morrow, the House
committee could not act on it this session, it is
a mere amendment to their charter, about which,
I suppose, nobody cares but themselves.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
353) to amend the charter of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill gives the corporation of Georgetown
authority to impose an annual school tax of one
dollar upon every free white male citizen of the
age of twenty-one ycars;and it gives to such per-
sons the elective franchise, ltalso provides reg-
ulations for conducting elections, and prescribes
punishments fui violations of law.
Mr. BROWN. The bill is several sections
long, and relates exclusively to the regulations of
Georgetown. It is prepared by the Mayor and
Aldermen of that city, and met the approbation
of a majority of the voters there—1 beheve nearly
everybody of both parties. I suppose it is not
necessary to consume time by reading it in full.
There being no objection, the reading of the
bill at length was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered tube en^iossed for a. thhd
reading, read the third time, and. passed.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES.
On tlic motion of Mr. GEYER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of ti bill (II. It. No. 99) to amend an
act to provide for the payment of horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the military service
of the United States, approved March 3, 1841).
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with the following amendments:
After the words, "Tli.it the above recncd net bo, and the
same n hereby, so amended as to embiace flic claims of,"
in tiic ill ft section, to atiike out the lollovvini*:
Any field, or -staff,or other ofik'ei oi the i ejjular Army, or
of any Mich officer or pnv.ite of the mounted nnhtiu-nvn,
volunteer ianger, or eavahy, who ha- ^ii-tained, or &haJl
s-u-tam, damage, without any i.iuif or negligence on his
pait, wmJe m said semce, by the iii>aHdonni«iit <u depute-
non of any hoise, oi hoi-esnnd equipage, oi eithei, by the |
Older of the commanding geuei.tl, orotnei commanding
or superior officer, or quaiteuiKi-ier or by the Jo-~ of a
horse, or iior-es and equip,ure, oi eiihci. in consequence j
ot Ins be ins: unable to proeute a suihcu'iit supply el nna^e, :
notwithstanding bo may have i<>oi i \ < d cm mi mutation Uk-ic-
loi, or in eonM-qucnec of li,\vuiLr sold, .itundom d, oi other-
wise di-po-ed o! hi- horse. oi hor-i'~ and equipage, or
either, becausc oideied by hi-> eonnnand:n£ oificei to eni-
baik and leave the s*ame, and the L'uited States failed to
supply tian^poitruion therefor, or by bavins, by order of the
commanding geneidl, or othei commanding or supeuor offi-
cer, mined owr his lior-e, or hoi si and equipage, or either,
to any quaitcr'navtor or othei .mthomcd agent of the Tin-
ted States, wlieihor a iceeipc thoicioi h [voduced or not;
or by having iiddcn he> 1ioim\ or having tin hor>e ridden on
express, bv order of bis commanding gyneial, or othei com-
manding or supeuor officer,
-And mseit the ioliou :
All peit-oiif eiuim'iiutd theiein. feu t quip eje ]o«?t or dc-
stiojud in themihran a.eivieo of the United jStares-, without
an v lault or negligence on their pan.
Lea\ ins the follow mg prov i-o u-, in the original bill:
Provided. That in she adjudication and -erlenient of the
cl urns under tu- aer. and to the act to which it amend-
atory, the settlement tvitu the paynn-t'-i at the tmi" ot uic
<h-eha>ueor the soldier shall be, and i« lieu by, dedaicd
final and coneiu-ivo Jo; and aiam-r uie Government ami
the claimant. tar as relates to tiie u>e, rifk, and oi his
hoi-e, and loi forage.
The eoimaiuee also propose to amend the sec- |
ond section by striking out the words within '
brackets, and inserting; those printed in italics; '
Sec. 2. Jlndhcit farther cnaded, That the adjudication
and settlement of any and ail claim* under tbi< act, or the '
act to which it is amendatory, is the master or pay-rolls
do not show theIosse«s, then it shall be competent to estab-
lish the fact of loss by the evidence required by tlie rules
pcos-cribed by the Secretary of Wai, under the act to which
thn act is amcndatoiy; or if sue!) evidence cannot be ob-
tained, by rc<tsOi. of the death oi absence of such witnesses
from the State ot their residence, the testimony of any other
officer, or ot two privates of the company to which the
claimant belonged, who.-e credibility-.hall be certified bv
(the officers by whom the testimony k takon] the probate
jit'isc or county clcr.'c of the county in which the said witnesses
reside, shall be deemed sufficient.
The third section the committee propose to
amend by striking out the proviso:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That m auditing and
settling the chums provided for in thu act, and the act to
which it is amendatory, an appeal mav be taken and prose-
cuted from the decision of the auditoi, whether iieictotore
or hereafter made, reacting the claim, to the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, whose decision shall b^ conclusive :
[Provided, That where horses or otlier pioperty may have
been sold in the cases mentioned m the fir&t section'of thn
act, the amount received by the owner thereof at such sale
shall be deducted fioin the value of the property as ascer-
tained by the auditor.]
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that this is a
bill which changes the rule of evidence in rela-
tion to these horse cases, and one which may
affect the Treasury to some extent. I never
heard of the bill before. I think it had better be
laid over to give us some opportunity for an
examination of it. I shall not object to its being
called up to-morrow. I hope it will be postponed
till to-morrow; and X make that motion.
Mr. GEYER. I will state to the Senator from
Virginia what are the changes made in the bill.
As it came from the House, some new cases
were proposed in relation to officers of the regular
Army. That is proposed to be stricken out by
the Senate committee. The bill contains one
proviso which makes a material change in the
existing laws, confining it to tho old cases, and
including equipage. This proviso will be under-
stood in a moment by the reading of it:
Provided, That in the adjudication and settleinpnt of the
claims under this act, and the act to which it is amcndatoiy,
the settlement with the paymaster at the time of the dis-
charge of the soldier shall be, arid is h reby, declared final
and conclusive for and against the Government and the
claimant, so far as. lelates to the use, risk, and lo->s of his
lior-e. and lor foiage.
That is the material provision of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
11 NATHAN M. LOUNSBURY.
j I Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate to consider a little
;! pension bill reported by the Committee on Pen-
j1 sions the other morning. It is the bill (S. No.
j 345) for the relief of Nathan M. Lounsbury.
ji The motion was agreed to: and the Senate pro-
'! ceeded, as in Committeeofthe Whole, to consider
|| the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
!j War to pay to Nathan M. Lounsbury, of Rut-
j! land county, Vermont, $756, being at the rate of
eight dollars per month, for arrears of pension,
I! from the 18th of March, 1818, to the 4th of Feb-
;! ruary, J826.
Mr. P'OOT. Mr. President, I will simply re-
peat what I stated on the introduction of the hill:
j that this petitioner is now one hundred and one
! years of age; that with six brothers he served
during the revolutionary war, no one of whom
■ has ever received a dollar, except himself, from
the Government; that he made application for a
j1 pension under the act of 1838, immediately upon
:i its passage; that in consequence of the difficulty
of procuring the requisite evidence of a service
!1 in accordance with the rules and regulations of
I the Department, he did not succeed in getting his
! name placed on the roll until the 4th of February,
I 182f>. He simply asks, and this bill proposes to
; pay to him, the amount of eight dollars a month
■ | from the time his application was made on the
'' passage of tho law, until his name was placcd on
, the roll. He is now living, at the age ofonehun-
| dred and one years, on eight dollars a month,
which is insufficient for his comfortable support.
.1 in consideration of his age and of his services
' during the revolutionary war, and of his having
made every effort within his power to ho placed
j' upon the roll immediately upon the passage of
; that act, I trust the Senate will accord to him this
lutle nine fur his rehef in his old a^e.
: Mr. TOOMBS. This case may be as merito-
rious as the Senator from Vermont says it is, but
there were hundreds of thousands of cases under
the then law of the land, and the regulations of
