APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Whatever advantage the interests of the south-
ern States, as such, gained by this, were far infe-
rior in results, as they unfolded in the progress
of time, to those which sprang from previous con-
cessions made by the South.
To every thoughtful friend of the Union,—to
the true lovers of their country,—to all who longed
and labored for the full success of this great ex-
periment of republican institutions,—it was cause
of gratulation that such an opportunity had oc-
curred to illustrate our advancing power on this
continent, and to furnish to the world additional
assurance of the strength and stability of the
Constitution. Who would wish to see Florida j
still a European colony ? Who would rejoice to
hail Texas as a lone star, instead of one in the j
galaxy of States? Who does not appreciate the
incalculable benefits of the acquisition of Louisi-
ana ? And yet narrow views and sectional pur-
poses would inevitably have excluded them all
from the Union.
But another struggle on the same point ensued
out anotner struggle on tne same point ensued 10 legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
when our victorious armies returned from Mexico, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
S)nH it r\n Ponrrpnaa tn nrnriHn fr r flio i I thf>rPn#* nppfnftKr tr\ <Vv  *v* onA
repeal through contradictory enactments. They
had been practically abrogated by the legislation
attending the organization of Utah, New Mexico,
and Washington. If any vitality remained in
j; them, it would have been taken away, in effect,
by the new territorial acts, in the form originally
proposed to the Senate at the first session of the
fast Congress. It was manly and ingenuous, as
well as patriotic and just, to do this directly and
plainly, and thus relieve the statute-book of an
act which might be of possible future injury,
but of no possible future benefit; and the meas-
ure of its repeal was the final consummation and
complete recognition of the principle, that no por-
: tion of the United States shall undertake, through
. assumption of the powers of the General Govern-
ment, to dictate the social institutions of any other
portion.
The scope and effect of the language of repeal
were not left in doubt. It was declared m terms
to be " the true intent and meaning of this act not
to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
  iVyWVi IV UO U1 UUCOIC^UI ilVUliyili
and it devolved on Congress to provide for the
territories acquired by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. The great relations of the subject had
now become distinct and clear to the perception
of the public mind, which appreciated the evils
of sectional controversy upon the question of the
admission of new States. In that crisis intense
solicitude pervaded the nation. But the patriotic
impulses of the popular heart, guided by the ad
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
The measure could not be withstood upon its
merits alone. It was attacked with violence, on
the false or delusive pretext that it constituted a
breach of faith. Never was objection more ut-
terly destitute of substantial justification. When,
before, was it imagined by sensible men, that a
T*r>OM11 fltliro A  /InnlaMdhTTA  i. J
itujjuima yji uic ucan,guiueu uy uw «u- , uerore, was it imagined oy sensible men, that a
monitory advice of the Father of his Country, , regulative or declarative statute, whether enacted
rose superior to all the difficulties of the incor- n ten or forty years ago, is irrepealable—that an
poration of a new empire into the Union. In the , act of Congress is above the Constitution ? If, in-
- councils of Congress there was manifested ex- deed, there were in the facts any just cause to im-
treme antagonism of opinion and action between , pute bad faith.it wouldattach to those only who
some Representatives, who sought by the abusive 11 have never ceased, from the time of the enact-
and unconstitutional employment of the legisla- | ment of the restrictive provision to the pifsent
tive powersi of the Government to interfere in the ;i day, to denounce and to condemn it; who have
condition of the inchoate States, and to impose i J constantly refused to complete it by needful sup-
their own social theories upon thelatter;and other i plementary legislation; who have spared no ex-
Kepresen tatives who repelled the interposition of ertion to deprive it of moral force; who have them-
the General Government in this respect, and selves again and again attempted its repeal bv
maintained the u^Jf-c°nstituting rights of the J| the enactment of incompatible provisions; and
! who, by the inevitable reactionary effect of their
| own violence on the subject, awakened the country
States. In truth, the thing attempted was, in
form alone, action of the General Government,
while in reality it was the endeavor, by abuse of
legislative power, to force the ideas of internal
policy entertained in particular States upon al-
lied independent States. Once more the Consti-
tution and the Union triumphed signally. The
tiom on the disputed point, and were thus left to
judge in that particular for themselves; and the
sense of constitutional faith proved vigorous
enough in Congress not only to accomplish this
to perception of the true constitutional principle,
! of leaving the matter involved to the discretion of
| the people of the respective existing or incipient
i States.
It is not pretended that this principle, or any
ripr. r rAf 1nrlocj  : i _ •  . • *
Zlontit0TSWte7 without restric- i
tiom on the disputed point, and were thus Vft tn i: f-lv, lpr, ?e>
j • i a . r . jji. ciV-ViUt. j
disturbed, as political action is liable to be, by
human passions. No form of government is ex-
empt from inconveniences; but in this case they
!"<; oT'nirati„„p„f. "-ggSZSi
to be charged to the great principle of popular
sovereignty: on the contrary, they disappear be-
fore the intelligence and patriotism of the people,
exerting through the ballot-box their peaceful
and silent but irresistible power.
If the friends of the Constitution are to have
another {Struggle, its enemies could not present a
more acceptable issue, than that of a State, whose
constitution clearly embraces " a republican form
But the true princ^,'£™d i, f,drl? exduded the Union
Territory to regulate its ownla^rtof labor afrnrr) U lts domestic institutions may not in all
ing to its own sense of right and eipediencv had" ' nnT c°mP°rt with the ideas of what is wise
acquired fast hold of the public judgLent^o such Frih I™ entertained m some other State,
a uePTPP. that hv -7l lo suc" I ■frc,sil fr?m groundless imputations of breach of
Tflltn ao-sinct .. 'n
therein, that fact of itself constitutes the disrup-
tion of union between it and the other States.
But the process of dissolution could not stop
there. Would not a sectional decision, producing
such result by a majority of votes, either north-
ern or southern, of necessity drive out the op-
pressed and aggrieved minority, and place m
I presence of each other two irreconcilably hostile
confederations?
II It is necessary to speak thus plainly of pro-
!' jects, the offspring of that sectional agitation
, now prevailing in some of the States, which are
as impracticable as they are unconstitutional, and
which, if persevered in, must and will end ca-
lamitously. It is either disunion and civil war,
or it is mere angry, idle, aimless disturbance
j of public peace and tranquillity. Disunion for
J what? If the passionate rage of fanaticism and
| partisan spirit did not force the fact upon our at-
I tention, it would be difficult to believe that any
i considerable portion of the people of this en-
lightened country could have so surrendered them-
selves to a fanatical devotion to the supposed
interests of the relatively few Africans in the
United States, as totally to abandon and disregard
the interests of the twenty-five millions of Amer-
icans,—to trample under foot the injunctions of
moral and constitutional obligation,—and to en-
gage in plans of vindictive hostility against those
who are associated with them in the enjoyment of
the common heritage of our national institutions.
Nor is it hostility against their fellow-citizens
of one section of the Union alone. The interests,
the honor, the duty, the peace, and the prosperity
of the people of all sections are equally involved,
and imperiled in this question. And are patriotic
men in any part of the Union prepared, on such
an issue, thus madly to invite all the consequences
of the forfeiture of their constitutional engage-
ments ? It is impossible. The storm of phrensy
and faction must inevitably dash itself in vain
t against the unshaken rock of the Constitution. 1
: shall never doubt it. I know that the Union is
; stronger a thousand times than all the wild and
chimerical schemes of social change, which are
. | generated, one after another, in the unstable
! minds of visionary sophists and interested agita-
j tors. I rely confidently on the patriotism of the
<! people, on the dignity and self-respect of the
: States, on the wisdom of Congress, and above
' all, on the continued gracious favor of Almighty
God, to maintain, against all enemies, whether at
ji home or abroad, the sanctity of the Constitution
and the integrity of the Union.
: FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, December 31, 1855.
of the statute for the extradition of fugitives
irom service, as to place that public duty under
the safe-guard of the General Government, and
thus relieve it from obstacles raised up bv the
legislation of some of the States.
Vain declamation regarding the provisions of
law for the extradition of fugitives from service*
"With occasional episodes of frantic effort to ob-
struct their execution by riot and murder, con-
tinued, for a brief time, tor agitate certain localities
Hill, tho 1 ♦  i
  T V l 1 c to sucl
a degree, that, by common consent, it ^as ob-
Washington.6 °rganization of the of
When, more recently, it became requisite to
organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas
at was the natural and legitimate, if not the inev-
itable, consequence of previous events and legis-
u5 4i jamLe great and sound principle,
which had already been applied to Utahand New !
Mexico, should be applied to them—that they I
should stand exempt from the restrictions pro- !
posed in the act relative to the State of Missouri !
fv refr'c ons were, in the estimation of !
many thoughtful men,.null from the beginning !
unauthorized by the Constitution, contrary to tlfe I
treaty stipulations for the cession of Louisiana '
Thev WWUh-the ,ecluality of the States.'
bV nerSi,ti^effSt.npp0d °f a11 moral authority
by persistent efforts to procure their indirect
~ . , .   ,   ui ureacn 01
iaith against others, men will commence the agi-
tation of this new question with indubitable vio-
lation of an express compact between the inde-
ESJ'°LerelSn,.P°yers of the United States
Repuwic of Texas, as well as of the
older and equally solemn compacts, which assure
the equality of all the States.
But, deplorable as would be such a violation
quencTlw US6 [' Md in, a11 its direct con-
volved wv.18 7ery. k'aat of the evils w-
lucleeded in fen-SeC 0nul- nPItators sh«" have
tensfons In ^Kl)g 0,1 lssue' can P™-
wTnot i'Jfr1 I counter*Pretensions ?
w ut not aitierent States be compelled resrwt-
lvely, to meet extremes with extremes?' And if
forthh^T" TV7 iU P°int' w^at is that so far
forth b„t dissolution of the Union? If a new
S ate, formed from the territory of the Unked
States, be absolutely excluded from admission
i REPORT OF THE SECRETARY 07 THE
! INTERIOR.
Department of the Interior,
December 3,1855.
Sir: I have the honor to submit to you a brief
history of the operations, during the past year, of
this Department. It is one of the largest in the
trovernment. Its branches are numerous and
extensive, and in no respect homogeneous; hence
the Jabor is the more perplexing and intense.
Many interesting and important questions rela-
tive to the public lands have arisen, and the busi-
ness of the General Land Office has so increased,
that it has required all its energy and ability to
answer promptly and satisfactorily the urgent
demands of the public; but it has been so well
, ™eUe?ciditaionPerhapS' ^ WaU WaS Dever in
I Jhe suryeys have been vigorously prosecuted,
, 1nelf,y-organizedTerritories,
j recdvTd ad^ valuable reports have been
The quantity of land ready to be brought into
market during the coming year will be large, and,
added to that now subject to private entry, will
SXtaSi!" "npIe to ,ke ™"
It has been the endeavor of the Land Office
in executing the graduation law, to protect and'
at the same Ume, promote, as far as practicable
tn niH l-trt act"al bona fidt settler> and
to aid as little as possible the schemes of the
mere speculator. The law was intended to
