16
TttEOONGRESSIO^lL'aLOBE.
December 11.
Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust. Sari-
didge^ Savage, Seward, Shorter, SamneJ-A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens,- -Stewart; Talbott-, Taylor, Vail, Warner,
Watkms, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Henry M. Fvller—Messrs. Ball, Broom, Bay-
ard Clark, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Foster, J. Morrison
Ricaud, Rivers, Scott, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood,
Valk, Whitney, and Zollitfoffer.
F<yr Mr. Zotlicoffer—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Cox,
and Lake.
For Mr. Folk—Mr. Carlile.
For Mr. Etheridge—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Havens-Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Walker—Mr. Eustis.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Carlile—Mr. Humphrey Marshall.
For Mr. Loiter—Mr. Moore.
For Mr. Thomas J. D. Fuller—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. William R. Smith.
For Mr. Smith—Mr- Walker. *
For Mr. Williams—Mr, Wheeler.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "Call the roll 1"] '
Mr. MORGAN. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were" ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Thorington were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 102, noes 95.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly, at ten minutes past three o'clock,
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday* December 11, 1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. EVANS. The Senate will recollect that
a few days ago my colleague [Mr. Butler J was
admitted to his seat in the Senate without pro-
ducing the usual testimony of election. I now
beg leave to present his credentials.
The credentials wore read, and ordered to be
placed on file.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASS. I desire to give notice that, im-
mediately after the opening of the Senate to-
morrow, 1 shall ask the body to proceed to the
election of the standing committees of the Senate.
SERVICES OF GENERAL SCHUYLER.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am re-
quested by Mrs. Catharine Van Rensselaer
Cochran, widow of James Cochran, deceased, to
present her petition; and I do it at an early day
m the session, before $hc complete organization
of the body, because of her advanced age. Mis.
Cochran is the only living child and immediate
representative of General Philip Schuyler, of the
revolutionary war. She might have set forth in
this petition that General Schuyler matured the
preparations which resulted in the capture of
Burgoyne at Saratoga; but, omitting that, she
has modestly set forth that, in the preparations
for the battle of Beiiius Heights, in that cam-
paign, and for resisting the progress of General
Burgoyne, General Schuyler found it necessary
to construct a bridge across the Hudson river at
Bemus Heights; and that he furnished the timber
and lumber for that bridge exclusively from his
own mills at Saratoga.
She has set forth also in this petition, that the
mills and other erections of General Schuyler at
Saratoga were destroyed by the enemy, involving
a loss of his own private property, which, accord-
ing to the estimates of the American historians,
was of the value of $20,000, and, according to the
report of General Burgoyne, was of the value of
^10,000 sterling. She represents that she is,
while aged and iniirm, also in a situation to make
some relief afforded her by her country accept-
able to her. She was one of six children. All
the rest are dead, and their children make no
claim upon the gratitude or justice of their coun-
try. In her own behalf she has requested me to
present this petition, and ask that it may lie on
the table. I at the same time give notice that
I will, at some early day, ask leave to introduce
a "bill for the relief of the petitioner.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to submit the
following resolution? * 5
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be directed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting the appropria-
tion bills for the support of the Government, or adopting
other measures, with a view of obtaining more speedy
action, on said bills.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to have the
resolution considered at this tmie; but when I do
call it up for consideration, after the committees
shall have been formed, I shall ask the Senate to
consider the question of the power and the right
of this body to originate the general appropria-
tion bills, m-y object being to avoid the evils of
night sittings at the close of each session.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will lie
over under the rules.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December II, 1855.
The Clerk called the House to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The election of Speaker being the business
in order, the Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the fortieth vote therefor, with the follow-
ing result: Whole number of votes cast, 224;
necessary to a choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 107
William A. Ricliatdson    74
Hoary M Fuller  27
Felix K. ZolheolTer  4
John S. Cathie  2
John P. Campbell   1
Emerson Etheridge  1
Percy Walker  1
John Scott Harrison   1
Bonjanyu F. Leiter    I
Daniel Wells  1
James L. Orr    1
Humphrey Marshall    1
John Williams  1
Solomon G. Haven   1
So, there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
"For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albught, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bnulshaw, Bronton, Butiiugton, Builinganie, James
H. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Cumback,
D.umell, Timothy Davib, Day, Dean, Dc Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings,. Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kclsey, King, Knapp, Knight, ICowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Loiter, Mace, Matte^on, MeCarty, Meaeh-
am, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Mui ray, Nichols,
Noifon, Andrew Olivet, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Priugle, Puiviauee, Ritehtc, Bob-
bins, Roberts, Kobison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Shetman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Ttafton, Tjson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbndgc, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Eihhu
ft, Wnshbumc, Isiacl Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodwoitli.
For Mr- Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry?. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Biooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Catuthers, Ca^kie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson H. W. Cobb, Craige,
Ciau'ford, Denver, Dowdell, Edmuwl-on, Elliott, English,
Evans., Fanlknor, Floience, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampan W. Hams, Thomas
L Hams, Heibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kuhvell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Matshall, Maxwell, McMuihn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millsoti, Moideeai Oliver, Orr,
Peck, Phelps Powell, Quitman, Rufim, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Sewaid, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Wainer, Watkms,
Wells, Window, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messts. Broom, Bayaid Clark, Cullen,
Henry Winter Davis, Edie, J. Monisou Hanis, Hamson,
Haven, Hoffman, Kennett, Lmdley, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Miihvard, Paine, Portei, Puryeai, Ready, Iticaud,
Rivers, Scott, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood, Valk,
Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Zollicoffer—Messrs. John P. Campbell,Cox, Fos-
ter, and Lake.
For Mr. Carlile—Messrs. Humplney Marshall and Wil-
liam R. Smith.
For Mr. drrrnphcll—Mr. Carlile.
For Mr. Etheridge—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Walker—Mr. Eustis.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller,
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Moore.
' For Mr. Wells—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr, Orr—Mr. Shorter,
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Walker.- "
For-Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler. •
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Etheridge. • - f
The Clerk again proceeded to call the roll on the
forty-first vote for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 225; neces-
sary to a choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received.    107
William A. Richardson     74
Henry M. Fuller     28
Felix K. Zollicoffer.     3
James L. Orr  2
John P. Campbell  1
Emerson Etheridge    1
Warner L. Underwood      1
Percy Walker     • • • 1
John Scott Harrison  1
John S. Carlile  1
Benjamin F. Leiter ;  1
William Barksdale   #  1
Humphrey Marshall :  1-
Jolm Williams    1
Robert T. Paine  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewie D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, (bragin, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dtekson,
Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hol-
loway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkei, Leiter, Mace, Mattesori, MeCarty, Meaehain, Kil-
lian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
Robison, Sabin, Sago, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Tiiurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wasliburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chnginan, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdell, Edinundson, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hants, Herbeit, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kcitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Lcteher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moideeai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Rullin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stew-
ait, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wins-
low, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, Bayard Clark, Cullen,
Henry Winter Davis, Edie, Foster, J. Morrison Harris,
Ilamson, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett, Lindley, Alexander
K. Marshall, Millward, Paine, Porter, Puiyear, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Scott, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwofcd,
Valk, Whitney, and Zollicoffer,
For Mr. Zollicoffer—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Cox,
and Lake.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Shorter and Williams.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Cailile.
For Mr. Etheridge—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Walker—Mr. Eustis.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Carlile—Mr. Ilumplney Marshall,
For Mr. Leiter—Mr. Moore.
For Mr. Barksdale—Mr. Richardson.
jFor Mr. Marshall—Mr. Walker.
For Mr. Williams—My. Wheeler.
For Mr. Paine— Mr. William It. Smith.
The Clerk again proceeded to call the roll on
the forty-second vote for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 225;
necessary to a choice, 113; of whielf—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 106
William A. Richardson    75
HemyM. Fullei 27
Felix K. Zollicoffer  3
James L. Oir      2
Erne rson Ethci 1 dge  1
Alexander C. M Pennington  1
Warner L. (Jndeiwood  1
Peicy Walker    1
John Scott Harrison        1
Benjamin F. Leiter    1
Williamson R. W. Cobb  1
Robert T. Paine    1
John Williams  1
John P. Campbell    1
John &. Carlile  1
Humphrey Mart-hall  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Rurlmgame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cra«zm, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Timothy Davis, Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd. Durfee, Emiie, Flagler,Gnlloway, Gidding*,Giibeit,
Granger, Grow, Robert B/Hall, Harlan,"Hoilowyfr, Thomas
