THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TmnTY-ForRTH Coxgres«, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 16, 1850.
NbVv Series No. id?.
The motion was agreed to; and tin® bill (S. Jj
No. 327) to tost the practicability and usefulness 'I
of the atmospheric t «-Je2rrapii, was road a second i\
time, and considered as in Committee of the ;j
Whole. _ j;
It proposes to appropriate £75,000, to enable |
the Postmaster General, v* ith the consent of the ;
lawful patentee 'orpropru tor of the atmospheric j
telegraph, to test its practicability and usefulness ■
for the conveyance of the United States minis; but ,
before making the experiment, the legal propri-
etor or natentec is to convcy to the United States
the exclusive use of the telegraph for the con-
veyance of mail matter, on his being paid such
sum as Congress shall decide, not less than one
hundred thousand dollars. I
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this a new practice—
appropriating money to enable one of the Depart-
ments to test the practicability of a new invention'
It seems to me that this is a new principle that
we are establishing. If this succeeds, we shall \
be called on by all inventors to appropriate money
to ascertain the value of their inventions, and try '
them at tin; expense of the United States Treas- j
r.rv.
Mr. COLUAMER. Certain it is, sir, that
there is a prec^d^nt, and a very successful one. '
Such an appropriation as this was made to test •
the practicability of Morse's telegraph. It was
done by the Department under an act of Con- ,
gress, and successfully done. If a precedent is :
wanted, that is one. i
Mr. HUNTER,. That, piecedent does not t
satisfy me. It seems to me that this is a very dan- |
gerous principle. That precedent has made the j
foundation now of this application. 1 think there i
was another precedent. I think there was some
money appropriated tojry an experiment of Pio-
lcssor Pa^eV, and it came to nothing'. 1
Mr. COLLAMEJl. Y<s, sir, I think there!
was, and that was not successful. j
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the result of this >
will be that we shall be called on by ali inventors,
when an invention will not pay them as a private
enterprise, to try the experiment at the expense
of the United States Government.
Mr. CASS. J think myself, Mr. Prescient,
that it is a dangerous precedent to establish; and ;
the objection consists not alone in the circum-
stance'to which the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia has alluded. We have made very expens-
ive experiments about steamships and ^uns. I i
had designed once to call on the Executive for
information of ail that this Government has lost i
by that kind of expenditure, but u rs rather diffi-
cult to go back through all the statutes lo hunt up ,
such appropriations. Almost all of them have ,
been failures, and nil of them cost immense sums ■
of momy. I agree fully with the Senator from I
Virginia; and I do not think this is the proper 1
body to make experiments at all. Let tho^e i
who are interested lu the proceeds of the exper- i
imentr-" make them, ami tlmn i< r the Government, .
like an individual, if it wants to u.v: them, pay .
for doing so. 1 do not see why you should stop :
here, if tili^ principle is to be established, and
%rhv vou should not aid every man in his p>-u-
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. This is a
proposition to appropriate £.75,000 to try an ex- '
Diriment. While I am very much inclined to
lavor anything that will promote the nrts or sci- !
ences, or the progress of improvement, I am op-
posed to this measure. 3 belonged to a special
committee who one*, examined this affair. I did '
not pretend to go into the philosophy of it; though :
it seemed to impress itself on my friend from ■
Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] the chairman of the
committee. It seemed to me that the idea of:
transmitting the mail by exhausting recovers,
putting up air-pumps, and running a bag through
a line of pipe live hundred, or one thousand, or
two thousand, or three thousand, or four thou-
sand, or five thousand miles, was totally imprae- ;
tioablo. Of course I say so wi'h ali due nspeet
to the opinion and scientific informatijn of ofher
men. Thi^ will be just §75.000 thrown away. T
102
think, on a silly experiment. I like the gentle-
man who exhibits the machine. Hois a very
polite, clever, liberal gentleman, and probably
ought to have the §75,000; but I do not think the
United States ought to give it to him to be used
in this sort of way. I have looked at his scheme;
I have looked at his project; and I have read his
statement. My friend from Florida made a very
learned, philosophical, scientific report upon it.
I would not undertake to answer it by figures and
facts, because I couid not do it; bat, as to this
machine, it j* a machine, 1 think, to take from
Uncle Sam $75,000. That is the whole of it:
nothing more nor less. I hate very much to go
agaixist a matter of science or art, or to make a
speech, or to say anything about it; but I think,
if the Senate will look at it before they vote, it
will never get any votes at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has ar-
rived, and it must be taken up, unless otherwise
ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that this bill ,bc
postj^oned until to-morrow, and be made the spe-
cial order at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the Senator
from Vermont to ask to have the bill postponed,
and be made the special order. There will be no
objection, of course, to the postponement; but
some of us object to making it a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the question simply on the postpone-
ment.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The PRESIDENT pro trniporc. The Rpocinl
order is the bill (S. No. 1]']") to amend the act
entitled " An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy,*' and is now before the Semite as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to offer an amendment,
to add to the second section this further proviso:
Provided further* That any (hopped ofhecr. who may he,
in tlio opinion of paid court, entitled to bo pKu^d on the ic
tired oi liuioughed may be thus puicecl by the President.
The bill provides that the dropped officers may
be, restored to the active list. It may turnout,
however, that some have been dropped who can-
not be restored on account of old age, or other
cause, to the active list under the existing law;
yet it may appear very properly that they should
be placed either on the retired "or furloughed list,
and this amendment is intended to extend to
eases of that kind.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that an additional amend-
ment is necessary. His provides that the dropped
officer may be placed on the furloughed or retired
list, by the nomination of the President. The
dropped officer, bein^: out of the Navy, cannot be
put, back without the advice and consent of the
Senate, \ think. It should be, «'by the President,
by and wiih the ad \ ic and consent of the Senate/'
Mr. ADAMS. I did not think if required the
udvice and consent of the Senate to authorize the
President to place them there; but if if be desir-
able, I have no objection to adding the words:
"by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate/' I modify my amendment by the addition
of these words.
The question being put on the amendment, it
appeared to be rejected,
Mr. ADAMS. I am convinced that the Senate
have not comprehended the object of the amend-
ment, or they certainly would not vote it down.
I understand that the most serious objection which
hasbeenurged to the execution of the present law
is to that portion of the instructions givem by the
Secretary of the Navy, which authorized an in-
quiry into the moral conduct and character of an
officer. It has been insisted by many Senators
here, that that was not contemplated by the ori-
ginal act. Then all those who have been dropped
are dropped under that law upon the assumption
that th<*v brought upon themselves their disability
through crime or otherwise. This bill provides
that they may be restored to the active list; but
if it should turn out on the testimony that they
have had no hearing, and that they ought to be
placed on the retired or furloughed list, there is
no provision in the bill for them. This amend-
ment is intended to enable the President, if the
court of inquiry shall believe that the officers thus
dropped should be placed on the retired list, to
place them there. That is the whole object of
the amendment, and I am convinced that the
Senate did not understand it, or they would not
have voted it down. I ask for a division.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no objection to
this Amendment. I believe, however, it is already
provided for in the general amendment which is
printed, and is proposed to be offered as a sub-
stitute for the whole bill; or, if that does not
express it, it mischtbemore properly made there.
I concur in the object of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have been
looking at the measures which have been pro-
posed on this subject—one by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and the other by the Senator from
Georgia, [Air. Toombs.] It seems to me that
none of them meet the precise exigencies of the
case if I understand those exigencies. I believe,
m the first place, that it is required not only by
justice, but by public opinion, that we should
give to all these officers, whose commissions have
been affected by the action of the naval board, a
chance of going before a court of inquiry, and
have an open trial in regard to their claims. This
much, I believe,all are agreed upon. It is a fea-
ture in all the propositions which have been
offered.
In addition to that, I believe it is proper that
wc should save as much of the work of the naval
board as is good and serviceable to the country.
As far as they have really removed the dead wood
from the Navy—to use an expression which has
become familiar in this Chamber—it seems to me
thatwe ought to hold on to what they have done,
and sustain it. Therefore, I think that all those
who do not feel aggiieved by the action of the
board, and who do not claim a court of inquiry,
ought to remain where they have been placed by
the action of the board. That beingdone, I think
it ought to be done in such a way as neither to
add to, nor diminish, the existing establishment
in the Navy. The existing establishment was
created by Congress upon independent reasons—
upon reasons proper to the question; and ought
not to be affected upon mere considerations of
convenience in disposing of the question now
before us. I am unwilling to agree to the scheme,
of the Navol Committee, which proposes to add
to the existing establishment. They seek to
n medy the evil by means which will add to the
numbers m the Navy. I think the public will
not sustain us in that. I think it will not be
proper to do so, and that the interest of the scr 
vice will not be promoted by doing it.
I believe, too, that in doing this, we ought to
do it in Mich a way as will tend to compose the
fends which exist in the Navy, and, for that
reason, I am unwilling to participate in this dis-
cussion, which seeks to defend the naval board
by attacking those against whom it has been
found, or seeks to defend those who have been
affected by it, by attacks on the naval board.
Whilst I believe the board has made giave mis-
takes and errors, it was composed of honorable
men, I know, and I believe they were actuated
by a sense of duty, and did endeavor to dis-
charge their trust in a manner demanded by the
country. That they have committed mistakes,
however, is now admitted on all sides.
Now, sir, if such be the exigencies of the case,
if it be proper to apply this remedy in such a
way as will neither increase nor diminish the
existing naval establishment, neither the scheme
of the Naval Committee, nor that proposed by
the Senator from Georgia, will meet these neces-
sities. That proposed by the Naval Committee,
as I have just said, adds to the existing establish-
