1618 ^ 
mont! That proposed by the Senator from Geor-
K1a.diminishes it, and diminishes itarbitranly. U
df.la.-es that there shall be no promotions to the
vacancies which have been occasioned by the
action of this board; and yet, in regard to all
th&e who do not appeal to the court of inquiry,
it sustains the action of the board. Thus it
diminishes arbitrarily in the different ranks, ac-
cordingly as they have been affected by the action
of the board, and does not keep up that estab-
lishment -which the laws of the country say
ought to be kept up in the Navy, and which
certainly ought to be maintained until we lepeal
those laws. ... , ,
There is a still further objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia. It raises a
question of disputed jurisdiction, which it is not
necessary to raise, it raises the question of the
power to legislate men into office. T believe that
Congress have the power to legislate in regard to
the law of promotion. They have the power to
legislate in regard to the office; but I do not believe
they have the power to legislate particular men
into office.
To avoid all these difficulties, it seems to me,
-we must first ascertain who are in the Navy, and
who are out of the Navy; and that being ascer-
tained by allowing them to go before a court of
inquiry, we can then act on the nominations. But
this will involve a postponement of the nomina-
tions until about the beginning of the next ses-
sion. I know there are some inconveniences in
regard to that matter, and I shall come to them
presently; for it is my intention to offer an amend-
ment, when it will be in order to do so, to accom-
plish the objects which I have just designated. I
desire to offer an amendment by which all those
who desire it may have this court of inquiry,
whether they have been dropped or retired, and
under which, after the court has declared its
opinion, and found as to the facts, the President
may, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, do with each officer as he thinks just and
proper—either confirming or disaffirming the sen-
tence of the court.
1 propose to add a section, taken from a projel
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] by
which the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, at the request of any offi-
cer, may retire him. 1 add also a third section,
taken from the scheme of the Senator from Geor-
gia, by which the President may order a court of
inquiry in regard to any man who he thinks
should be retired.
The scheme which I shall offer, then, will con-
sist of three sections, which will have these
olqects. If it be adopted, all we shall have to do
w;il be to postpone action on the nominations
until the beginning of the next session. By that
time we shall know who are in the Navy, because
tile courts of inquiiy will report in the mean tune.
There may be more than one, if necessary, in
order to dispatch business rapidly. By the com-
mencement of the next session we shall know
who are in, and who are out of, the Navy. Wo
can then fill the vacancies, and keep up the ex-
isting establishment, neither inci easing nor dimin-
ishing it. We shall thus allow all those who
think they have been dealt hardly by, time to
appear before a court, where they will" have an
open Dial, it'they desire it.
The only objection to this that I have heard
suggested, is that it may be some hardship upon
the officers who expect to be promoted, and who
are now nominated for promotion. Mr. Presi-
dent, it will be a very small hardship; it would
postpone their legal investiture into office (if I may
use that term) only until the commencementof the
next session. In the mean time they can have
their acting commissions; and so far as lam con-
cerned, after it is ascertained who are to bs pro-
moted, I shall be willing to allow them the pay
for the rank in which they have been serving
during the mean time. It will, therefore, be a
simple postponement of the pay which they
would receive, and of their promotion in this rank
— their legal possession of tins rank, until the first
-Monday of next December. It seems to me that
would be a small inconvenience as compared with
tin advantage which we should attain by pursu-
ing the course which 1 propose; for in doing so
we should not, only allow every man who thought
lie was aggrieved a chance to redress the injury,
but we should retain what has been usefully done
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
July 14,
by the naval board, for we have a right to pre-
sume that those who do not ask to go before this
court are contented to abide by the decision oi
the navai board.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "Will the Senator from
Virginia permit mo to ask him a question here?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr BENJAMIN.* i desire to understand the
scheme fully. My question is in relation to the
officers who are now under nomination. 1 he
Senator proposes that we shall delay action until
the next session on those nominations.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. . .
Mr. BENJAMIN. Under the Constitution,
then, their present advanced commission will
expire at the end of the present session of the
Senate. What position will they hold m the in-
terval between the two sessions ? .
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suppose they can m the
interval have acting commissions, and they may
be renominated at the commencement of the
next session, and we can then confirm or reject
them. They will hold their office, I suppose,
under the existing naval laws, without reference
to the action of the board. The President can ap-
point whom he pleases to fill these vacancies
until the Senate act upon them. When it is in
order to do so, I shall offer the amendment
which I have described. The amendment seeks
to attain the objects which I have designated. It
is not in order now, and therefore I shall not offer
it. My intention is to offer it aj a substitute for
the bill reported by the Naval Committee, if the
substitute ctf the Senator from Georgia should
faik . ,
Mr. IVERSON. My colleague was not in the
Chamber when the objections which the Senator
from Virginia piescnted to his bill were sug-
gested by him, and I rise simply to call the
attention of the Senator from Virginia to two
provisions in the bill of my colleague, which
think obviMtc the objections which the Senator
from Virginia presents. The position which the
Senator from Virginia occupies ia one which is
acceded to on all hands, that we shall retain
whatever good has been done by the former
naval board, and endeavor to get rid of all that
has been done by the board, not eonsonan with
justice, equity, and ?;ood faillu His proposi-
tion is only to give a review of the cases of those
who ask for it. That is the very proposition of
the bill of my colleague. , T ,
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that, and I did
not raise that objection to his proposition.
Mr. IVERSON. The second section of tho
bill of my colleague declares:
'• That, as soon a* po<>ih[e after tlie pnssagc of this act.
the President of the TTmiod States shall cause a naval court
ot mqmn to assemble, which shall make a careful inquiry
into Uie eflVnenoy (mental, physical, and piole^siona'.) ot all
the navai officers dilated or dropped by the ' finding' of the
Iaio naval boaid, assembled hy virtue of the said act of the
ti Fcbrnai v, and who may demand a hearing before
t^aid couit within «i\ty d'wa attei tho parage of rhi-5 act,
and of ail othct oili.-ci,-; of the Xavy whose names may he
Mibnutted to Mild couit liv the PiCMdmt of the United
which «?,ud emnt shall hear and determine upon the
capacityj mental, phjMcal, and piou'^siona:, of ail of --aid
othcei-i to pi'tiotni piomplly and cftietonilv all then dutie.
both .i&hotK and afloat."
that really the review is to extend to those
prions who jwk it, and not those who are con
tent.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not make that objec-
tion.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood the Senator
from Virginia to urge that objection. But another
objection which the Senator urges to the prop-
osition of my colleague is, that he proposes to
annul or vacate all promotions which have been
made, or it is supposed will be made to the Sen-
ate, arising under vacancies which happen in
consequence of the action of the late naval board.
The proposition of the Senator from Louisiana,
: as well as of the Committee on Naval Affairs, is
to let these promotions be confirmed by the Sen-
ate, and then they open the door by a court of
inquiry to the restoration of as many officers as
may prove themselves entitled to be restored,
who have been furloughed or dropped. In that
way, we shall, of course, increase the liuihber of
officers in every grade, because, if we confiim the
nominations, we shall have the full number of
captains, sixty-eight, taking the grade of captain
as an example. Then, if the court of inquiry re-
store any dropped or retired officers, they wiil be
added to the active list, and in addition we have
retired officers who may not be restored, and we
thus shall have an increased number.
The proposition of my colleague is simply to
set aside promotion for the present, open the door
for review, let a court of inquiry be established,
let them examine into the cases of all retired and
dropped officers, and let them, with the approba-
tion of the President, restore all of them who
may prove themselves entitled to be lesto rod,
and then let them take their rank just at the point
from which they were rejected—go back intotljw;
active list, taking their relative position on the
Naval Register, just where they were before the
board met. Then,after thisproeess is exhausted,
and all the officers restored who may be entitled -
to be restored, there may be, and probably'will
be, vacancies on the active list in each grade, and
then the President fills those vacancies according
to law by promotions from those next on .the
list. In that way we get the listfillcd up without
doing injustice to anybody, and by a regular pro-
cess according to law.
In the other process, if we now confirm these
nominations, we have to await the tedious pro-
cess of death or resignation to diminish the Navy
down to the number authorized bylaw. That
is the difference between the two prpcesses. I
think the bill of my colleague, with some amend-
ments which I propose to offer, will meet the
objections of the Senator from Virginia, and
will answer every object. I trust my colleague's
amendment will be presented to the Senate, and
adopted.
Mr. PIJGH. I wish to offer an amendment to
the original bill of the committee. It is the
third section of the substitute proposed by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] I offer it
as an additional section'to the original bill. My
objection to the bill of the Senator from Georgia
is, that it disrates officers now in service. These
men have been appointed by the President. Tliey
are in office. It is not, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia supposed, that we are about to invest them
with office. They arc in office under the consti-
tutional authority of the president; but their com-
missions expire with the teimination of this ses-
sion. Now we have had trou&le enough in dis-
rating officers. For my part 1 do not want any
more of it. That is the objection I have to the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia. I do
not want to make any more trouble of that sort.
The objection which I have to the committee's
bill is, that there is no provision against the re-
currence of this difficulty. We may obviate all
the troubles which have grown out, of the naval
board; but if the service proceeds five or ten years,
as it has heretofore proceeded, we shall have the
same clamor over again, that there are hundreds
of men in the Navy who ought to be out, and that
we must have another naval board, and all this
confusion. The third section proposed by the
Senator from Delaware empowers the President
to withdraw from the service from time to time,
and put on the retired list, one officer after an-
other, so as to obviate the necessity of this peri-
odical purgation of the Navy. It is,to accomplish
that object that 1 move to add it as an additional
section to the committee's bill. It is as follows:
./Jn>( he it further enacted, Tliat hereafter, whenever, in
the ludgmentof the President of the United States, a com-
missioned officer of the Navy shall have become, from any
cause, incapable of performing the duties of his office, or
shall prefer a request in writing to be retired, the President
may, at his discretion, nominate such officer to the Senate,
to be retired from active servicc upon leave-of-absence pay
orfutlough pay; and upon confirmation of such nomina-
tion by the Senate, the name of such oihcer shall be placed
upon a reserved list, and he shall be withdrawn from active
service and command, and entitled to lecetve leave of
absence or furlough pay, according to the nomination and
confirmation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is a portion of the
amendment contained in the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Delaware. I am utterly opposed to it.
I think it the most vicious legislation that could
possibly be adopted. It is nothing more nor less
than a provision for a permanent corps of pen"
sioned officers, to be supported at the expense of
the country, by the dominant party in this Gov-
ernment. Whenever the Executive and a ma-
jority of the Senate shall agree, it provides that,
when an officer desires to be retired from active
servicc, and he can get the President to nominate
him to the Senate, to be put, upon the retired list,
he shall for the rest of his life be supported by
