1855.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
not fire-proof, and much exposed to conflagra-
tion. I did not feel justified in keeping in con-
stant jeopardy, its records, files, and papers, of
such immense value and importance, the loss of
which would be irreparable, both in a historical
and pecuniary point of view. Experience has
already taught its folly, and the lesson should not
be disregarded.
Before directing the change to be made, I satis-
fied myself that, although it might put a few of
the clerks in the Patent Office to some inconve-
nience, it would not materially interfere with their
labors, nor, essentially, with a correct and effi-
cient discharge of their duties.
By some it is contended that the entire building
should be exclusively appropriated to the use of
the Patent Office, and to this, under any other
than extraordinary circumstances, I should cheer-
fully assent. But when I look at the fact that
the "entire structure, so far as completed, has cost!
some sixteen hundred thousand dollars, of which
$1,279,700 has been drawn from the Treasury, '
and only $320,300 from the patent fund, and that ,
it was impossible to secure for the Indian Bureau
such building as its necessity demanded, I could
find no plausible pretext for hazarding millions of |
the public property, more especially when it was j
evident it was not absolutely necessary to the full
and proper execution of the patent laws, and
would not, to any great extent, incommode the
Patent Office.
It will require a further appropriation to com-
plete the west wing of the Patent Office building.
The east wing cost $607,700. Owing to the
declivity of the grade, an additional story was
required in the west wing. It was found neces-
sary so to construct its basement, sub-basement,
ana principal story, that each might be converted
into one large room, when the requirements of
the Patent Office demanded it. To accomplish
this object, marble and granite piers and archi-
traves have been introduced, which are not in the
corresponding stories of the east wing. These ■
and other additions have cost about $100,000, and
yet the whole expenditure will not exceed that
of the east wing.
The north part of the building should be com-
menced. The estimated cost is $450,000, without
a portico. A partial estimate for its construction !
has been submitted. I
There is a large room in the Patent Office, de-
signated the National Gallery, which is not used
for any practical purpose. It has been made the !
depository of the curiosities of the Exploring
and other expeditions, and of other rare articles,
worthy of preservation. If they could be re-
moved to a more suitable place, it would be very
advantageous to the Patent Office. This room is
one of the largest in the building, being two
hundred and sixty-feet long, and sixty-two feet
six inches wide, and the cases it contains, as I j
am informed, cost some thirty thousand dollars,
drawn from the patent fund. The annual charge
to the Government for merely taking care of
and superintending it is $3,180. The room is re-
quired for the proper disposal and exhibition of
rejected models, for which it is so well calculated,
and was probably designed. The Commissioner
could then determine which of the models could
be treated as useless, and which placed on exhi- I
bition; and thus would be brought to light a set I
of models never seen by the public, of scarcely :
less importance than those now so well exhibited j
in the cabinets of models of patented inventions, j
This would be a great acquisition to inventors, |
one of the most meritorious and deserving classes !
of our citizens.
The collection in the gallery, a very curious,
interesting, and instructive one, is constantly
open to, and attracts large numbers of visitors,
which, in itself, is very proper; but when taken
in connection with the secrecy and seclusion to
which the inventions and discoveries are entitled,
whilst under examination, it becomes a privilege
of doubtful propriety, calculated, as it is, to dis-
turb the employes of the Patent Office in their
business, and to affect, in some instances, the
interests of the inventors. The collection has no
connection whatever with the Patent Office, and
may as well, therefore, be placed elsewhere.
The appropriations for agricultural purposes
nave been usefully and judiciously applied. The
seeds were well selected and distributed, and, from
all the information received, the most beneficial
results are anticipated.
The appointment of marshals and district at-
torneys of the United States belongs to another
department^and the supervisory power over their
accounts, as well as those of the clerks of the Fed-
eral courts, is confided to this. The system does
not work well, and it is impossible to correct its
many defects without a thorough revision of the
laws relatingto and regulating it. Perhaps the best
disposition that could be made of it would be to
assign the accounting part to the Treasury De-
partment, and confide the other powers to the
Attorney General. A judicious and well-matured
revision would remedy the many evils that have
quietly crept in; restore that harmony in the
compensation of allthe judicial officers that should
exist; obviate the necessity of the large discretion
in this Department, which may, with impunity,
be abused; restrain the officers from imposing
upon the Government, and conduce more cer-
tainly to the ends of justice. The large increase
of the judicial expenses, besides other grave con-
siderations, should induce action upon this sub-
ject.
The Government has adopted the plan of con-
structing its own buildings for court purposes, in
different States, but nothing has yet been done
in Baltimore, New York, or Boston. With this
view, acts were passed by Congress giving you a
limited power, which, however, was not exer-
cised. The proposals which had been received
for sites in New York and Boston were sent in j
as a criterion in making the proper appropria- j
tions. Nothing was effected, and the subject re- i
mains for the further action of Congress. I have
no doubt the true course would be, to make ample
provision for the purchase of sites and the erection
of buildings in these cities, expressly limiting
the expenditure to the specific sums appropriated,
leaving the selection of the sites, and the plans
for the buildings, to the sound discretion of the
President. Knowing the necessity that exists
for such buildings in these cities, its consideration
cannot be too strongly urged. j
In my last annual report, I brought to your
notice the number of terms the United States '
courts held in the different States, during each
year, being two hundred and twenty-three terms,
in eighty-eight different places. In several of
them, there is very little local or general business,
the peculiar reason for holding the courts there
having ceased; and yet, the expense and incon-
venience to the judges and officers, as well as the
Government, are not trifling. By way of illus-
tration, I will instance one judicial district only.
By the act of Congress, approved March 3,1849,
" For the better organization of the district court
of the United States, within the State of Louisi-
ana," the State was divided into two judicial
districts—the eastern and western. Stated an-
nual sessions of the court for the western district
were directed to be held at Opelousas, Alexan-
dria, Shreveport, and Monroe, and the judge was
authorized to appoint a clerk to reside at each of
these places. By the amendatory aet, approved
July 29,1850, another term of the court was re-
quired to be held at St. Joseph's, and the judge
authorized to appoint a clerk to reside at that
place also. The fee bill of 26th February, 1853,
provides that, when the compensation of any
clerk shall be less than $500 per annum, the dif-
ference between his receipts and that sum, shall
be paid from the Treasury.
It appears from the emolument accounts of the
clerk at St. Joseph's, that from the 4th of May,
1845, to the 30th of May, 1855, his fees only
amounted to $13 95, and that, during the whole
of that period, there was not a single session of
the court held at that place. From the 1st of
January, 1853, to the 31st of December, 1854,
the clerk at Monroe did not earn anything, and
during the whole of these two years no session
of the court was held. At Alexandria the clerk's
fees, from the 15th of April to the 31st ofTbecem-
ber, 1854, amounted to $2 50, and the court was
in session only two days.
Thus, it will be seen, that, in an aggregate pe-
riod of about four years, only two terms of the
court have been held at these three places. The
Department is not in possession of reports from
Opelousas- and Shreveport, though it is not
doubted the same condition of things prevails
there. If so, the cost to the United States for
clerical services alone, over and above the fees
earned in a period of about four years, would
amount to nearly $10,000, without any corre-
sponding benefit to the Government.
Besides this,Congress has made appropriations
for constructing court-houses, in conjunction with
custom-houses and post offices, at several points
where courts are not held, inStates in which the
number of places for holding courts may not be
increased for many years.
In the District of Columbia 1 have heretofore
suggested many improvements, and the construc-
tion of fire-proof public buildings. Their neces-
sity becomes daily more apparent. The public
money may not be so judiciously expended, and
I doubt whether it will be applied to purposes of
greater utility.
Within a few years, the business of the Patent
Office will require the whole of the entire struc-
ture in which it now is, and the Department of
the Interior will have to seek shelter elsewhere.
If an appropriation for the erection of a proper
departmental building were now made, it could
not be finished and prepared for occupancy in
less than three or four years, which is the longest
possible time the rooms now occupied by this De-
partment, in the Patent Office building, can with
any show of propriety be retained. It therefore
becomes a question of moment, whether imme-
diate preparation should not be made for the
anticipated exigency.
The extent of some of the public grounds has
been trenched upon, whilst perhaps" their limits
should have been enlarged. Ground enough for
public purposes has not been reserved, and many
years will not elapse ere there will be a universal
regret that more space had not been retained.
The estimates for improving and ornamenting
the reservations have been increased.
The plan adopted for the "Mall " should be
' more vigorously prosecuted. Its present appear-
ance is inelegant, when, with a comparatively
small expenditure, it might easily be converted
into a beautiful park. The grounds for which
| suitable appropriations were made by Congress
S have been well improved, and arc admired by all
for their neatness, beauty, and tastefulness.
I In this connection, I would repeat my former
recommendation, that provision be made for the
j employment of a competent and intelligent land-
! scape gardener, to superintend the improvements
of the public grounds, and to direct and distribute
properly the subordinates and laborers.
The Long Bridge, as it is usually called, cross-
ing the Potomac river from "Washington city, is
much out of repair. It should be replaced by a
substantial and permanent structure. It is a
matter that caused much solicitude to one of your
most distinguished predecessors, and surely is
not unworthy consideration now, when the bridge
is so indispensable, and the means of defraying
the cost of construction are so abundant.
The appropriations for the erection of buildings
for the National Hospital for the Insane are
nearly exhausted. They have been judiciously"
and economically expeaded, under the supervision
and control of its intelligent superintendent. The
whole sum appropriated is $171,341, which covers
the cost of the farm, the present buildings, fur-
nishing, fitting up, and all other incidental ex-
penses. Although originally designed for ninety
patients, the present building will accommodate
one hundred. More room and out-buildings will
be required, and I have, therefore, estimated for
them. The sum, though apparently large, will
not be so considered, when the humane purposes
of the expenditure are contemplated. No class
of public beneficiaries calls more loudly on the
generosity of the Government than the inmates
of the Hospital., Its object, being " the most
humane care and enlightened treatment of the
insane of the Army and Navy of the United
States and of the District of Columbia, "strongly
commends it to the best and kindest feelings of
the human heart.
Although the buildings were not completed,
yet there were upwards of sixty patients received
into the hospital and taken care of previous and
subsequent to the 30th June last.
