xm
the congressional globe.
July 14,
by my friend from Ohio, is nothing more nor
Jess than an undisguisetl pension list, to be made
by the Senate of the United States and the Pres-
ident; and an officer likely to bo ordered off to a
Japan expedition, or to the African station, rather
old and not willing to go, would be perfectly
willing to come before the President and the
Senate to be retired, rather than be' ordered off on
perilous or dangerous service. My word on it,
you an; making a pension list -without discrim-
inating between the'raerits of the officers. If I
am to have a pension list, I will have a pension
list by which the Legislature of the country shall
say "whether the hero is entitled to a pension, or
whether the drone is to be put on a level with
him. This horizontal system of putting the drone
and the hero oil an equality is wrong. It is
nothing in the world but a pension list to be pro-
vided by the Senate; the other House has nothing
to do with it. I can never agree to it, for it will
lead to a pension list, and put the drone and the
hero on the same feeling. I cannot agree to it in
that point of view.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it seems to me
there has not only been a great deal of unneces-
sary alarm at the amendment, but honorable Sen-
ators who have opposed it have successfully and
completely answered each other. Does it make
any difference to the Government orthepublic
interest whether these men are in the active list
of the Navy or in the reserved list of the Navy ?
They are under pay. That was the argument in
favor of the bill which passed Congress last year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Ohio
will permit me to interrupt him. In my opinion,
if the reserved list which is provided for either
by the amendment or the bill of the Naval Com-
mittee, had been in existence for the last twenty-
live years, we should now lj4,ve a reserved list of
from eight hundred to one thousand officers; and
as fast as officers were retired, of course, they
being no longer in active service, we should he
asked to increase the active list; and we should
liave this day just as many officers on the active
list as we now have, with a pension roll of about
one thousand reserved officers. My idea is, that
if you allow this permanent reserved list, the offi-
cers of the Navy by degrees will get on it as a
comfortable pension for life to live, all the time
lilting up the active list by other appointments.
Mr. I'UGII. It does seem to nn- that it is the
last place in the world for gentlemen in the Senate
to stand up and tell us that officers in the Navy
are in love with the retired list, for we have heard
nothing since the first Monday 111 December but
clamor from every gentleman who has been put
on that list.
Mr. BUTLER. Not half of them complain.
Mr. PUCrJI, Well, sixty-odd have.
Mr. FlStl. About one hundred.
Mr. PUGH. The question as to the public
service is sunplv this: these men are, in the ser-
vice; they are paid; shall they remain on the
active list, in the way of the promotion of younger
ami better officers, or shall they be put aside?
The Senator from Louisiana says if they are put
aside they will render no more service. The com-
mittee have provided that the President may order
ail officer to bo placed aside. That answers the
whole objection. You cannot make a retired list
a place to which an officer may go to seek shore
service, for you have authorized the President to
order him to service. It is not going to be a
cushion to anybody. You cannot make it so as
long as the committee's provision remains in the
hill. But what is most wonderful is, that the very
provision against which the Senator from Louis-
iana leveled his indignation, is already 111 the bill
of the committee. It, is not peculiar to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware. It is already
in the committee's bill, which he supports.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator could not
have heard me just now state to him that I was
going to move to strike that out of the commit-
tee's bill.
Mr. PUGT4 It is objectionable as it stands
in the committee's bill, because it confers the
power wholly upon the President.
Mr. BUTLER. That he has anyhow.
Mr. PUGII. I differ in opinion with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina as to that; but 1 do
not care about discussing it at this moment. In
the bill of the committee it is confided wholly to
the President, Now, the check of the Senate is
put upon him by this amendment. It is not,a
case, then, that can be perverted by any party in
power. It is hound to pass the ordeal of confirm-
ation by the Senate. In that respect I subipit the
amendment improves the case far over the ori-
ginal proposition of the committee. Now, is it
true, that the President of the United States has
this power to put officers' on the reserved list? I
do not want to go into that discussion. I have
heard a great deal said about it, but I am free_ to
state that one of the great difficulties in my mind
connected with the act of last year for the im-
provement of the Navy, has been the authority
assumed by the board, orby the President at the
instance of the board, to put officers 011 the re-
served list. What is that? Is it a new office?
If so, they should have been confirmed by the
Senate. If itis not a new office, by what right do
you say that you will shear an officer by act of
Congress of a part of the duties and the rights
which are conferred upon him ?—that whilst he still
holds his commission, evidencing his title to per-
form the duty, you will select A, B, C, D,E, F,
and say, " You are less honorable than your fel-
lows, and you shall not perform some of the
honorable duties which others holding the same
commission do?" I have kept away from that
question; I have kept away from a great many
of these difficult questions; and, as I have said
before, one of the great difficulties in my mind
has been the constitutionality of that provision of
the act. But it has been executed, and I do not
propose to disturb it. I have, however, adopted
the idea of the Senator from Delaware, that these
are new offices. Did not the Senator from Lou-
isiana maintain that proposition here one whole
day, and assert that, if we repealed the act of last
year, all those gentlemen would be out of the
Navy ? However, I leave him and the Senator
from South Carolina to settle that question. I
look to the practical result.
I am willing to take out of the amendment, if
that will satisfy Senators, so much as provides
that the President may put a man on the retired
list at his application; but I wish to retain that
provision which authorizes the President, at any
time when he thinks an officer is not performing
his duty in the Navy, to put him before a court
of inquiry or board of inquiry, or on his own
mere motion, if he is satisfied of the fact, to take
him from the active list of the Navy. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana says there is no necessity
for it. Then where is the necessity for this ex-
periment which you have already tried?
The Senator says it will only happen once in
fifty years. The committee tells us that it has
been wanted for the last thirty years? Why-
should it not happen again ? The committee tell
us in their report, that, if we wish to compete
with England, wc must adopt their idea, and
induce our post-captains to retire at forty-five
years of age. If this novel proposition, which
was carried through the last Congress, was in-
tended merely to he aimed at particular officers,
and put them out of the Navy, I shall vote, not
indeed for the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia, but for the proposition which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire threatened - to bring
111, namely: to repeal the whole thing, to cancel
every commission in the Navy, and let the Presi-
dent start again. But if it is intended to inaugu-
rate a new system by which, from time to time,
you shall withdraw those who are physically or,
professionally unable, and fill your Navy with
vigorous men, active men, I say it is necessary,
in order to carry out that system, to adopt this
amendment. In fact, the vote of the Senate on
this amendment will, to a great extent, control
me in voting on these propositions.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now move to strike out
from the fourth section this clause:
And the President shalt he, and he is hereby, authorized
i to transfer any nificer, at tils own request, from the active
1 list to the reserved list, when, in his judgment, the public
intetest require it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to offer an amend ment
to the bill, with a view to test the judgment of
the Senate. One of the matters of controversy in
this case has been the propriety of the construc-
tion given by the Secretary of tine Navy to the
bill of 1855, by which he authorized an inquiry
into the moral character of the officers. I see that
in this bill, as amended, the committee have put
that question distinctly hefore the Senate. They
provide that the Secretary of the Navy " shall
cause the physical, mental, professional, and
moral fitnfcss of such officer for the naval officer
to be investigated by a court of inquiry," &c. I
move to strike out thewords, " and moral," and
insert, in order to make it grammatical, the word
" and" before "professional," so as to strike out
the right of the court of inquiry, if assembled, to
inquire into the moral character of an officer.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the Senator
to say, that the amendment is for the purpose of
trying the construction of the Secretary of the
Navy of the old lair, or is it designed to test the
sense of the Senate on the construction?
Mr. BAYARD. As the section stands, i^au-
thorizes all the dropped, retired, and furloughad
officers to ask for a court of inquiry within ninety-
days or within one year if they are out of the Urn-
ted States. It provides that the physical, mental,
professional, and moral qualities of an<f officer
shall be inquired into by this court of inquiry. I.
am willing to trust no such matter to any court^
because the word " professional "covers the ques-
tion of morals to a sufficient extent, so as not to
leave it indeterminate as a general qjje.stion c>f
moral character.
Mr. HUNTER. I was only going to say that,
by striking it out, you decide nothing as to the
propriety of the interpretation put on the old law
by the Secretary of thc'Navy.
Mr. BAYARD. But as it stands now, it,abso-
lutely requires that inquiry. It would be a novel
mode to have a court of inquiry inquire into the
morals of an officer.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the amendment will
not be made, for the reason that the word " pro-
fessional". does not, in my judgment, include
moral fitness either in the Navy or elsewhere.;
and if an officer has not moral -fitness he ought
not to be in the Navy. Now, sir, it will not be
an error to supposs that this provision will insti-
tute any particular searching inquiry into the
morals of individuals. Naval officers are not
stringent on this poiUt; but there may be some
men, whose moral character would not bear the
slightest in vestigation, whoamiuiown and marked
in the Navy as disreputable characters, and they
cannot be held to account very well by brother
officers. The sending of a challenge is cause of
dismissal. There may perhaps be but one case
of that kind; there may be more. I doubt very
much whether keeping the words in will not have
a highly beneficial effect on every man who is to
come before this court. Is the Senator from Del-
aware prepared to say that moral fitness is in
itself not needed to the efficiency of an officer?
If the Senate think so, it ought to be struck out.
But with my opinions of an officer I think it is not
only necessary, but moral fitness lies at the very
foundation of all efficiency in the service.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote for the motion of
the Senator from Delaware, for this reason: if
liis motion shall be sustained, the law under
which this court of inquiry will act will be pre-
cisely in the language of the law that is intended
| to be remedied by this bill. I do not wish a test
to be applied to those officers—their fate is hard
enough anyhow—that is not applied to all other
officers in the Navy. If I understand correctly,
there is already an existing law which subjects
him for moral delinquency to a court of inquiry,
and therefore there is no necessity for repeating
it here, and forcing on these officers a different
rule of qualification from that provided by the
original law, or that provided for other officers.
For this reason I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall support the amendment,
and I am surprised that the chairman of the Naval
Committee should oppose it. The provision
which it is proposed to strike out was not in the
act of February 28,1855, and yet he held it to be
there by construction, and I should suppose he
could construe it into this bill. He has manfully
I contended, as have those Senators who entertain
, the same views, that, though the provision was
! not there, you could try a man for immoralities,
! or for what this secret conclave determined was
immorality. No such thing was in the act of
1855; but these gentlemen contend that the board
had the right to take cognizance of immoralities.
1 do not see, then, why thechairmanshould want
