,1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
- For Mr. Harrison—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Lake—Mr. Humplney Marshall.
' For Mr. Million—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Williams—Mi. Wheeler.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
- ■ For Mr. Marshall—Mi. Walker.
" Mr. ETHERIDGE, (at fifteen minutes of
two o'clock.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that motion I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Watkins were appointed.
- The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes (>3; noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll on
the fiftieth vote for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of*votes cast, 224; neces-
sary to a choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received    105
William A. Richardson.    75
• Henry M Fuller   33
Benjamin F Lciter.  2
Felix K. Zolheolfer.   1
Alexander C. M. Pennington  1
Warner L. Undeiwood."  1
John Scott Harrison   1
William A. Luke  1
David Barclay .  1
Humphrey Marshall  1
John Williams  1
James L. Orr  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. }>anhi> — Mo&r?. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Ben-on, Rilln>jrhur-«t, Bingham, ftr-hop,
Bliss, Brad-haw, Brenton, Buflihyton, Burhngame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis- 1). Campbell, Challee, Ezia Claik,
Clawvon, Colfa.\, (Joimns, Covode,Cia«m, Cuinhack, Dam-
rell,Tunothy Davis, Day, Dc.ui. De Witt, Dick, Dieloon,
Dndd.Piufee, Emms Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert.
Gians*er,Giow, RobeitB Hall, TIailan, llo'louay, Thomas
Et. Horton. Valentine B. (Joi ton, Howard, Hugh-ton, KeKey,
King, Knapp. Ivniglu, Ktiowlton, Knot, Ivunkel, Loiter,
Maee, Watte-on, MeCaitv, Meaeliam, Killian Aliher, jV]or-
gan, MoniU, Mott, Muri.iy, Nuhok, Noiton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Peaice, Pel ton, Ponruncton, Perrv, Pettit.
Pike, Pnngie, Puivianee, Ritchie, Robbing Eoheits, lloln-
son, Sabm, tfajje, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Simmer, Stan-
ton, Stranaban, Tnppan, Thnnngton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton. Tyson. Wad.., Wakeman, Waibi i<l«c, Waldron,
Cadwaladei C.' VAashbuine, Ellihu B. Wa-d'iburue, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood. Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Ruhanhon—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Baxksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee,
Branch, Brook*., Burnett, C'adw.ilader, Caruthors, Oa^kie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Wiiham.-on it. W. Cobb, Ciai^e,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdeli, Ednumd.-on, Elliott, Kngii-h,
Evan*, Faulkner, Florence, Thorna% j. i) Fullei, Goode,
Greenwood, Augusts Hall, Sampson W. Hariis, Thomas
L. Hams, Ilei bert, Ilieknian, Houston, J ewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S Marshall, Maxwell, McMuilin, Mc-
Queen, tfnuth Millei, Million, Mordeeai Ohvei, Orr, Peck,
Phelp>, Powell, Uuitman, Ru0in, Ru-t, Sanduli?e, lavage,
Seward, ^hotter, Samuel A. Hmith, William i-imith. Ste-
phens, Stew;j{, Talbott. Taylor, V;ul, Wainer, Watknm,
Wells, Wmshuv, and John V. Wnalit.
For Mr. Falter— Messi-i. Ball i;room, John P. Campbell.
Carhle, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davr-. Bdic, Eu-ti.-,
Foster, J. Moiinoii Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Kennett.Lmdley, Alexander K. jVTaish.'iIl,Mill\v<ud. Paine j
Porter, Puiy=ai, Readv, Rieaud, River*, Scott, Vv'iUiam It.
Smith, Sneed, Swope/i'rippe, Undei wood, Valk, Whitney,
and Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Letter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Zolhcoffcr—Mr. Lake,
For Mr. Pennington—Mr Edwards.
For Mr. Underwood—Mi. Etheridse.
For Mr. II:nrison—Mr. Ileniy M. Fuller.
For Mr. Lake—Mi Humphrey Marshall.
For Mr. Barclay— Mr. Ri'-hotds-on.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Walker.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
Mr. SAGE, (at half past two.) I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Norton and Vail were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 111; noes not counted.
So the motion was carried, and
The House thereupon adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 13,1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, llev. Hkxry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. RUTLER presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of Texas a Senator from that State for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, 1857;
which were read and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Franck
Taylor, of Washington city, praying the return
of duties on articles imported by him for the use
of the United -States, which were exempt from
duty undertheactof26th of January, 1849; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of the special agents of the
State of Maryland, praying that the State may
be reimbursed for advances made by her to the
United States in 1792 and 1793; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of Charles
Lucas, legal representative of Joseph W. Thomp-
son and others, praying that their title under the
location of a certain New Madrid certificate may-
be confirmed in part, with the privilege of enter-
ing the residue at $1 25 per acre; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of New-
tonSouthworth, praying for a donation for land;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Stephen
Tuthill, praying for remuneration for losses sus-
tained by his father, John Tuthill, during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Ferrisburg,
in the State of Vermont, praying for a reduction
of the rates of ocean postage; which was referred
to the Committee on the^Post Office and Post
Roods.
Mr. FOOT. I also present the memorial of
Zadock Thompson, of Hurling ton, Vermont, set-
ting forth that lie was employed by the Superin-
tendent of the Census Bureau to write out a his-
torical sketch of the State as introductory to the
census returns, with promised assurance of com-
pensation for such service. In pursuance of that
request, he prepared a historical sketch of the
State, the sketch for the State of Maryland having
been furnished him by the Census Bureau as a
sample. His time wns occupied in this for about
the space of two months. The manuscript was
sent on, the receipt of which was acknowledged.
Congress afterwards, however, decided that these
historical sketches should not be published with
the census returns. On application then to Mr.
De Bow, the successor of Mr. Kennedy, who had
made this requcstof Mr.Thompson,forremuner-
ation for his services in pursuance of the promise
that had been given him, he was informed by that
officer that be had no authority to make such
compensation, admitting, at the same time, how-
ever, the claim to be a just and equitable one on
the Government. I move that this memorial and
accompanying papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Mr. Anderson, praying remuneration for losses
sustained in consequence of the death of Jiis
brother by disease contracted in the military ser-
vice during the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the memorial of Captain L. C. Hunt, of
the Fourth Infantry, in regard to losses incurred
by the burning of the steamship City of Pitts-
burg; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of citizens of Iowa, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Vinton j
to Albion, in that State; "which was referred to !
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. !
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the citi-
zens of Fort Dodge, Iowa, held for the purpose
of expressing their opinion in regard to the Du-
buque and Pacific railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr.-PIAMLIN presented the petition of certain
keepers of light-houses on the Atlantic coast, for
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the petition of Na-
than Scholfield, of Norwich, Connecticut, ask-
ing for a renewal of his patent for a machine,
called a "governor" or "regulator," invented
for the purpose of regulating the motion of water
wheels. The petitioner has already had one
patent, and asks, for reasons stated in his petition,
that his patent may be renewed. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of John
Burkhalter, a soldier during the revolutionary
war, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of the heirs of certain officers of
the Massachusetts line of the Continental army,
in which they set forth, in substance, as follows:
In 1779 and 1780, these officers having served for
a long period, being distressed in their pecuniary
circumstances, ana no provision having been
made for themselves and their families, were
about to retire from the service. It was appre-
hended that a dissolution of the army would
ensue, and, at the earnest solicitation of General
Washington, resolutions were passed by Con-
gress providing that all those officers who served
till the close of the war, should receive half pay
for life. Relying on the plighted faith of the
Government, they continued m service till the
close of the war. After this service had been
rendered/when the battle had been fought and
won, th£ Continental Congress undertook to
modify this plighted faith of the nation by pro-
viding a commutation of five years'full pay in
lieu of half pay for life. Certificates were issued
for this commutation pay; but from the condition
of the country and the circumstances of the offi-
cers, whose necessities constrained them to re-
ceive these certificates, they were sold by the
holders at a great sacrifice upon their nominal
value. The heirs of these officers now pray that
Congress will redeem this plighted faith of the
nation, and that they may receive the compensa-
tion which was thus accorded to them by the res-
olutions of the Continental Congress in 1779 and
1780. I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have received and desire
to lay before the Senate, a memorial from the heirs
of officers of the Pennsylvania line, similar to the
one presented by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer.] It setsforfh in substance
what he has so well stated to the Senate, and I
concur with him in expressing the hope that these
memorials will be early considered and favorably
acted upon.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDIiN. J have been requested
to present the petition of Mis. Elizabeth A. R.
Linn, widow of Dr. Linn, late a distinguished
member of this body, praying for commutation
and interest for the revolutionary services of
Colonel William Linn; which I ask maybe re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
It was so referred.
NAVAL RETIRING EOARD.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, lam chai'g^J with
the presentation of several petitions complaining
of the action of the Board constituted under the
act of the last Congress, to promote the efficiency
of the Navy. My own opinion has been that
they should properly be presented and referred in
executive session; but I hold m my hand one from
Lieutenant John J. Glasson, which is addressed
to noth Houses of Congress, and a similar one
is to be presented to the House of Representa-
tives when that body shall be organized. He is
anxious that it should be presented at once, and,
in compliance with his reouest, I now present his
petition, complaining of the action of the Board,
and asking to be restored to the Navy. I move
its reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of William D.
Merrick and Benjamin C. Howard, special agents of the
State of Maryland, asking for the passage of a bill to explain
1 and eorieet the eironeous construction of a law of Consrre s
| approved 13th May, 18-26, entitled An act authorizing the
payment of interest due the State of Maryland." be taken
j from the files of the Senate aad leferred to the Committee
I on Finance.
