1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
i&t
these words here. He has held that, according
to the present law, without these words, there
was sufficient authority to try a man for cheating
in a mess bill, or anything else which this board
might deem an immorality.
But, sir, my reason for Supporting the amend-
ment is, that questions' of morals present no issue
cither in law or in fact. Some religious body,
such as the college of cardinals or a Presbyterian
synod, or any of the authorized assemblies of the
churches, would be a better tribunal than naval
officers to try such questions. It only leaves a
hole for people to wreak their vengeance. All
immoral acts which are deemed worthy of pun-
ishment are set forth, every one of them, in the
law governing the Navy, passed in 1799—theft,
drunkenness, and everything else that is consid-
ered improper. AH these things are designated
specifically, not leaving a man liable to the vague
and uncertain charge of being guilty of immo-
rality. What sort of immorality shall be punish-
able is set forth in the act of 1799, which has
existed from that day to this.
When you put a man on trial for immorality,
the law is made in the breast of the judges. It is
not a question capable of any judicial determina-
tion. It is not capable of any proof. You leave
it undefined, which I need not say is the worst
provision of a penal law.
I repeat again, every immoral act which the
Government of the country has deemed worthy
of punishment is enumerated in ifie act of 1799,
and the officer can be tried and cashiered, or
otherwise punished according to law, for any
one of them. I do not know of a single act
which is not embraced in that statute, which
ought to be embraced. That law has been fre-
quently amended so as to cover other eases; and if
it is defective now, you can amend it still further.
What will be the result if you allow men to
be tried for immorality? You know that a very
large class of persons hold that the most immoral
act which can be committed—" the sum of all
villainies"—is to hold a slave. I suppose that a
great many people believe so conscientiously, for
they say so; thousands and tens of thousands
say so. If you can convict for one immorality,
you certainly can convict for "the sum of all
villainies." There is nothing definite here; this
is no way to try people; it is not the basis on
which to institute criminal proceedings. It is
unheard of except in these unheard-of efforts to
try officers of the Navy in this bill, and in the
bill of the 28th of February, 1855, stretched by
departmental construction, and the usurpation
of tins board, over such classes of cases as would
reach their enemies and secure their own pur-
poses.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I agree entirely
with what has fallen from the honorable Senator
from Georgia, upon the power proposed to be
\ested in this court to try whether one has suffi-
cient morals to remain an officer of the Navy, for
the reasons so strongly assigned by him, that the
tribunal are to determine what are morals and
what are not. This matter is most strikingly
illustrated by a proceeding now pending in this
country, and not very far from this Chamber.
You find in a certain section of the country one
set of morals, and in another section of country
another set of morals: that is to say, what one
class of the community, or more properly, one
geographical section, determine is moral, another
determine is immoral. A very striking instance
has been presented by a very important body,
where they have determined, or rather a commit-
tee has determined, and determined it in reference
to one of my colleagues, that his failure to do an
act which would degrade him if he had done it,
in his own country, should subject him to the
reprehension of those who sit in judgment upon
him.
This matter of morals at last depends a great
deal on transient caprice or whim, on the state of
feeling, or the pecuiiaritiesofreligton.orsomething
rise in the different sections of the country, ana
I should be utterly opposed to placing any officer
in the power of a tribunal who are to determine,
and to make his commission the forfeiture, what
are morals and what are not morals. I think with
the honorable Senator from Georgia, that, if there
are any moral offenses for which an officer should
be dismissed from the Navy, they should be spe-
cified in the law.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, it is a very
far-fetched idea to suppose that, because the view
of morals may differ m our wide-spread country,
there are necessarily several standards of morals
in the Navy. There is no such discrepancy in
the Navy. There is but one common feeling on
that point, and they are not very stringent con-
struers of what morality should be.
Biit, in reply to the Senator from Georgia, let
me say those gentlemen are now to be examined
for tlieir fitness for the Navy. They are out of
the Navy, as I contend. Some of them have
been tried repeatedly for the identical offenses
which he has enumerated under the act of 1800,
which does specify the offenses in the Navy.
They may have been tried and found guilty, and
repeatedly punished. They may have been pun-
ished for drunkenness, time and again. The
punishments for that offense have all been, by
experience, limited. Courts-martial have been
lenient. But a man who has, four or five times
successively, shown himself intoxicated on duty,
becomes at last, in the opinion of his peers,
unfit to be in the Navy any longer. His crime,
the fifth time, is only legally what it was the
first time. The first time, it did not incapacitate
him; but it is the continuation of the perpetra-
. tion of the crime that renders him unfit for the
i performance of duty. Now you are called upon
| to appoint a court to decide a man's fitness. He
j has professional capacity and knowledge of duty;
; but he has been punished for drunkenness, not
| once, but five times. It is not the immorality of j
| once getting drunk—that could be pardoned— I
; but it is the evidence which it affords of his j
; habit; and if that habit be established, he is a j
' man unfit to be intrusted with your commission, '
| and I hold that the court should have power to !
! say so. I hold that the court should have power j
to go to your Department and examine the ;
records of that fact; and if they find that the
officer committed that offense repeatedly, which,
if committed once, would not have branded him
as immoral: yet if committed six or seven times, '
though he may have purged his offense in the
language of the law, lie is disqualified for the j
Navy; and, in selecting men anew, he should not i
be chosen. f
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think the view ofj
the honorable Senator from Florida sustains the j
propriety of retaining these words in the bill, i
He puts the case of habitual drunkenness. Well,
sir, habitual drunkenness would certainly be cov-
ered by ail inquiry into a man's professional con-
duet. That, I think, is beyond all doubt. Though
a man might be a good seaman, if he were a hab-
itual drunkard, certainly, in an inquiry into his
professional conduct, that would be ground for
disqualification. There cannot be a douht of it.
The danger is that, if the language cover all
classes of cases of that kind, you give a right to
inquire into a man's moral offenses, and it will be
a mere question of the opinion of the board. The
moral acts which affect a man's qualifications are
either subject to court-martial now, under exist-
ing laws, or they must necessarily affect his pro-
fessional qualifications, or they ought not to be
subjects of consideration. Under one or the other
of these classes, they must necessarily come. If
this language is left in the bill, it leaves (in addi-
tion to the instances stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia and the honorable Senator
from Georgia,) the widest latitude imaginable
to the caprice and opinion of the. individual mem-
bers of the court. It might so happen that you
would have on such a court of inquiry a series of
officers who would think it wrong to go to a horse- j j
race, or a theater, or to play cards, and consider ^
the acts immoral in themselves. Hundreds of '
men do. Others, again, think theacts themselves
perfectly indifferent, and involving no question of
morals whatever. An officer may be disrated in
consequence of an opinion of that kind, which
certainly is not a species of discretion that you ;j
should devolve on a court of inquiry; yet that is j
necessarily involved by inserting such language j
in the bill. In my judgment that was neeessa-1
rily involved to the same extent, and in the same
latitude in the dangerous construction given to
the law of 1855, by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Delaware, which, it seems to
me, will obviate the objections to his amendment. )
I sucecst to him to modifv it so as to put it in 11
the languagfc of th:e Substitute w'lnclrlfe proposed,
to offer, and which has beenprinted and laid on
our tables ;a"nd that is to give th"e court authority
to inquire irito " capacity and fitiiegs 'in all re-
spects. . - -
H1' J Kate no. ohj^ctibfi to,'that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have. We have been mis-
led once; wK/ruti the'dangWoflfaeairi?'/ '" '
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not mean to detain
the Senate, but I desire to state a single", reason
why I hope the ameridment will not be adopted.
The phrase "moral fitness" w^s.not contained-
in the a(?t*of last year. The Secretary of the'
Navy, in giving his instructions to the board'of
naval officers, authorized them to inquire; anct
they themselves'in theiy action inquired, into the
moral fitness of an officer to remain in the Havy.
It has been contended dii this floor,, with great
ability and with great show of reason, that, in
consequence of the absence of these words in
the act, the naval board and the Secretary of the
Navy were wrong. No\y,.jf you strike the
word " moral" out of this'bin you ca,n no longer
consider the question of immorality, as included
! in the term " professional." Therefore,'by con-
; fining your inquiry into the fitness of an officer
j professionally, mentally, and physically, and
j excluding by a positive vote the term " moral,"
j you make it a duty of the court of inquiry, as
I the Senator from Georgia very well suggested,
j to keep in the Navy a man stained with all the
I moral guilt with which he can* be stained,, arid
[ which may have produced such an efeet on his
I reputation that he is absolutely looked upon with
J scorn and contempt by those who'are under'.hjs
i official control, and after the officer has thereby
' become utterly unfit to perform his duty. I
think this will actually be giving" .such' a con-
struction by the Senate to the law of the last
session; and is very objectionable on that ac-
count.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nothing can be more fanciful
than the argument of the Senator from Louisiana.
What crimes are there which can make or ought
to make a man odious in the Navy which arc not
enumerated in the act of 1799, under which he
can be tried and punished ? Every act of immo-
rality which ought to disqualify him for the Navy
is provided for in that act. If you give a general
license to inquire into immorality to .this court,
they may turn out a man for whatever they
please, and you can never reach a judicial decision
on earth. I shall vote for this amendment to
condemn that interpretation of the act of 1855.
I desire that question to be decided. There the
Senate did not refer any such inquiry to the naval
board. I believe a majority of the, members on
this floor have said that they never meant to refer
such a question to it, and in my judgment they
never will refer any such question as that of
morals generally, as a reason for exclusion from
the service. They have punished, and they will
punish, acts of immorality. Those acts are pro-
vided for in the existing laws; if there are any
other acts of that kind that ought to excludc "a
man from the service, it is due to justice, it is
due to our institutions, that the charge should be
specified, and the man should know for what he
is going to be punished.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur in what has been
said by the Senator from Virginia, and the Sena-
tor from Georgia, to a great extent. I take.it for
granted that the Senator from Georgia has read
the act of 1800, to which he referred, defining of-
fenses in the Navy. I presume that anything
which has the character of moral turpitude is de-
fined in that act. All offenses implying moral
turpitude are subjects of fair trial, because they
admit of overt acts. But anything sounding in
what may be called abstract notions of morality,
assumes a range within which I would be willing
to trust no court on earth. Under such a juris-
diction as that I have no doubt that Frederick the
Great would have been excluded from the Navy:
for he was a gross infidel—the gfossest kind of
all infidels—he asked to be buried with his hounds.
He inculcated a system of morals which would
have broken down the very foundations of so-
ciety—the system of Voltaire. Probably Fred-
erick the Great, the most distinguished military
chieftain of his age, would bo unfit for a place in
our Navy, in the estimation of a court of inquiry,
upon account of his morals. 1 am willing that a
court shall take cognizance of offenses involving
