1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ment No, 20, exhibiting the population of each
State and Territory, according to the census of
1840, and the amount of the agricultural and
manufacturing productions of each, as taken from
the census returns of that year, to which is added
a column exhibiting the amount said productions
would give to each person in the several States
and Territories, and another column exhibiting
the amount of duty-paying imports for that year,
and another column showing what each person
in the several States find Territories would con-
sume of such imports, if the people of each con-
sumed them in proportion to the agricultural and
manufacturing productions of each. Also State-
ment No. 21, making the same exhibits from the
census returns of 1850. Also Statement No. 22,
exhibiting the value of United States manufac-
tures exported from the 30th of June, 1845, to 1
the 30th of June, 1855. Also Statement No. 23, ;
exhibiting the value of foreign merchandise an- :
nually imported, reexported and consumed, from I
1821 to the 30th of June, 1855. Also Statement |
No. 24, exhibiting the total value of infports,
and imports consumed in the United States, ex-
clusive of specie, during each fiscal year, from
1821 to 1855; showing also the value oWoreign
and domestic exports, exclusive of specie, and
the tonnage employed during the same periods. |
Also Statement No. 25, exhibiting a summary j
view of the exportation of domestic produce
from the 30th of June, 1847, to the 30th of
June, 1855. Also Statement No. 26, exhibit-
ing the value of certain articles, viz: woolens,
cottons, hempen goods, iron and manufactures
of iron, sugar, hemp unmanufactured, salt and
coal, from the 30th of June, 1844, to the 30th of
June, 1855, (after deducting the reexportations,)
with the amount of duty which accrued on each '
during the same periods respectively. Also State-
ment No. 27, exhibiting the value of foreign .
merchandise, and domestic produce, exported '
annually from 1821 to 30th of June, 1855. Also
Statement No. 28, exhibiting the quantity of j
wines, spirits, &c., imported annually from 1843 j
to the 30th of June, 1855. Also Statement No.
29, exhibiting the value of imports annually from
1821 to the 30th of June, 1855. Also Statement
No. 30, exhibiting the value of dutiable merchan-
dise reexported annually from 1821 to the 30th
of June, 1855, and showing, also, the value re-
exported from warehouse, under the act of
August 6,1846. Also Statement No. 31, exhib-
iting the aggregate value of breadstuff's and pro-
visions exported annually from 1821 to the 30th
of June, 1855. Also Statement No. 32, exhibit-
ing the quantity and value of cotton exported
annually from 1821 to the 30th of June, 1855,
and the average price per pound. Also State-
ment No. 33, exhibiting the quantity and value
of tobacco and rice exported annually from
1821 to the 30th of June, 1855. Also State-
ment No. 34, exhibiting the value of iron, and
manufactures of iron and iron and steel; steel;
wool and manufactures of wool; manufactures of
cotton; silk and manufactures of silk; flax; linen
and linen fabrics; hemp and manufactures of
hemp; manilla; sun and other hemps of India;
and silk and worsted goods, imported from and
exported to foreign^oun tries, from 1840 to 1855;
also showing the export of like articles, the pro-
duction of the United States. Also Statement
No. 35, exhibiting the value of iron, manufactures
of iron and iron and steel, steel, sugar, wines,
and all fabrics of which wool, cotton, silk, flax,
or hemp, is a component part, imported annually
from 1847 to 30th June, 1855, with the duties
which accrued thereon in each year respectively.
Also Statement No. 36, exhibiting the amount
refunded up to 1st November, 1855, under the act
dated the Qd day of March, 1855, for carrying
into effect the reciprocity treaty; and also the
amount of bonds canceled, as required by said
act. Also Statement No. 52, exhibiting the cus-
tom-houses purchased, those constructed and in
course of construction under appropriations, with
the number of hospitals constructed, in the course
of construction, and appropriated for. Also State-
ment No. 54, of the number of light-houses con-
structed, with the names of the several keepers.
Also the explanations of Messrs. Morgan and
Shannon of the tables upon the several censuses,
&c., submitted by them.
The foregoing Statements prove the past and
present condition of our currency, our tonnage,
our imports and exports, with the increasing re-
ceipts into our national Treasury from customs,
and our progress in population and industrial pur-
suits; also, that we have derived from thecustoms
the principal fund to pay our annual expenditures,
and from which we have discharged the debt of
our war of Independence and the war of 1812,
and are now discharging the debt created during
the Mexican war. They furnish a reliable guar-
anty that we shall be able to draw from the same
source, in future years of peace, more than an
economical administration of the Government
will require, and authorize a reduction of duties
to the atm-f.nt of some ten or more millions of
dollars; so arranged, that, by its own operation,
it will be gradual and continuous on some articles
of present importation, and, perhaps, in time,
produce the necessity of drawing the revenue re-
quired for our annual expenditures from other
sources.
In carrying into effect the tariff of 1846, con-
siderable difficulties have been encountered under
the eight schedules of thut act, imposing different
rates of duties on the merchandise embraced in
each. These difficulties, instead of diminishing,
as the adjustment of the questions arising at the
Treasury, and in the courts, takes place, seem to
increase, owing to the ingenuity of foreign man-
ufacturers and merchants in mingling materials
and modifying fabrics, and giving them new
names, until it is not possible to have uniform
action in levying duties at different ports, or cor-
rect classifications at the same ports. Tariffs or
tax laws should be so plain and explicit in the
terms used, as to make it impossible for right-
minded officials to misapprehend what it is lawful
to collect, and the importer what the law requires
to be paid.
In remodeling the tariff act of 1846,1 think
it would be proper to retain Schedule A of that j
act, and constitute another schedule to include j
iron, manufactures of iron, steel, manufactures of j
steel, sugar, wines, and all fabrics of which silk, !
wool, cotton, flax, or hemp is a component part,
whether manufactured in whole or in part, and
to impose a duty on the same of twenty-five or
thirty per cent., except flannels and cloths cost-
ing less than two dollars per yard, and blankets;
and to reconstruct the free list, so as to include
all the raw material used in our manufactures, as
proposed in my last report; and to impose on all
articles not in the above schedules, or in the free
list, a duty of not less than fifteen, nor more than
twenty per cent. Underatariff act so constructed,
there would be little or no difficulty in carrying
it into execution in the same way in all the ports,
and in properly classing the articles under the
schedules in the same port, nor in the collecting
officers understanding exactly what duty was to
be levied upon each article, nor the importer the
amount required to be paid; and it would cer-
tainly take less time at the port of entry, and re-
quire fewer officials to execute the law. The rate
of duty under the proposed schedule, and of all
other articles except Schedule A and the free list,
could be so fixed as to make the necessary re-
duction, and leave the aijpual revenue to increase
or diminish, as the imports of duty-payifig mer-
chandise should increase or diminish.
In recommending, for the third time, the re-
modeling the schedules of the tariff act of 1846,
and the reduction of the revenue from customs,
I have felt constrained, by a conviction of its pro-
priety, again to recommend, as one of the modes
of reducing the revenue, that the raw material
used in our manufactures should be admitted free
of duty.
Under laws of great wisdom and forecast, all
manufacturing countries, except the United States,
now admit the raw material used in their produc-
tions free of duty, thereby giving constant and
profitable employment to capital and labor, and
enabling their factories to furnish a cheaper arti-
cle, and better command both the home and for-
eign market, with beneficial employment to their
tonnage in making the exchanges.
The United States, under the Federal Consti-
tution, enjoy perfect freedom of trade with each
other, in all their agricultural, manufactured,
mineral and other productions. As to the raw
material, produced in the United States, and used
in the factories of other countries, those coun-
tries, under their laws, obtain the raw material
free, whilst we deny to the raw material produced
in those countries, and used in our factories, the
same freedom; thus failing to allow the same
constant and profitable employment of our capital
and labor, and the same beneficial occupation of
the home and foreign market with cheap articles,
of our own manufacture, and the same beneficial
employment of our tonnage in making the ex-
changes.
The proposed reduction of the revenue, by the
admission of the raw material used in our manu-
; factures free of duty, has the sanction of Congress
in the admission of guano, garden seeds, and
animals for breed, free of duty, being raw mate-
j rial for the use of agriculturists; also copper ore,
felt, (adhesive,) junk, (old,) oakum, plaster of
paris unground, platina unmanufactured, sheath-
I ing copper and sheathing metal, and in the return
i duty allowed on the exportation of refined sugars,
. which gives the raw material used by sugar re-
finers free of duty, to the extent the manufactured
article is exported. The principle is recognized
that taxes should only be levied for the purpose
of revenue, and I think it clear, inasmuch as the
duty is not needed, that the principle would not
be violated by authorizing the admission of the
raw material used in our manufactures, as pro-
posed, free of duty. It is suggested, in contra-
vention of the legislation of other manufacturing
countries, and as an indirect reduction of taxes
on the consumer of the home manufactured arti-
cle, and may well be considered a step in advance
towards free trade.
The tables extracted from the census of 1840,
i and that of 1850, exhibiting the amount of our
manufactures for those years, and the table of
the import of foreign manufactured goods for the
same years, and the table of the export of the
1 manufactures of the United States, offer ample
j evidence that we are already a great manufac-
i turing, as well as commercial and agricultural
people, enjoying a profitable home market for
; many of our productions, and a fair competition
in foreign markets for some of them.
j The census of 1840 was taken soon after the
I commercial revolution of 1837, which involved
j the fortunes of our merchants, our ananufac-
! turers, and agriculturists, and indeed all classes,
to such an extent, that the tables, combined with
the results of our imports, do not give either the
agricultural, manufacturing, or commercial busi-
ness of that year the favorable aspect they are
justly entitled to; but the census returns of 1850,
taken during a period of increasing prosperity for
all branches of our industry, exhibit fairly our
progress and the condition of all pursuits at that
time, and prove our continued increase in popu-
lation, in agricultural, iganufacturing, and com-
mercial expansion. •
An examination of the agricultural and manu-
factured articles, taken and returned under the
census of 1840 and 1850, will satisfy any one
that there are many articles of domestic produc- •
tion and manufacture not taken and returned,
and which greatly increased the capacity of the
producers to consume, and enlarged their fund
of exchangeable articles. It will be seen that
there is no account of the labor employed in im-
proving and clearing lands, in building canals and
railroads, houses, manufactories, steamships, and
other vessels, nor of the labor in transportation
on the ocean, the rivers, lakes, canals, railroads,
&c.; nor of the labor employed in our coal mines;
all of which may be estimated at half the value
of that engaged in our agricultural and manufac-
turing productions.
In examining our tables of exports and imports,
we find that in most years our imports exceed
our exports; and that fact affords to some the
argument that our foreign trade is ruinous to the
country. The commerce of nations is based on
the exchange of the commodities of one for those
of another, whether the exchange is made by
barter or upon sales for monoy and purchases
for money. The exchange may not be between
the same two nations, but the general result of
equivalents on the trade of each with all. The
exports exchanged for the imports, and the differ-
ence the fair profit and loss on the whole. It
