December IS,
clerks, subject to tHe existing; law. That is the
present arrangement, and if they conform to the
law. already existing, 1 am willing to leave to
them the discretion as to the person who shall be
employed, well assured thatthey will consultthet
public interest in exercising that discretion.
Mr, BAYARD. If the existing law prevents
the appointment of a committee clerk who is per-
forming other functions under the Government,
of course the proviso is entirely useless. If it
does not, I, for one, am not disposed to restrict
the authority of committees of the Senate to se-
lect the most appropriate person for the perform-
ance of duties, because he may happen to have
some other function connected with the executive
departments. I view the employment of a clerk
exactly in the same mode as the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, as the employment of
an agent for the purposes of the committee, and
not as an officer of the Government. I do not
think the law applies to it; but if it does, the pro-
viso is unnecessary; and if it does not apply, I
do not think we ought to provide here beyond
the extent that Congress themselves have pleased
to legislate on the subject of the incompatibility
of offices. I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I dislike to
attempt to do a thing inconsistent with the gen-
eral sentiment and feeling of this body. I under-
stand the construction has been given, which was
alluded to by the Senator from South Carolina,
that the appointment of these clerks amounts only
to employment, and that, therefore, it is no vio-
lation of the existing law to appoint as clerks to
committees persons who are employed in the
Departments, although they receive a regular
fixed compensation both in the Departments and
as clerks of committees. That, I thought, was
wrong. I thought there was no impropriety in
offering this amendment. If it should turn'out
that inconvenience would arise, as suggested by
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Eltjnteii,] I
should be perfectly willing to vote to give to the
Committee on Finance a permanent clerk. I
believe that committee ought to have a perma-
nent clerk, and I think no other committee should.
I would a great deal rather agree to that than con-
tinue, the present system. At the very hour when,
by the rules of the Departments, their clerks are
required to be there, our committees sit, and it is
necessary to have the clerks in the committee
rooms. I wish to abolish that system. If my
amendment affects nobody, nobody is hurt by it.
If it is right in principle, I consider it is 110 reflec-
tion on the committees, because no one is alluded
to, either in terms or in intention, in offering it.
_ The amendment was rejected; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to without amendment.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 13, 1855.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAICER.
The election of Speaker being the business in
order, the Clerk proceeded to call the roll on the
fifty-first vote for Speaker, with the following
result: "Whole number of votes cast, 224; neces-
sary to a choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 105
William A.'Richardson  75
Henry M. Fuller    33
Benjamin F. Leiter  *, 2
James L. Orr ,.,  1
Alexander C. M. Pennington  1
Warner L. Underwood         l
John Scott Harrison .   1
FeUx K. Zollicoffer    1
William A. Lake     \
Samuel A. Smith      1
Humphrey Marshall  1
John Williams......      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradahawj Bronton, Buffington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson.Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, £>am-
rell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickf-on,
Dodd, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger.Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl.ton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killian Mil-
ler, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Peiton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,- Robbins, Roberts,
Rohison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Traftoo,. Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washbura, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff", and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richterdson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, Ihckman, Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Keitt.Kelly, Itidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S.Marshall, Maxwell,McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson,Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Ball, Broom, John P. Camp-
bell, Cathie, Cox, Cullcn, Edie, Eustis, Foster, J. M.omson
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett, Lindley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Millward, Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Scott, William it. Smith, Snecd,
Swope, Tiippe, Underwood, Valk, Whitney, and Zolli-
coffer.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Edwards.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Harrison-—Mr. Henry M. Fuller*
For Mr. ZollUoffcr—Mr. Lake.
For Mr. Lake—Mv. Humphrey Marshall.
For Mr. Smith—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr- Marshall—Mr. Walker.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
During the call of the roll, and on the name of
Mr. McMullen bcing_ called—
Mr.McMIILLIN said: Before I give my vote,
I take occasion to give notice to the House that,
unless there shall bo an election effected within
the next three days, I shall submit a proposition
to the House by way of compromise. I vote for
Richardson.
Mr. FLORENCE. Suppose we adjourn now
for three days. [Laughter.]
The Clerk again called the roll, and the follow-
ing was the result of the fifty-second rote: Whole
number of votes cast, 222; necessary to a choice,
112; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 104
William A. Richardson  75
Henry M. Fuller 32
Benjamin F. Leiter  2
Alexandei C. M. Pennington  2
James L. Orr  1
Felix K. Zollicoffer  1
William A.Jjake   d
John Williams  1
Warner L. Undeiwood  1
John Scott Hamson   1
Humphrey Marshall   1
Philip T. Herbert ....  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banlis—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bmgham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Cumback,
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Bean, Be Witt, Dick, Dick-
hon, Dodd, Durl'ce, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings,
Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, Holloway,
Thomas R. lioiton, Valentine; B. Horton, Howard, Hugh-
ston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kun-
kel, Loiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Mori ill, Mott, Mui ray, Nichols, Norton,
AndrewOhvoi, Paiker, Pearce, Peiton, jPcnninztou, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Purvianee, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Robison,
Sabin, Sago, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu 15. Washburne, Israel Wash-
hum, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Baiclay,
Barksdale, Bell,Heniy S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks,Burnett, Cadwalader, Caiuthers, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kcitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkms,
Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wught.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Carhle, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Edie, Eustis,
Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Kennett, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall. Paine, Porter,
Puryear, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Scott, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood, "Valk, Walker, Whit-
ney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mrs Pennington—Messrs; Edwards and Ball.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Zollicoffer—Mr. Lake. .
For Mr, Lake—Mr, Humphrey Marshall.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr, Underwood—Mr. Etheridge-
For Mr. Harrison—^Mv. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Walker.
For Mr. Herbert—Mr. Richardson.
The Clerk called the roll on the fifty-third vote
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
numbSr of votes cast, 222; necessary to a choice,
1X2; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 104
William A. Richardson 74
HenryM. Fuller..,.     ....34
Benjamin F. Leiter   2
Alexander C. M. Pennington  2
James L. Orr ,. 1
Warner L. Underwood  L
John Scott Harrison     1
Fehx IC. Zollicoffer   1
John Williams  1
William W.Boyce.....   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bihmghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingame, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Oragin, Cumback, Damrell,
TunothyOavis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee,Oniric, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Gran
ger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R.
Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter,
Mace, Matteson. McCarty, Meaeham, KilHan Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Paiker, Peaice, Peiton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Purvianee,Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabin,
Sage. Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton, Strana-
han, Tappan, Thorington. TiiuTr-ton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, EliJni B. Wasnbume, fsrael WasJibum, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodiuff,and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Batksdalc, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bovvie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Ciawford. Denver, Dowdeli, Edinundson, Elliott, English,
Evans. Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris. Thomas
L. Hams, Herbeit, Hickman. Houston, Jewett,George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver,Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, SamueJ A. Snath, William Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, VaiJ, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Winslmv, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Cox, Cullen, Henty Winter Davis, Edie, Eustis, Foster,
J. Moinson Harris, Hanson, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lindley. Humphrey Marshall, Alexander K. Marshall, Mill-
ward, P.tine, Porter, Puryear,Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Seott,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Bail and Edwards.
For Mr. Orr—Mi. Williams.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Zollicoffer—Mr. Lake.
For Mr. William^—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Boyce—Mr. Richardson.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll on
the fifty-fourth' vote for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 222*
necessary to a choice, 112; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received ........104
William A. Richardson   74
Henry M. Fuller  35
Benjamin F. Leiter   2
Alexander C. M. Pennington  2
Warner L. Underwood  1
John Scott Harrison  j
John Williams     ]
James L. Orr     1
James A. Stewart   2
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour*
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway,Thomas
K. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham, Killian Millei, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Pearce, Peiton, Pennington, Peirv, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Puivianee, Ritchie, Rohbins, Roberts, Robi-
son, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spmner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
