MM
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
July 14,
unjustly obtained, and we do not want to put
them back;
Sir, I think the bill is delusive—I believe that
is a civil-word, and I do not wish to use anything
in these days that is offensive, I believe the bill
is delusive; and if the honorable chairman will
give me his ear, I will tell him why. It proposes
to put these men, by,the action of- this court, iii
precisely the same place which they would have
occupied if the board had not disturbed them, and
at the same time the Senate proceeds to confirm
the nominations which the President has sent
here. Let me state this case. There is no diffi-
culty in relation to a captain; I see that plainly
enough; but-let me take a commander. Let me
suppose the commander to be fifth on the list. I
speak this at random, for I do not know who he
is. Let me suppose that the one who stood sixth
'on the list has been promoted. Then he stands
captain by the nomination of the President, and
by your confirming him he is captain by the ac-
tion of the President and Senate. Now, how
are you going to get the fifth commander back into
the place that belongs to him after you have pro-
moted another man over his head, and lieis con-
firmed by the Senate ? Perhaps it may be done.
I perceive that the honorable Senator from Flor-
ida smiles as if he saw how it could be done. I
hope he will satisfy the Senate about it. I do not
see how it can be done. I think if they are eon-
firmed they will take rank from their date, and
this bill is delusive in promising it to them.
But I confess, in regard to the amendment of
the Senatorfrom North Carolina, that if it were
an original proposition I should be in favor of it;
hut connected as it is with the batch of nomina-
tions which has been sent here, and which we are
to confirm, I think the operation of it will be un-
just, and, as at present advised, I shall vote
against it for that reason.
The amendment of Mr. Biggs was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move an amend-
ment, which I suppose is necessary in order to
render this bill somewhat consistent. The Sen-
ate have already amended it by providing that,
upon the request of an officer, within ninety days
after its passage, or within thirty days after the
return of any officerto the United States, provided
he shall return within one year, he shall be enti-
tled to a court of inquiry, if he has been fur-
loughed, retired, or dropped. The object, of
couiso, of the court of inquiry, is to enable him
to be restored to service if he has been improper-
ly retired or dropped. The second section of the
bill authorizes the President to restore them
within six months after the passage of the law.
They are inconsistent with each other. J move
to strike out "six months," and insert "one
year," in the fourth hue of the second section.
I think it is a litigatory right which you are giv-
ing to an o/Ticcr who has been absent IVuni' the i
United States at the passage of the bill, if lie re- '
turns within one year. |
The object of the court is to give him a hear- 1
ing, and, if the court shall differ from the action 1
of the board, to enable the President to restore I
him.. lie cannot restore him unless he does it
within six.inonths, by the second section. I sub- 1
mit, therefore, as the committee assented to the '
first provision, that in order to make them accord I
tliey must strike out "six months " jn the second I
section and insert " one year;" and also, in the
third line of the thiid section, strike out "six •
months and insert "one year." The alterations :
should be made in both sections in order to make !
the bill consistent with itself. j
The amendments were agreed to i
. The PRESIDING Ol-TiCER, (Mr. Wkller
an the chair.) . If no further amendment be :
ottered to the original bill, the question will be on j j
the motion of the Senator from Georgia to strike i
out the bill, and insert the substitute proposed '
by him. ;j
Mr. HUNTER. If that is adopted, will it be ';
m order further to amend the bill? j '<
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. No, sir. i
Sir. HUNTER. Then I now move, before !j
the question is taken on the substitute, to strike '!
out the first two sections of the original bill, and j
Mr TOOMBS1'^'1"^ } h°,d in ra?llalld'
ran £ J i, lf,ono substitute fails, another !
SeLuJ f „ir- P?r-the PurPot!C of allowing the
SSr t0-°fe his Position, 1 j!
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to strike out
all of the original bill, to the enacting clause, and
insert the following as a substitute:
That upon written request made within ninety days after
the passage of this act by any officer of the Navy who was
dropped from the rolls thereof, or placed upon the reserved
list in consequence or by virtue of an act approved February
28, 1855, entiled "An act to pi oinote the efficiency of the
Navy," the Seeietaryoftlie Navyshuli cause the capacity
and fitness in all respects of such officers for the naval service
to be mvesugated by a court of inquiry, which shall be
governed by the laws and regulations which now govern
courts of inquiry. And the Secretary of the Navy shall
present the facts and opinions of the court m each case to
the President of the United States; and if, upon the finding ot
any such court of inquiry, the President should be of opinion
that the said officer should be restored to the active service
or placed otherwise on the retired list of the Navy, he, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may thus
place said officer, or lestore him to Ins former rank with such
promotion as he would have been entitled to if Ins position
had not been aftected by the action of the naval boaid
under the act aforesaid 5 and so much of the provisions of
that act as are inconsistent with this, shall be and are liei eby
repealed: Provided, however, That no officer shall sit in
any eouitor couits of inquiry constituted for the purpose of
this act, whose lank may be affected by the decision of the
court.
Sec. 2. Jlnd lie it further enacted, That the President
shall have power, at all times, to call together a coui t of
inquiry for the puipo&e of ascertaining the capacity of any
officer of the Navy to perforin his duty; and when the said
court shall have found the facts and pronounced its opinion,
the Piesident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, tnay retire said otficcr upon leave of absence, or
flllloiigh: Provided, however, That if the President should
be of the opinion that the officer should be retained on the
active-service list, he may so order and direct.
Mr. MASON. As I understood the reading
of the amendment, it confines those to be sent
before the court of inquiry to those now on the
reserved or retired list.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; it allows all the
dropped, or retired, or reserved list, to go before
the court of inquiry.
Mr. MASON. Butitdoes not extend to other
officers of the Navy, who have not been placed
on either the reserved list, or retired list, or
dropped. I am disposed to think, from whatl have
heard, that there are many who have been re-
tained on the active list who really are less fit for
active service tlmn many placed on the retired
list.
Mr. HUNTER. The second section provides
for that. |
Mr. MASON. The second section, if I under- !
stand it, provides that the President shall have;
power, at any time, to call a new court, or dif-
ferent sets of courts, for the puipose of passing |
on such cases. I was struck with the provision ;
in the amendment which has been suggested by j
the Senator from Georgia, which is intended to j
authorize the President to send the names of any ;
other officers of the Navy besides those who may :
have been retired, to the court. I submit to my ;
colleague to allow that to be introduced in his
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that;
I think the two sections together will accomplish ,
the purpose; but I have no objection to including <
it, if my colleague will reduce his amendment to j
writing. |
Mr. MASON. It is in the second section cf I
the amendment offered by the Senator from i
Georgia, in these words: J
And all other offieeis whose names may be submitted to '
said court by the President of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I accept that.
Mr. MASON. I call tor the yeas and nays .
on the amendment as modified. I
Mr. IVERSON. I suggest to the Senate the !
propriety of allowing the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Virginia to be printed, and then let us
adjourn until to-morrow, when it can be laid on |
our desks, so that we can understand what it is. :
I do not, myself, understand it. 1
Mr. HUNTER. The object of the amend- i
nicnt is to provide that all tho.se who desire it '!
whether they have been dropped or placed upon
the retired list, may have an opportunity of
having a fair trial before a court of inquiry. It >i
is intended to postpone action on the promotions ;
until we can thus ascertain w ho are in the Navy '
and who are out of it. The President is author- ;
ized under this amendment to send down (after
the finding of this court of inquiry, which they '
may either affirm or disaffirm, at pleasure) nom- I
matioiis to fill up the vacancies. The difference ''
oetween this amendment and that of the Senator !j
from Georgia, as I understand it, is, that this
leaves the existing naval establishment where it
is; his reduces it. The bill of the Naval Com-
mittee, on the other hand, proposes to increase
the existing naval establishment. This will leave
it precisely where it is now fixed by law. The
effect will be, as I said before, that those officers
who would be promoted under the action of this
board., if that action were now affirmed, will have
to wait till the commencement of the next session.
By that time we can ascertain who are in and
who are out of the Navy, for those who desire a
trial will have it; and those who do not desire a
trial will of course submit to the action of the
board. After this trial we can fill up existing
vacancies, and keep the establishment where
it is.
Now, sir, in regard to those officers who are
compelled to wait, as I said before, it is true, the
time when they will be invested with this new
rank will be delayed some few months by this
amendment. No doubt, however, they will be
assigned commands corresponding with the new
rank in most instances, and will receive the pay
attached to those commands. The rank itself
they will get at the commencement of the next
session. We shall then be able and ready to act
upon these nominations. I see no other way by
which we can reach the evils of this case, except
by postponing the action on these nominations
until the next session. If we attempt to settle it
now, wc have to do one of two things—reduce
the establishment as the Senator from Georgia
proposes, or increase it as is proposed by the
Naval Committee.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senatorfrom Georgia
has introduced an amendment, and he seems to
dwell with peculiar force on the provision of it
which gives every man a hearing before a court
of inquiry, whether dropped or retired. The bill
of the committee does precisely that. That 13
the object of it, and that is what the Senate so
far has adopted. 1 imagine that the Senatorfrom
i Virginia is not giving "due consideration to the
| position of officers who are to be promoted. If
i the Senate shall pass them over without acting
| on them at this session of Congress, that intro-
i duces a question somewhat delicate. I am dis-
1 posed to act 011 the nominations, and not to pass
I them over and raise that question, w ith due defer-
' ence to the opinion of the Senator from Virginia.
The only point in his amendment is to pass
over the nominations. That is what he wishes
to get at, to give the nominations now before the
Senate the go-by. I know very well it would
haie 110 effect on the Senator from Virginia, to
say to him that forty-six gentlemen from his
State are waiting for their promotions, because
he proceeds on general principles. But he talks
about increasing, increasing, the Navy! Why,
sir, I apprehend the effect will not be to increase
the number of the Navy at all, because we have
nothing like the number jn the service now that
we had when the reform bill was passed; and I
doubt, from my own knowledge of the Navy,
whether a sufficient number wilf apply for restor-
ation to bring the ranks up to what they were
when the act of February 28, 185o, was passed.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
011 Mr. Hunter's amendment, resulted—year, 17,
nays 29; as follows:
V'EAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Brieht, Duller, frittrn-
dm, I'o'-t, fin If, Hunter. lver-011, .1. ,,f Tcnne«ee,
."Uo.on, Peaiee, Pugh. Toonib-, Wade, WeUei,and Wilson
-17.
\ \YS
->fes-
._ Allen, r,c|l of Sew Hampshire. Bell of
■ J-cnnesyje, Benjamin, Bistler, Prodliead. Brown, t'l.iv,
! tlajton, CollH.nct Dodge, Dundee. Evans IV-scmleL,
1'y'>''''I'Oi-ter, Gejrr, II,unlm. .lames. Johnson,
Jlallory, 1 ratt, keid, Sebastian, Shdi'll, Stuart, Toucey,
and \ulee—-i'J. ' "
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMHS. 1 now move my substitute;
and ask for the yeas anil navs upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRII 11:._\ 1)P,~\, I dfsire, before I vote
on tills question, to make a few remarks calling
the. attention of the Senate particularly to the
Ciltureiice m 'principle between the two proposi-
tions which are presented. All that the Naval
Committee ptopose of justice to tho,,.- who have
been deprived of their rank by the finding of thitf
body is contained in the first section of their bill.
Upon t^e written request of any party he is to
be brought betore a court of inquiry. His case
is to be examined by that court of inquiry, and
