1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if they find in his favor, what then? What is J
the redress to be given him when he has passed
through this trial) and it is found'that he has been
unjustly deprived of his rank and station? Here
it Is:
" T.he Secretary of the NaVv shall present Hie facts and
the opinion ot the court to the President of the United
States for his consideration and such action as lie thnll
deem consistent with justice arid the interests of the pub-
lic service."
That is the justice which he is to have. It is
to be reported to the President that a verdict in
favor of this gentleman has been found, and then
the President is to consider what action he shall
deem consistent with justice in relation to it.
He may nominate him to the Senate—that is to
say, if he pleases This is the proposition of the
committee. Is this all the justice which the
Senate is disposed to administer to such parties?
That is the question.
The substitute which is offered by the Senator
from Georgia proposes the same trial and exam-
ination before a court of inquiry, and if that court
of inquiry shall report that all the proceedings of.
the naval board as to any officer are wrong, they
are to be a nullity, and void and of no effect from
the beginning, and the party is thereby restored
to his rank; the judgment of conviction against
him is leversed, held for naught, and the man is
restored of necessity to his former rank.
Which of these 'remedies do the Senate suppose
to be most suitable to this case? Sir, is it not
worse than a mockery of justice—is it not tantal-
izing these men completely, to subject them, after
the injustice which they allege they have suffered,
and we believe many of them have suffered, to a
second examination and trial, and when upon
that they shall be acquitted, and averdiet rendered
in their favor, iheyareto be then subject exactly
to such justice as the President of the United
States may think proper to administer to them,
by nominating them to the Senate or not just as
he pleases! Why, sir, lie may do that without '
any court of inquiry. He may do that to you, j
or to me, or to any citizen of this Republic, with-
out any such provision by Congress.
What, then, have you done for these gentle- i
men? Are you willing to mock them, and to
mock the. country, and to mock yourselves, with
a pretense and a semblance of justice and retri-
bution to these men, when really you do them
110 advantage whatever ? You have not taken a
solitary -5tep towards the restoration of their
rights. You consider them as outlawed, and you
merely remove the outlawry, and leave them to
stand where they were, and as every citizen of
the country is eligible, if the President chooses to
appoint him to an office. There is no relief
whatever granted. And are we to be content to
rest here ? Are we to be content with what may-
be done by this Navy Department, from which,
by its action, whether intentional or unintentional,
this injustice has proceeded? You now are for
atrial of these men, and promise justice by a
court of inquiry; but you refer them to the same.
Department,.and to the Presidentin his functions
connecting him with that Department, for such ;
justice as that Department and the President,
acting in the case, shall think proper.
It is a denial of justice; and all the hopes, and
all tlie promises of justice which we have held
out, arc nothing but dust and ashes; and we, the
Senate of the United States, stand by and see the
grossest wrong that ever was perpetrated under
this Government—flagrantly done before our
eyes. We have debated it enough to know it,
and understand it, and yet we turn our backs,
and leave this injustice go unremedied. Sir, no
good can ever come of this to the country, or to
the nation. This is such a gross—such an out-
rageous piece of injustice, that it will bring its
own retribution after it. Two hundred and one
ofUccrs of the selected band, who have brought
such honors home to this country, who have given
triumph to the country in times past, are now
by one board cut down. This is not reformation;
this is annihilation. It is not justice; it is de-
struction, and how, in the name of God, the Sec-
letaryof the Navy, and those who are at the
head of affairs, can stand by and see such a
shocking piece of manslaughter committed with-
out feeiingsome repugnance, some, conscientious-
ness about it, is to me astonishing.
We are told they are not ail exactly qualified
for all the duties afloat and ashore, and their
moralities are not all perfect as some might
think; and under this broad, extensive, unmeas-
ured, and illimitable jurisdiction, this board
has acted upon them. I'hey have trodden down
men that you know, Mr. President, that I know,
and that every Senator here knows, are as com-
petent to command, and as competent to main-
tain the flags of their country as any man that
condemned them; and when Isay so, I mean to
say equal to any men of the Navy. Not one,
not two, not ten, not twenty only, have been
literally trodden under foot; and the Senate of
the United States ought to afford, and I must
believe at last will afford, to such monstrous,
such enormous injustice as this, such a remedy.
It will not be sanctioned, I trust, by our vote.
The thing cannot go " unwhipped of justice."
Here is injustice enough to sink a Navy. We
have sat by and debated and debated it until the
question is broken off into little points, 011 a little
amendment hero and a little amendment there.
We have forgotten the great body, the great sub-
stance of the cause which we are upon. My
object is to recall the Senate to a sense of the
gross injustice—I believe it the grossest ever
perpetrated in this country. I do not believe
the like of it can be found 111 the history of man-
kind. No Roman censor evei  condemned so
many on a survey of the Roman empire. No
body of reformers ever went to work with fire
and faggot, that have accomplished the work
more extensively, in pursuing the field they had
to go over, than this board. 1 speak of the ac-
tions of this board. Of the gentlemen compos-
ing it I have nothing to say. I speak of the act.
I say it is an act of palpable ■prima facie injustice.
We know it is so from memorial upon memorial;
and the committee who have proposed this rem.
edy to pass all this injustice over, and confirm
all the officers, have had the subject tinder con-
sideration for two or three months, with sixty
or .seventy eases before them, and they have not
to this day reported on a single one of them.
Why is it that they have not maintained the
deelaiations made here in argument, that no injus-
tice had been done 111 this matter? Why have
they .not sustained the declaration by making re-
ports, and laying before us the facts to show us
that these memorialists were justly dealt by?
Not a solitary ease, has been presented, though I
know that some of these men have b eu pressing
for a trial under 1I10 belief that nothing could be
proved against them—under the full belief that
their trial would not occupy one hour; yet not
a step has the committee made in the investiga-
tion of any of these cases, as far as I hear, ex-
cept one solitary case. Bartlett'scase is the only
one I know of which they have iimistigated.
Why is this? It is because the chairman has
been content to pass otf all this inquiry into a
general one upon vague and general principles,
to support in a body the acts of the board. That
is supposed to be an easier matter than to do jus-
tice by giving trial to these individuals; and so
we go.
Now, sir, I hope the Senate will not deride in
favor of the biil which gives 110 remedy. It is a
mockery of justice. It can atlord nothing. I can-
not believe that the Senate of the United States
will ever do this. Some iclief, if not to the ex-
tent proposed by the gentleman from Georgia, is
due 10 some of these men. The flower of our
Navy has been cut down. Yes, sir; some among
the bravest, among the most demoted, among the
most intelligent of these officers, are those who
have been swept, away.
Sir, I do not intend to go into any personali-
ties on this subject. J mention it not because it
is personal, but because it is known to all the
world that they have struck down Maury. He
is not fit for the Navy—a man who has shed
more luster on ns than all the commodores who
belong to us, young and old. Not one of them
lias conferred such reputation on the Navy as
he has. Why has he been struck down? I re-
gret that I named him, because it would lead me
perhaps to do equal justice by naming a dozen
others, whom 1 know—not with his scientific
qualifications, but with every soldierly and every
honorable quality that make an officer, or can
make a gentleman.
With this sense of the wrong and injustice
before me, I could not sllow this vote to go in
silence through the Senate, without raising.my.
poor and feeble voice, I wish it were a. thousand
times more potential here.in .their, behalf. , We
are about, if we pass the bill, to sacrifice these
men to this board—to its unknown and mysteri-
ous proceedings, without, I affirm, anyjurisdic-
don, but departing aiiogetUer i'rom that junsdie-
tioh which the act of Congress intended to.confer
on them—shut up in the secrecy t.o, which tfiW-
were confined, (by law, if you,please, and wh'ieh-
they could not avoid, acting upon a la,w ss.vagus
and indefinite as darkness itself,) mixing up
questions of morality, their opinions about
questions of morality, their opinions about the
gossip which they had heard circulated in the
Navy to affect this man or that man's character.
We are to sacrifice and to disgrace men upon
such grounds! They took about five or six-
minutes—I believe it is so calculated from the
time they were occupied.—oil each case.; A guil-
lotine could not have done the work more-pre*
cipitately or more completely than they did it.
From this, I appeal to every honorable and just
man to know whether, it is to pass-without some
reparation and some redress here,.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, addressed the Senate;
and before he concluded his remarks, at four
0 'clock 
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee allow me to ask him if he will give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will not, unless
it is the general wish. ['* Yes!" " No!"] Itis
four o'clock, and I will yield to the wish of any
gentleman, but I do not wantlo disappoint the
policy of the majority of the Senate.
Mr. II ALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion. I hope the Senate .willnot adjourn
before disposing of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being,
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Bright. Crittenden, Evans, Fitz-
patriek, Foot, Hale, tverson, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce,
Tlio'iip-on of Kentucky, Toombs, and Wade—13.
IS'AVrt — Allen, Benjamin, Killer, Brodhead,
Ilruwn, Clay. Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Fessenden, Fish,
Foster. Geyer, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
i'latt, t'uuli, Kent, Sebastian, Slideli, Stuart, Toucey, Wel-
ter, and Yulee -26.
So the Senate i-efused to adjourn.
M r. B ELL, of Tennessee, resumed his remarlcs;
and concluded by offering an amendmentto the
second section of the original bill, to strike out
the proviso which limits the number that may be
restored to the active list, without regard to the
requirements of the existing law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
| nays have been demanded upon the proposition
| to strike out the original biil, and insect the sub-
i stitute of the Senator from Georgia. The amend-
ment proposed by. the Senator from Tennessee
will not therefore be in order now.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. This is still per-
fecting the original bill.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It will be in
i1 order afterwards.
' Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But if the original
bill be stricken out it will not be in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
ji to amend the substitute. The yeas and nays have
11 been required on the proposition-to strike out and
\ 1 instrt.
Mr. WELLER. I think that the effect of a
\ motion to amend the original bill now is to op-
!: crate as a suspension of the vote which has been
■: ordered to be taken on the substitute, because it
11 is always in order to amend the original bill before
j: the vote is taken on the substitute.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think that is the
h fair parliamentary law. We shall have nooppor-
T tunityof testing this question but by taking it
>: now.
!' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senate
!, refuses to strike out the original bill, and insert
I' the substitute of-the Senator-from Georgia, the
, amendment of the Senator from Tennessee wil]
j! be in order; it is not in order after the yeas and
11 nays have been ordered on the proposition to
! strike out and insert.
:■ Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will not appeal-'.
:! from the decision;, but the principle"of it is, thiit
i! the parliamentary law is overruled- because the -
!: yeasamdnays are called for! I suggest merely,
. that a preposition to amend a bill, and any. sec-
