1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The system of accounting at the Treasury of
the United States is that of accounting in an
action of account in a suit at law, or a suit in
equity, by reference to an accountant or master
in chancery, with or without instruction, as the
parties and court deem necessary for a full exhibit
of the facts. The accountaat or master states
the account for and against tne parties, plaintiff
and defendant, and makes report in writing of
the items allowed and disallowed, with reference
to the evidence and the law applicable to the
same. The parties appear before the accountant
or master in person or by attorney, and furnish
the evidence relied upon, and also references to
the law. The practice is, to file the account and
report in court, and give a day to the parties to
except, which is done in writing, and afterwards
the case is heard by the court, and the exceptions
sustained or overruled, and judgment or decree
regularly entered. The same course is pursued
where no exceptions are filed. The court has
power to recommit the case to the same or an-
other accountant or master for a restatement of
the account, upon such principle as is thought
essential for justice between the parties. Before
judgment or decree, these accounts and reports
are examined and considered by the court, from
which an appeal or writ of error is generally
allowed to a tribunal composed of other judges,
whose office is to adjudge cases that have had
the action of inferior tribunals. The points ruled
in these cases,at law and in equity, are preserved
in printed fepbrts, and are important in estab-
lishing the construction of statutes and contracts,
and the principles of the common law, the prin-
ciples of equity, rules of evidence and practice
for the guide and in restraint of courts in analo-
gous cases. .
The accountants in the Treasury make their
stated accounts upon the evidence produced by
the claimant or person required to account, wlio
acts in person or by attorney. The accountant,
■under the authority of the Auditor, acts for the
United States, in the ascertainment 6f all counter-
demands or set-offs which the United States have
against the party, and takes the necessary pfoof
■to establish the same, and to countervail the
proof of the claimant or accounting jiarty.
The first question for the decision of the
accountant when a claim fir account is presented,
is, whether, under the acts of Congress establish-
ing the auditorshrp to which he is attached, the
case presented is under its jurisdiction, in whole
or in part. The second, as to the sufficiency of
the account returned under the law and regula-
tions, the legality of the items claimed', and the
sufficiency of the proof offered. The third is,
what demands or set-offs the United States havfe
against the claimant or person accounting; aid
the proof to sustain the same. In the progress
of Eis work, the accountant counsels -frith the
chief of his division or with the Auditor.
When the account is stated, it shriuli be accom-
panied by a written report, succinctly stating the
items charged against the claimant or |«arty Aft-
counting, and the credits allowed, referring to "the
law and regulations that govern them, and the
proof that sustains the same. It shottld also ex-
hibit the items disallowed, and state the reason's
why disallowed; and then it should be examined
by the head of the division and have the indorse-
ment of his approval, and then be examined and
adjudged by the Auditor, and, if approved-, should
be signed by him.
The Auditor has the right to recommit the ac-
count to the same or another accountant, with
such directions as to the items of the account on
the debit and credit side, and the law and evi-
dence, as he deems requisite to the justice of the
case.
The reference of the case to the accountant is
the act of the Auditor, just as the references in
cases at law and in equity are the acts of the
courts. They are considered as made tinder the
general rules in force in the office, but in -some
cases are referred with specific instructions. In
all cades of extraneous proof—that is, proof not in
some of the accounting offices of the Treasury—
the Auditor should be consulted', and authorize the
proof, before it is taken.
When the Auditor lias finally acted upon the
account, and affixed his signature to the same,
the account, with all the original evidence, docu-
ments, arguments, and references, is passed to the
Comptroller, who, by law, is vested with authority
t« reexamine and rejudge the same, in all partic-
ulars, not only upon the case as presented or
made before the Auditor, but as the party, claim-
ant, or person accounting, may make it before
him, or as he sees proper to cause it to be made
for the interest of the United States. The Comp-
troller, therefore, examines and adjudges the ac-
count, not solely upon the account anjl report
made by the Auditor, and the evidence before him,
but as the evidence presents % case at the time
he decides it. a
The practice in tliF Comptroller's office is, to
refer the accounts and reports, &c., as received
from the Auditor's office, to an accountant in the
former for reexamination and report; and this
reference is made under the general rules of the
office, or with such special instructions as the
Comptroller may choose to give. If the Comp-
troller's accountant finds the account and report
of the Auditor correct in all particulars, he so
reports to the Comptroller; and if he, on examin-
ation, approves, he does it by indorsement under
his hand. The account is then closed, and forms
the basis of a warrant upon the Treasury, if the
balance be against the United States, or a call for
payment, if the balance be against the claimant
or person accounting.
In cases where the account of the Auditor is
not approved, and in cases where additional evi-
dence is taken, the acoimtaht of the Comptroller
should restate the account, and make a succinct
written report of the same character of the one
the accountant of the Auditor should make; and
the Comptroller, if he approves the account, as
restated by his accountant, should attach his
signature to the same. The account thus re-
stated forma the basis of a warrant, or call for
payment, in the same way as if the Comptroller
nail approved the account as stated by the Audi-
tor.
The Auditor is entitled to an independent
judgment, and should exercise it in all cases;
and the Comptroller is entitled to a like inde-
pendent judgment, and should also exercise it;
but the decision of the Comptroller, like that of
all appellate tribunals, prevails over that of the
Auditor; In dases where they differ, the Comp-
troller should have the account restated, in ac-
cordance with his judgment^ as upon appeal, and
upon the new state of facts as presented before
htm.
The practice grown up of late years, of the
Auditor's changing his account so as to Conform
to the opinion of the Comptroller, is in violation
of the principles of accounting established by
Congress, and should be abandoned, and the
practice made to conform to the intention of
Congress, and the principles of accounting as
established and Originally practiced.
The decisions in the Auditors' and Comptrol-
lers' offices iki-e not preserved in printed reports
as a guide, and in restraint of themselves ahd
their successors, in analogous cases, but exist in
tradition, 6r a sort of Treasury eotniilon-law in
the memory of experts in the several offices. It
is true, that soihe of the Comptrollers have kept
a record of their decisions in cases of difficulty,
and these have served as precedents in like cases,
and cases involving like principles. The decis-
ions of the Auditors and Comptrollers, and par-
ticularly those of the Comptrollers, if they exist-
ed in printed reports, would give m6fe uniformity
to the action Of the Treasury. The Auditors and
their accountants, and the Comptrollers and then-
accountants, are left to these unreported decisions,
the traditions of the Treasury law, and their own
sense of what is right in the particular case. ^ It
jS, therefore, not Surprising tnat uniform action
has not been had in the accounting officers of the
Treasury, and that the departures from uniform-
ity have been greater than those which usually
take place in the decisions of courts of law and
equity. Moreover, in the extension of the busi-
ness of accounting, the examination of the ac-
counts Stated in the first instance, by the Auditor
and then by the Comptroller, on appeal, has, in
many cases, been admitted, the Auditor and
Comptroller signing their names on the faith of
the account stated by their respective account-
ants; thus opening the door and increasing the
chances of departure fVom correct principles in
the action of the Departments. In practice, the
written report accompanying the account stated,
and proving the ability of the accountant, has
been abandoned, but has been recently restored
in accounts stated for suit, under the authority
of Letter No. 59, which accompanies this re-
port. It would certainly be desirable to have
each stated account accompanied by a succinct
written report, referring to the law and the evi-
dence under which the debits and credits have
been allowed and disallowed, and each stated
account and report examined and adjudged, first
by the Auditor, and then by the Comptroller; and
the principles of accounting at the Treasury, as
established by law, fully and fairly carried out.
The accounts stated of moneys paid into the
Treasury now amount to over $70,000,000 annu-
ally; and of the moneys paid out and expended,'
to about the same sum; all of which is passed
upon, in the first instance, in the offices of the
six Auditors of the Treasury, and afterwards, as
upon appeal, by either the first orSeebrid Comp-
troller, or by the Commissioner of Customs.
To constitute a good auditor and a good comp-
troller requires legal ability of a high order, a
special knowledge of our fiscal and disbursement
laws and regulations, coupled with unabating in-
dustry, unbending integrity, and promptitude of
decision; and scarcely less can be required of
the accountants in their offices. The auditors
and comptrollers, and the accountants under them,
constitute the safeguard of the national Treas-
ury, and have to withstand the whole army of
claimants and their interested clamor. It is sub-
mitted, with their increased business, ahd the
change in the value of mohey, that the Auditors
and Comptrollers do not receive an adequate com-
pensation for the high qualifications tney ought
to possess, and the onerous duties they have to
discharge. In my former report, the attention of
Congress was called to the fact that the duties of
the Auditors, under existing laws, were not prop-
erly divided; and inconveniences existed in the
present distribution of duties, and particularly
in the Army accounts, part of which were settled
in the Second Auditor s office, and part in the
Third, to the certain delay in the adjustment of
accounts. This could be remedied by giving the
Secretary of the Treasury authority, with the
sanction of the President, to make the proper
division and arrangement of business amongst
the several Auditors and Comptrollers, aft'd report
it to Congress.
The system of accounting at the Treasury Is
easy of comprehension, and as well calculated to
prevent frauds, correct errors, and secure a prdper
execution of the laws, as aiiy that could be de-
vised, and might be extended to all the operations
of the Government, without inconvenience, and
to the greater security of the national Treasury
and national domain. There Would seem to be
no just reason why the fixed salaries of all the
officers Of Government should be passed upon by
an Auditor, and then by a Comptroller, before a
warrant can be issued for payment: and that the
Comrriissiorier of Pensions arid the Commissioner
of Public Lands should have the right to pass
upon the evidence, and grant pensions out of the
Treasury, and bounty land warrants for so much
of the public domain, without subjecting their
action upon the evidence and the law to the ex-
amination and revision of a'Comptroller. It may
be that this want of revision has been the cause
of many of the frauds practiced in obtaining pen-
sions and bounty lands. It is believed that the
action of two departments should be required, as
in the Treasury, in all cases where the national
Treasury or public domain is to be reached or
to be affected, and that no accounts, however
created, should escape the usual and customary
examination and reexamination.
The Independent Treasury act still continues
eminently successful in all its operations. The
transfers for disbursement during the fiscal year,
to the amount of $39,407,674 03, have been made
at a cost of $19,762 35, whilst the premium on
the Bale of Treasury draft# has amounted to
