1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
28
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Bark^dale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, jCadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Ciawtoiri, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulknei, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. flams, Thomas
L. Hams, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, George W. Jones,
.T. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Rutim, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Sewaid, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Tai-
bott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Winslovv, and
-John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Carhle, Cox, CuUen, Ilenry Winter Davis, Edie, Eustis,
Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Kenuett. Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, MUhvaid, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers, Scott, William U. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe,
(Jndeiwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and ZollicofTer.
For Mr. Leiter—Me«sr*. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Ball and Edwards.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. Ethendge.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Stewart—Mr. Richaidson.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WELLS. I demand tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Tennessee, and Norton were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported only
forty-nine in the affirmative.
The Clerk again called the roll, and the follow-
ing was the result of the fifty-fifth vote: Whole
number of votes cast, 222; necessary to a choice,
112; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 104
William A. Richardson  73
Henry M. Fuller  38
Alexander C. M. Pennington  2
Jauie^ L Orr    1
Benjamin F. Leiter  3
John Williams  1
John Scott Harrison  1
Lawrence M. Keitt.... s  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BiHinghurs-t, Bingham, Bishop, IJIi-^,
Bradshaw, Bienton, Buflimiton, Burlinnatne, James II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chalice, Ezra Clark, daw-
son, Colfax, Comma,Covodf, Ciaajm, Cumb.ick. JMmr^ll,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean.De Wilt, Dick, Dieki-on. Dodd,
Durfec, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbeit, Gran-
ger, Grow, llobeit B. Hall, Hatlan, Ilollowav, Thomas II.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Ilush^ton, ICci-oy,
King. Knapp, Kms>ht, Knowlton, Knox. Kunkcl, Leiter,
Matteson, McCaity, Meaeli.un, Killian Miller. Moigan,
Moiiill, Mott, Murtay, Nicholr-, Noiion, Andiew Oliver,
Pntker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennnniton, Peiry, Pettit. Pike,
Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Kobluns, Koheits, Robwm,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman', Simmons, Spinmi, Stanton,
Stianahan, Tappan, Thmmgton, Thurston, Todd,TraJton,
Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, VValbndge, Waldron, Cadwala-
der C. Washburne, Elhiiu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworrh.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Bark^dale, Bell, Ilemy S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaladcr, Caruthers, Caskie,
Clunrman, Howell Cnbb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hcrbeit, Hickman, Houston, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, KciU, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkm,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen,
Smith Miller,Millson, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
hle, Cox, Cnilen, Henry Winter Davis, Edic, Ethendge,
Eustis Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Keimett, Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall,
llumphiey Marshall, Millward, Moore, Pame, Porter, Pur-
year, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Scott, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Whitney, and
Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Ball and Edwards.
For Mr. 0)r—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Leiter—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Williams—Mi. Wheeler.
For Mr. Harrison—ISJr. Ilenry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Keitt—Mr. Richardson.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Clerk, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon the House (at twenty minutes to
three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 14, 1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C, Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS,
Mr. SEIDELL presented the petition of Ce-
zario Wallace, praying for the confirmation of
his title to a tract or land; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of the collec-
tion district of Teche, in the State of Louisiana,
for the removal of a custom-house from Franklin
to Berwick city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of R. D. Livingston, for
confirmation of the title to four hundred arpents
of land in the limits of the Bastrop grant; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Also, the petition of Peyton G. King, late re-
ceiver of moneys at Monroe, Louisiana, asking
to be relieved from certain liabilities incurred m
consequence of loss by robberies committed of
public moneys in his possession; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Sarah
B. Hobbins, sole heir and lineal descendant of
Michael Jackson, an officer in the revolutionary
army,praying to be allowed the half pay to which
her ancestor was entitled; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of William
M. Brooks and Eliza M. Priest, praying to be
allowed the amount due their father, Colonel
David Brooks, as pay and commutation for ser-
vices during the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BIIODHEAD presented the memorial of
the board of trustees of the Farmers' "Hugh School
of Pennsylvania, on the subject of meteorological
observations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
On the motion of Mr. SUMNER, the petition
of Joseph Smith, a captain in the Navy, repre-
senting that he has been aggrieved by a decision
of the Naval Board appointed under an act of
Congress, approved February 28,1855, and pray-
ing for redress, which was heretofore presented
and laid on the tabic, was taken up and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. Since the opening of the ses-
sion I have had laid on the table two petitions,
which I desire to have referred. I move that the
petition of Catherine V. R. Cochrane be taken
from the table and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. [ move that the petition of
the Agricultural Society of the State of New
York, praying for appropriations for the purpose
of carrying out the design of Lieutenant Maury
for meteorological observations, be taken from
the table and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that G. A. Ma-
gruder have leave to withdraw from the files of
the Senate his memorial and the accompanying
papers. The case is now pending before the
Court of Claims, and the claimant desires to
present them there.
Leave was granted.
Mr. FISH. 1 ask leave to withdraw from the
files the petition and accompanying papers of
Francis P>. Stockton, a purser m the Navy, re-
lating to a claim for expenditures while in Lon-
don, with a view to their reference to the Court
of Claims.
Leave was granted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered. That when the Senate adjourn to-daj, it be to
meet on Monday next.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill making an appropriation for a steam
dredge on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing-the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard creek, New
York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Wayne county, New York,
on Lake Ontario; and
A^bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county, New York,
on Lake Ontario.
Mr. FESSENDEN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill making appropri-
ations for the continuation and repair of certain
public works in the State of Maine, heretofore
commenced under the authority of law.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the harbor at Monroe, Michigan; and
A bill for the improvement of the harbor at
Clinton river, in that State.
POWER TO RECEIVE BILLS.
Mr. SLIDELL. In pursuance of previous no-
tice, I ask leave to introduce a bill to remove ob-
structions to the mouths of the Mississippi at the
Southwest Pass, and the Pass al'Outre. I ask
that it may be read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASS. I thought it was understood that
no bills were to be presented until the organiza-
tion of the House. I think the Chair so ruled
yesterday, and we postponed the presentation of
oills on that account.
The PRESIDENT. It has been the practice,
hitherto, not to rcccive bills until the organiza-
tion of the two Houses has taken place.
Mr. SLIDELL. Not for the purpose of refer-
ence ?
The PRESIDENT. The practice has been
not to receive bills at all before the organization
of the two Houses.
Mr. SLIDELL. I cannot see any objection
to receiving and referring them.
Mr. SEWARD. It was decided, with the
consent of the whole Senate, yesterday, that bills
could not be introduced.
Mr. RUSK. It is legislative business.
Mr. BUTLER. I doubt very much whether
it is within the competency of this House to pro-
ceed to business before the organization of the
other. We are connected with the other House,
as a legislative body, by the Constitution. 1
recollect that, on one, occasion, the subject was
very fully discussed by some of the old Senators;
and it was held incompetent for tins House to
receive any bill before the organization of the
House of Representatives. I think tln-y evm
went so far as to refuse to receive any initiatory
measure, such as a memorial, which might lead
to legislation.
Mr. STU A RT. I understand that the Senator
from Louisiana does not urge the proposition.
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly not.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages having been re-
ceived from the President of the United States,
On the motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent theiein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Mon-
day.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 14, 1855.
The Clerk called the House to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to vote the fifty-sixth
time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 224; necessary to a
choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bank.^ received.. 106
William A. Richaidson  
Henry M. Fuller   40
James L. Orr  1
Benjamin F. Leiter     1
John Williams      1
John Scott Harrison  1
James W. Denver     1
So there was no choice.
