16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury^
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
$30,431 87. The receipts and expenditures diirin
the fiscal year, amounting to
have all been in the constitutional currency of
gold and silver, without any perceptible effects
upon the currency or on tlu; heakhy busincss
operations of the country. The vaults of the
office of the Treasurer of the United States at
Washington, constructed with the appropriation
made by the last Congress, may now be said to
be both fire and thief-proof, and a safe depository
of the public money; and that intrusted to the
disbursing agents of the Government, who are so
ituated as to avail themselves of the advantage
if making their deposits with the Treasur
and the office of the Assistant Treasurers, £
other public depositories, are as represented
the report (No. 50) of William M. Gouge, who
visited them during the past year under the
authority of the Department; and although some
of them have not all the guards against fire ana
thieves which such depositories should nave,
yet there has been no loss, and with care ana
diligence there may be none for years to come;
but, to avoid the possibility of a loss in those
depositories, the Department lias estimated for
fire and thief-proof vaults and guards at those
places where they do not exist, and in the cus- |
tom-houses now being constructed. It is hoped
Congress will see the propriety of making the
necessary appropriations, and have the deposit-
ories of the public money of the United States
as secure as such vaults and depositories should
be. Public convenience will, from time to time,
requiie that the number of public depositories be
increased, and so located as to give the advantage
thereof to all sections of the country; and Con-
gress, when necessary, should make provision
for all proper safeguards for the public money.
The table No. 51, which accompanies this report,
exhibits the deposit accounts of the various
public officers and disbursing agents who have
availed themselves of the right of making deposit
of the money intrusted to them for disbursement,
with the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers, and
public depositaries of the United States, during
the past year. The money thus deposited is, for
all practical purposes, in the Treasury of the
United States; for, on the resignation, death, or
removal of any of these officers or agents, the
amount is no longer subject to his draft, or that
of a representative, but by warrant is placed
again in the Treasury, and is applicable for the
purpose for which it was appropriated.
The notes of banks chartered by the States
in enlarging the constitutional prohibition in re-
spect to bills of credit, so as to prohibit this power
  «rw individual interests
given to require
and settlements
t, so as to prohibit tliis power « ami settle monthly than to s«
Wkh this !1 Serly accounts, give greater safety, and
nrivilece, would induce the Legislatures of wie
States to refuse to Congress the power of pro-
hibiting the use and circulation of bank notes.
The thirteen hundred banks now in existence
under State charters, and the circulation of over
<200 000,000 of bank notes, as money, in con-
stant competition with the constitutional currency,
attest the magnitude of the evil, and justify the
worst apprehensions for the future. The gradual
hundred banks shall be increased to some two,
three, four, or five thousand, it may be feared
their aggregated power will not be easily over-
come, until a suspension of specie payments and
universal bankruptcy shall call for a suppression
of the evil, and a restoration of the constitutional
currency. If the States shall continue the char-
ter and multiplication of banks, with authority to
issue and circulate notes as money, and fail to
apply any adequate remedy to the increasing evil,
and also fail to invest Congress with the necessary
power to prohibit the same, Congress may be
justified in the exercise of the power to levy an
excise upon them, and thus render the authority
to issue and circulate them valueless.
The accounts of collectors of the customs con-
tinue to be rendered at the close of each month,
and those on the Atlantic settled within the suc-
ceeding month, and those on the Pacific coast
within about six weeks, with rare exceptions.
Their disbursement and emolument accounts are
rendered quarterly, and it is intended to have
them settled with 111 the succeeding quarter. The
benefits resulting from the prompt rendition and
settlement of the accounts manifest themselves
more and more from the test of experience; ac-
counting is better understood; the accounts in
better form; the vouchers more correctly taken,
with fewer improper items, give less trouble, and
take less time in their adjustment. It is believed
the disbursement and emolument accounts could
be rendered monthly with advantage to the busi-
ness of the ports and the finances of the country,
! and monthly accounts might be advantageously
| required in all branches of the public service. All
officers and disbursing agents are required to
I keep a book of accounts, and record in it all
money and property received, and all money and
circulate in some sections of the ' property disbursed, arid take ptoper vouchers for
continue to
country, to the exclusion of gold and silver, ex-
cept in Government transactions; and more par-
ticularly where the banks circulate notes under
the denomination of five dollars. These small
notes are mostly circulated by banks of doubtful
solvency, at a distance from the place of redemp-
tion. They constitute a depreciated currency,
which no one is willing to hold, and this leads to
hasty expenditures, in order that the loss may
fall on others. The evils of a depreciated cur-
rency are attested by the experience of all coun-
tries where such a currency has been tried, and
in none more certainly than in the States of the
Confederation. The Legislatures of the several
States, and the Congress of tie Confederation, all
issued bills of credit during the revolutionary
war, and all felt and acknowledged the evil and
the ruinous consequences. The Constitution of
the United States was framed by the men who
had felt all the evils thereof; and when provisions
were inserted in that instrument, that no State
should emit bills of credit, nor make anything
but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts,
and the coining of money was given to the Gen-
eral Government, they believed they had provided
for a hard-money currency, and against the,evils
of a depreciated one; but these provisions were
nullified when the courts held that the States
had power to charter banks, with authority to
issue and circulate notes as money. It is now
too late for the courts to retrace their steps,
and give a broader construction to the prohi-
bitions of the Federal Constitution, whilst it is
the same, and disbursing officers of the Army to
render monthly statements of their expenditures.
The monthly account would be a transcript of
this book, showing the amount received, the
amount disbursed, with the balance on hand for
the succeeding month, and could be as easily
rendered at the end of the month as at the end of
the quarter, and as readily transmitted with the
vouchers by mail, or otherwise, to the proper
Department; and if the vouchers were tahen in
duplicate, and one set accompany the account and
the other retained with the account boob, there
could be no difficulty in supplying a lost account
or a voucher. Monthly accounts would be better
for the disbursing officer or agent, as he would be
compelled at the close of the month to close his
cash and property account for the business of the
succeeding month, and procure his vouchers when
the disbursements were piade; and should he
make any improper disbursements, the proper
Department would be able at once to apply the
correction before the error was extended. The
disbursing officers would necessarily become bet-
ter acquainted with the business confided to them,
and in all respects better discharge the duties,
whilst the adjustments would take less of the time
of the accounting officers. The greatest difficulty
encountered is with the accounts of disbursing
officers and agents who have failed to render their
! accounts regularly as required by law and regu-
lations, ana to accompany the accounts with
proper vouchers; and the greatest loss to the
Treasury is in the insolvency of such disbursing
hopeless to expect the States will refrain from ;: officers and agents. The arrearages of nearly
granting bank charters, with authority to issue ' $25,000,000 in the accounts of the offices of the
these small notes; or that the States will concur 11 six Auditors attest this. Authority should be
and enforce monthly accounts
It will take less labor and re-
settle
quarterly accounts, give greater stue.y, «.d se-
cure more economy in the disbursements.
It will bo seen, by reference to the circulars of
the Department, tfiat efforts have been made, and
are being made, to have the accounts at all tin,
custom-houses kept upon the same uniform prin-
ciples, and the same forms and routine for the
entry of goods at all the ports, with the like ad van-
tage of warehousing, exportation, and transport-
ation. The collectors, m practice, rendered no
account of the goods in warehouse until they were
entered for consumption and the duties paid,when
the receipts appeared in the monthly account of
duties received. They have been required to ren-
der accounts of goods in warehouse at the close
of each month. The Statement No. 58, r(^errd
of /roods in warehouse at the Atlantic and internal
ports on the first of July, 1855, exhibits goods m
warehouse to the amount of $21,549,42/, on
which there were duties unpaid to the amount
of *6,881,826; also the merchandise entered for
consumption, for warehouse transportation and
i exportation during that month, with the duties
: on the same; the second part of said statement
gives the like information for the month of Au-
gust. The Department will, in due time, have
the data to exhibit the monthly operations during
the fiscal year. ... t e
The revenue laws consist 01 various acts ot
Congress, enacted during a period of near severity
years, with conflicting and inconsistent provis-
ions, sometimes with and sometimes'without re-
pealing clauses. There have been judicial con-
  structions of some of these acts, and constructions
1 by the Department, in form of circulars, of most
of them, and these circulars conflict. The col-
lectors are to be guided in the discharge of their
duties by these acts of Congress and these circu-
lars, and find from them a systematic rule of action
for all the cases arising under them. Under a
resolution of the Senate, the Department caused
a revision of these revenue laws to be prepared
; and laid before the last Congress; it was printed
by their order, but only the chapter relating to
passenger ships was passed upon by Congress
Had Congress corrected and passed the other
chapters, it was intended to have revised the cir-
culars issued by the Department, and made them
consistent with the act of revision. Had this been
done, the revenue laws would have been better
understood by the officers of the customs, and by
the importers, with advantage to the system and
the revenue. This revision is recommended to
the favorable consideration of Congress, with the
hope they will see the propriety of considering
the subject, and passing the act,with such amend-
ments and additions as in their wisdom may be
deemed proper.
The ReportNo. 52, ofCaptain A. H. Bowman,
engineer in charge of the construction and repair
of buildings, under authority of the Treasury
Department, gives in detail all necessary inform-
ation to place before Congress—the progress
made since my last report, and the condition of
the several works up to the 30th September, 1855.
The effort is being made to have all the work
done with the best materials, and in the best man-
ner the appropriations will allow, and as near fire
and thief-proof as possible, with provision for
warming and ventilation. Iron beams and gird-
ers, with brick arches for the floors, iron sash-
frames and window-blinds for the windows, with
galvanized iron roofs, constitute part of the plans
for these buildings. The success that has at-
tended the use of iron in the construction of fire-
proof buildings, has induced its more extended
application to building purposes, and might
justify Congress in recognizing iron as one of
the materials to be used for the exterior of hos-
pitals, custom-houses,&c.,when suitably located.
The report is accompanied with a list of the cus-
tom-houses purchased and those built, and those
appropriated for by Congress; also, a similar list
of the marine hospitals; and there are estimates
for "constructing the custom-houses at New Or-
leans and Charleston, under construction, by the
day's work.
• The report of William M. Gouge, who, under
