1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
tion of the bill, before i t is proposed to be stricken
out, is proper. You can amend it as long as
amendments are proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That subject
has been entirely before the Senate during the
day. When the question was asked, whether
there were any further amendments to the ori-
ginal bill, there were none offered,and the Senator
from Georgia presented his substitute, and upon
that the Senate ordered the yeas and nays. Until
that question is disposed of, the amendment to
alter the original bill is not in order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will not appeal,
but I affirm that it is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the substitute of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. WELLER. I doubt very much whether
there is a quorum present.
Several Senators. There will be.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD. There will be a quorum
to vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (at twenty-five minutes
after four o'clock.) There is nobody here, and 1
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. The same difficulty will arise
in regard to a quorum.
Mr. MALLORY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—.MoAdnm^, Blight, Ciittcndeii, F.vaii'-. Hale,
Iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Toombs, and Wade—
10.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Broilbead,
Brown, Clay. Clayton, Dodge, Douglas Diukee, Fessen-
den, I<Vh, Fitzpatl'iek, Foster, (eiyer. James, Jones of
Iowa, Mailory, l'rart, I'ugh, iteid, Sebastian, Slidel], Stuait,
Touccy, TiumbulL Weller, ami Yulce—
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. As the Senate seems to be
fresh oil this subject, I have quite a number of
views to present. Though I believe I have
uttered every one of them, I choos£ to reiterate
them for the benefit of the reporters and the
country. I wish to be heard on this subject, and
I believe talking over again will be ail advantage
to the country.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator wish us to
adjourn ?
Mr. TOOMCS. No. I wish to speak on the
question now, as the Senate is fresh, and theie
are a considerable number here who arc adverse
i to adjourning. I have spoken several times on
this question; but the Senate have no particular
business to do now; for, as soon as we get through
with this bill, we shall take up the revolutionary
claims bill of my friend from South Carolina, to
spend four or five million of dollars, and then we
shall discuss the presidential election and other
questions of no practical consequence. There is
plenty of time, everybody knows, and I think
we had better have this subject presented at large,
and I propose to do it now. 1 want to give the
history fif this transaction. Talking is not, the
least inconvenient to me now, and as long as
these gentlemen desire to hear me, (and when
tliey do not they may go home,) I shall continue.
1 hope the reporters will keep their seats, for I
want to speak to the country.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Georgia
will give way, I will mo*e to adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, I do not wish to give
way. The Senate have voted clown adjournment,
and after three hours of my speech the Senator
can make his motion to adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. We will hear you three
hours.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is important.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to make a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot allow it. I desire
to be fully heard on this subject. The Senate, I
know, is in a condition to hear.
The honorable Senator proceeded to address
the Senate for over an hour in regard to the pro- '
ceedings of the naval board, without concluding.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (at fifteen minutes past
five o'clock.) I beg my friend to yield me the
floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not like to refuse any- j
thing to the Senator from Kentucky. i
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am unwell; and I am j
very earnest m saying that I must be heard when |
this vote is taken. Ihave a deep interest in it. j
1 have troubled the Senate I hope not too often;
but I do hope the Senate will now adjourn, and I
make that motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope not.
Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Bel! of Tennessee, Bright, But-
ler, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Foot, Hale, Hun-.,
ter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,'
Pug.'i, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, and
Wade—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Urod-
head, Brown, Clayton, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatriek, Fos-
ter, Mallory, Pratt, Reid, Stuart, Toucey, and Weiler—17.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 14, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickens, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed billsana a reso-
lution of the Hon so, of the following titles:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased;
An act for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jefferson
county, Virginia;
An act for the relief of Captain J. P. Hatch, of
the United States Army;
An act to grant to L. Jane Horner and chil-
dren a section of land in Oregon; and
A joint resolution for the relief Dr. William P.
A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in the
Mexican war.
And, also, bills and a resolution of the following
titles:
An act for the relief of Charles E. Anderson;
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, and
of Alexander Randall, executor ofDaniel Randall;
An act fur the relief of Asbury Dickins;
An act for the relief of Michael Nourse;
An act for the relief of John Robb;
An act for the relief of Willam II. Chase;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Major Gen-
eral Arthur St. Clair;
An act for the relief of Martin Fenwick;
An act for the relief of Peter Parker; and
A resolution for the benefit of Susan Decatur,
widow of Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of
the United States Navy:
In which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the resolutions reported by
the select committee in reference to the privileges
of the House.
NORWOOD M'CLELLAND.
Mr. SAPP. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, Tlitit the Committee of tile Whole House on
the Private Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sociation of Senate bill No. 276, being a bill for the relief
of Norwood McClelland, master of the steamboat New
World.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business; and I give notice I shall object to
everything else. |
Mr. SAPP. I move that the rules of the House j
be suspended, for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that moti on in order j
when there is a question of privilege pending |
before the House? n
The SPEAKER. Such has been the practice jl
of the House on this day, when motions for the !!
suspension of the rules are in order. ji
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the character of i
the bill? j!
The bill was rend. It directs the Secretary of !'
the Treasury to pay Norwood McClelland'the i'1
sum of $13,889 86, in full payment for losses and :
expenses incurred by the detention of the steam- ji
boat New World, in the Arkansas river, while
engaged in transporting military stores belong-
'2, '^e States, from New Orleans to
■tort Smith, during the year 1855.
_ Mr. McMUjjLIN. I am opposed to suspend-
ing the rules for the purpose of taking up and
pa.j3jn~ this oil! at this time. It ought to take
the ordinary course with other bills. Is debate
in order ?
The SPEAKER. Ids not; though suggestions
may be allowed.
Mr. SAPP. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. King and
Walker were appointed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the motion to sus-
pend the rales.
Mr. SAPP. At the suggestion of the gentle-
man, I withdraw it.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the general consent
of the House—and,ifit isnotgiven,l shall move
to suspend the rules—to take up the resolution
of the Senate fixing a day of adjournment. I do
not care what day is determined on, but I think
we had better act upon the resolution, and fix
some day or other.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, until there shall
be some earnest effort to quiet, and permanently
settle, our Kansas troubles, I shall oppose any
proposition in regard to our adjournment. I
therefore object to the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina; and if he insists on sus-
pending the rules, I ask the yeas and nays on the
vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw that motion, and
let us go on and dispose of the question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot do so; because
this is the only day on which we can get at the
resolution, and I think wo had better fix some
day or other for the adjournment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the House will go
on with the trial of one of its members.
Mr. DUNN. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution of the Senate was read; and is
as iollows:
Resolved, §c., That the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives do adjourn their
icspeetive Houses on Monday the 28th day of July next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 110, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendloy S.
Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Brooks,
Buinett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell,Carhle, Caskie,
Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clinsman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. "VV. Cobb, Coltax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Craige, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Timothy Davis, De Witt, Dowdell, Ed-
mumlson, Edwards, English, Ethendge, Eustis, Faulkner,
Floience, Foster, Giddings, Goode, Gieenwood, Grow,
Augustus Hall, Hailan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas JL,.
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman,Hoffman, Valentine B.
Horton, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kellv,
Kidwell, Knox, Kuukel, Lake, Lumpkin, Humphrev Mar-
shall. Matteson, Maxwell, McQueen,Moore, Murray^ Nich-
ols, Moidccai Oliver, On, l'aeker, Peek, Pettit, Phelps
I'ort«r, l'ovveli, Uuitman, Reade, Heady, Kicaud, Rivers,
Ruffin, Ru^t, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, ,Sliced, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Steivait, Sivope, Taibott, Taylor, Todd, Trippe, Undei-
woud, Vail, Warner, Cadvvaiadei C. Washburne, Elhliu B.
Washbuine, Watkms, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wins-
low, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—110.
^ ^ ^—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bail, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Biiliugliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss
Lradshaw, Broom, Butfmton, Burlingame, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, dawson, Covode, Cuilen, Cum-
back, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dlmu, Duifee, Edie, Einrie. Evans, Galloway,
Gilbeit, Gianger, Robert B. Hall, J. Morn^on Harris. Hoi-
loway, Thomas Ii. Horton, Howard, Ilughston, Kelsey,
Klin?, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
MeCarty, Alc.VIuIiin, Killuii, Miller, Millson, Milhvard,
Morgan, Mourll, Norton, Paikei. Pearee, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Piingie, Purviance, Puryear, Ritchie, Robbms,
Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Seott, Seward, Sherman,
htraiinban Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton, Va!k,
ua<>, \\ak^rirm, Walbinl^e. Walrlron. Walker, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—91.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. KENNETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to permit me to
introduce a motion to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill (No. IS) for
continuing the improvement, of the Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi river, in order that it
may be put upon its passage. .
