1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T
:er. /
S, I move we
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 15, 1855.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
election of speaker
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Clerk
following resolution:
Resolved, That no person shall be considered a candidate
for Speaker of this House who shall not be supported as
sucli upon the sixtieth vote; that upon the said sixtieth
vote, and each subsequent vote being takpn, the candidate
having the lowest vote, or the candidates, where two or
more have an equal vote, and below that of the other can-
didates, shall be smcken from the list of candidates until
two only shall remain to be voted for, when the vote shall
be taken on the said remaining two_, and the person then
having the highest vote shall be the duly elected Speaker,
provided he shall have a majority of a quorum of the mem-
bers of the House.
And upon the resolution I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MATTESON. I move t© lay that reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I have a substitute which I
wish to offer for that resolution.
The CLERK. A motion to lay the resolution
on the table having boon made, itis believed that
a substitute is not m order.
[Loud cries of, " Let us hear the substitute \"
« Read!" " Read!"]
The substitute offered by Mr. Letcher was
read, as follows:
Whereas this House has been encased in a fruitless ef-
fort to organize, by the election of a Speaker, for near two
weeks: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Clerk prepare a letter, to be sismed
by each member of this House, lehigning his seat, in order
that a new election may be held in eaeh congressional dis-
trict in the States and in all the Terntones.
Many Members. That is right. Let us vote
for that. [Laughter and excitement.]
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] on the table; and on that motion I call
for the vcas and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Clerk, has the
substitute of the gentleman from Virginia keen
admitted ?
The CLERK. No, sir; the substitute is not
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
gentleman who made the motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table to withdraw his motion, so as
to enable the gentleman from Virginia to offer his
resolution as a substitute for the original resolu-
tion, and let us have a vote upon that substitute.
Mr. MATTESON. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Clcrlt 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
believe I have the floor. I had the floor, and
requested the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Matteson] to withdraw his motion to lay on the
table for the purpose of allowing the gentleman
from Virginia to offer his substitute." I under-
stand that the gentleman from New York has
withdrawn his motion.
Mr. SAGE. I propose an amendment to the
substitute offered oy the gentleman from Vir-
ginia; and that is, that the gentleman offering that
substitute shall lead off by resigning first, and
having the House to act on that resignation, and
then have every gentleman who favors the plan
follow it, until we get through.
[Laughterand cries of, "Good!" "Good!"]
Mr. LETCHER. In reply to that suggestion,
I would say that I shall very cheerfully comply
with it, if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sage] will give me the assurance that he will
play fair and follow my example.
IsTow, sir, it is perfectly evident from the state
of things here, that we are not likely to organize
for some time to come, and I think it more than
probable that if we should resign and go home,
it would be a very difficult matter for the people
to send back a number of gentlemen who would
have the same difficulty in electing a Speaker that
we have had.
Mr. SAGE. I will not pledge myself to com-
ply with the wishes of the gentleman from Vn-
ginia, from the fact that I feel conscious of having
done my duty here, in compliance with the senti-
ments of the people who have sent me here; and
until I become satisfied that my efforts here are
fruitless, I shall not consent to resign my seat.
I am acting with the majority of those who stand
here in opposition to the Administration; and I
intend to act not in any factious opposition. The
delay in the organization of the House is no fault
/of mine. And let me assure my friend from Vir-
ginia, that if the signs of the times do not deceive
us, we will not trouble him with voting many
times longer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] comes from a very appropriate Quar-
ter. It comes from the faction that has stood out
here for two weeks, preventing an organization
of the House. [Laughter.] And, Mr. Clerk, I
believe that that gentleman ought to be followed
by that entire faction, if they adopt the resolution
and carry it out in good faith, so far as they are
concerned. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to be informed,
before I adopt the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio, whether he believes, if the Democratic
party should think proper to withdraw from the
Hall, the balance of them could elect a Speaker!
[Great laughter.] As matters stand at present,
the Opposition seem to be entirely in a state of
confusion. The happy family seem to be rather
in a destitute condition. I doubt whether they
could organize the House, if left to themselves. I
doubt whether they could get a majority then to
agree upon any candidate. There seems to be
greater hostility between the different factions of
the Opposition, than there is between either of
them and the Democratic party.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will respond to the inter-
rogatory of the gentleman from Virginia cheer-
fully. 1 do not think the difficulty is so great
with us as he seems to suppose. I think if those
gentlemen with whom he acts will just step out
of the Hall for about fifteen minutes, they will
find that we can organize. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. WADE. I will trouble the House but
just a minute. I do not think the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] is
extensive enough. [Cries of " Call the roll!"
" No more speeches!" &c.] Gentlemen cannot
cry me down. I do not wish to speak but for a
moment; but I will not be put down. [Cries of
" Order! "J
Mr. DUNN. I demand to know upon what
question the House is to vote?
Mr. WADE. I do not yield the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state the ques-
tion; but he first will ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sage] whether he peisists in
his amendment to the substitute?
Mr. SAGE. I must persist in it, if the gentle-
man from Virginia persists in Ins substitute.
Mr. LETCHER. As gentlemen upon the other
side of the House seem to be in trouble about
my proposition 
Mr. WADE. I have the floor, and I do not
yield it for any purpose. I ask the Clerk if I
have not the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move to lay the whole matter upon the table.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman cannot make
that motion while I have the floor. I do not
yield it to him or any one else for any purpose
whatever.
Mr. LETCHER. As gentlemen upon the
other side seem to be in trouble about my propo-
sition, and as I am pretty sure they would not
accede to it if adopted by our side, I withdraw it.
Mr. WADE. I cannot yield the floor for the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw his propo-
sition, until I have made a suggestion by way of
making it more perfect. I think his substitute
does not extend far enough. If he will make it
extend to the whole Administration, and let the
President resign, and the whole matter be referred
together back to the people, I will agree to it
with my whole heart and soul.
Many Members. That's right! That's the
proposition!
Mr. LETCHER. I have the floor now, I
believe, and will withdraw my proposition.
The CLERK. The question is upon the
amendment, of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sams] to the substitute.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 now renew my motion
to lay the whole proposition on the table.
Mr, KEITT. What is the proposition the
gentleman moves to lay upon the table?
The CLERK. It is tiie original resolution
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
with the amendments.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the question.
Mr. HICKMAN. We have been engaged
now for many days in a fruitless effort to elect a
Speaker to preside over this House.
Mr. MATTESON. I rise to a question of
order. The motion to lay on the table is not
debatable.
Several Members. No matter. Don't inter-
rupt him.
Mr. MATTESON. Very well. I will not
insist upon the question of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I say we have been en-
gaged for many days in a fruitless effort to elect
a Speaker of this House. It is to be presumed,
sir—for I entertain no presumption to the con-
trary—that we all desire an early organization of
the House; and H is for the purpose of testing
the strength of this feeling that I have offered the
resolution now before you, for it is perfectly evi-
dent that if the resolution is to pass, an organi-
zation must be effected before many additional
votes shall have been taken; and it may be
effected this day. I have offered it also for the
purpose of ascertaining distinctly who are and
who are not in favor of an early organization.
It has been said, and no doubt the country,
in part, believes it, whether it be true or not,
that the reason why an organization cannot be
effected, is because of the numerous candidates
in anticipation, who have not yet been taken up
as such to any considerable extent, and who are,
therefore, interested in preventing an organization
by the election of any of the present candidates.
Now, sir, the resolution which I have presented
cuts off any such persons as these from the possi-
bility of becoming candidates, unless they shall
be voted for on the first ballot this morning. The
next ballot will cut off the candidates receiving the
lowest number of votes, thus reducing the num-
ber by one, and so on until the number is cut
down to the two candidates from whom the elec-
tion must be made.
These are the reasons which have influenced
me in presenting this resolution, which I have
done upon my own responsibility, without the
solicitation of any man.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was not in the House
when the resolution was offered by mv friend over
the way, [Mr. Hickman,] and I ask that it may bo
again read.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Clerk, I hope that it
will not be the pleasure of the House to adopt
that resolution. Though not of a novel character,
yet, sir, it is a proposition that has never been
adopted within my knowledge by this or any
other legislative body.
It will be remembered by you, sir, and by this
House, that day before yesterday I gave notice
that unless an election was effected within two or
three days thereafter, I would submit a proposi-
tion by way of compromise. And I now under-
take to say that if it be the will of the body to
vote down the pending proposition, I shall, in
good faith, on Monday next present my compro-
mise.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. What is the nature
of your proposition ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall offer itin due time,
! and when presented gentlemen can then ascertain
its nature.
Mr. FLORENCE. Offer it now. You will
keep us in suspense unless you do.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Clerk, I will not un-
dertake to say to the House that my proposition,
when submitted, will receive the sanction at a.
majority of members; but I will say that it shall
bear upon its face the principle of equity and
justice—much more so than does the one now
under consideration. And 1 will go further, and
add, that if it be the pleasure of the House to
adopt my proposition, I can guaranty imme-
diately thereafter a speedy organization of the
body.
Mr. BOCOCK. State your proposition.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. CIcik, I had hoped
