1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
, Mr. HOUSTON. I object. !
Mr. KENNETT. Then I move a suspension
of the rules. |
THE ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to present a ques- !
tion of order in connection with this matter. X
understand the resolution that has been discussed
here for the last week to be one of privilege, and
I also understand that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Edmundson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. No, I am enti-
tled to the floor, and I am going to submit a mo-
tion upon this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman is going
to try and get on with the business of the coun-
try, I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. L propose to postpone the
further consideration Of the resolutions reported
by the select committee until Wednesday morn-
ing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will renew the point
of order, and renew it on the gentleman from
Ohio. My point of order is this: that this being
a question of privilege, and of course retaining its
place before the House, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was entitled to the floor as soon as the
House assembled and the Journal had been read,
and no gentleman could take the floor from him,
without his consent.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, if the facts are as stated by the gentleman.
If the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to the
floor, and is present and demands it, he cannot be
interrupted by any motion.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the attention of the ,
House for a single moment. j
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at the
present time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to everything that
is not the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Maine
cannot submit any motion at tins time.
Mr. BENSON. I desire to make a motion to
suspend the rules.
TJie SPEAKER. It is not in order pending
the question of order. The Chair understands
that, upon the adjournment of the House on
Saturday last, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Edmundson] was entitled to the floor 011 the
question then before the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe I moved the
adjournment. I do not wish to deprive the gen-
tleman from Virginia of the Soor. Of course,
the gentleman will be entitled to the floor under
the pledge which I gave him when I moved the
adjournment. . |
Now, I ask to have the further consideration j
of these resolutions postponed until Wednesday j
morning for two reasons. In the first place, the j
majority of the committee who made the report j
have requested that I should make this motion j
for the reason that there are some facts which j
have been developed to them affecting one of the j
parties which they wish to consider before pro- ,
posing an amendment to the resolutions. In the I
seconcl place, I was very much indisposed all last j
night, and do not feel physically able to remain |
in the House during the silting of to-day, and I ,
shall not he able, I fear, to close the debate. If, )
however, the House, under these circumstances,
insist;:: upon the further consideration of the sub- j
jret now, I will yield the floor to the gentleman ,
from Virginia, according to my promise. I ask,
however, that the. further consideration may be j
postponed until Wednesday. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that, !
v,pon" the adjournment of the House 011 Saturday, >
the gentleman from Ohio [Mi. Campbell] was ,
m possession of the floor, and moved the adjourn- ;
ment That is the information given to the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. As a matter of fact, I
believe the gentleman from Ohio was upon the
floor, and f simply asked that before the vote
was taken I might be heard, and it was agreed
that I should be heard.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is correct.
Mr. KENNETT. Do 1 understand^ that my
motion to susnend the rules is ill order.''
The SPEAkER. The motion is not in order.
The gentleman from Ohio was entitled to the
floor 011 the question ofpnvilege at the adjourn^
ment on Saturday, and the floor cannot be taken
from him except by his consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire whether the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Kennett] has been entered ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been entered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I submit, then, that it
should be entered. The House tacitly received
the motion, and allowed it to be entertained.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri was not in order. The gen-
tleman from Ohio being entitled to the floor, the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri could not
be received or entered.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
was permitted to give reasons why this matter
should be postponed, and one of his reasons, it
seems to me, is not such a one as ought to in-
fluence any member of this body. He says that
facts have been developed which the majority of
the committee want to consider before offering an
amendment. I take it for granted that the com-
mittee has discharged its duty in the manner in
which it thought it ought to do it, and having
made its report, it is discharged from the consid-
eration of the subject, and cannot further consider
itas a committee. If, then, the gentleman wishes
to consider these further developments as a mem-
ber of the House, every other member might,
with the same propriety and force, ask that the
matter before the House for its consideration
should be postponed for a day or tw5 to give
them time to consider matters connected with it.
It is 110 longer a committee. They may have
considered the subject hastily, and have failed to
consider facts which they ought to have consid-
ered, or other facts may have been developed
since; but as a matter of course, the subject can-
not be recommitted to the committee unless the
committee is re-created. There is 110 committee
now to take cognizance of the matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit that the position
of the gentleman from Alabama is correct, that
the committee, having made its report, is dis-
solved; but, nevertheless, the members of the
committee may have a right to move to amend
the original resolutions. The gentleman talks
about the committee having come to a hasty con-
clusion. Now, sir, facts" have been disclosed
within the last two or three days, of which the
committee before had no knowledge.
The members of the majority of the committee
desire to confer with each other, not as a commit-
tee, but as members of this body, with a view to
determine what may be the proper course. But
if the House decline to postpone the matter until
Wednesday next, I have no objection to its going
on now. ,
Mr. McMULLIN. I want to understand the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to postpone
till Wednesday nr-xt.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is not that motion with-
drawn ?
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Campbell.) Docs
the gentleman from Ohio withdraw his motion to
postpone ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman, and
other members of his committee, desire time to
confer on this question, I can inform him how he
ean get that time. There are a great many gen-
tlemen here who have not yet spoken on this
question—a question which has been magnified
into an importance which it does not merit. Let
the gentleman from Ohio forbear to call the pre-
vious question, so as to allow others who have
not yet been heard, an opportunity of expressing
their views; and he and the gentlemen of-his
committee can then confer during this day and
to-morrow. There are a number of gentlemen
here who would like to be heard 011 this question,
and daring the time they are discussing it, the
gentleman from Ohio, and the other members of
the committee, can confer; and if they have done
wrong—as wrong, I think, they have done—let
them'have time to retrace their steps. Itisuntair
for the gentleman to come forward and propose a
i postponement under the circumstances. But the
! '.entleman says he believes that further evidence,
' or some other information, has been received,
■ and that the committee would like to have time
to consider it 111 reference to these new develop-
"'u-oiifess, Mr. Speaker, that I have never felt
in my life that an injustice of Sv
grave a charac-
ter would be done to a fellow-member as has been
done to the gentleman from South Carolina. He
has remained here silent and quiet, while th'e most
violent vituperations were heaped upon his h<ad, •
upon his State, and upon the whole-Smith," by
gentlemen on that side of the Housed 'Sir; I am
disgusted with the course of the proceedings in
this case. If the gentleman from Ohio persists
in moving the previous question, let us vote upon
it. But if not, 1 am willing to see the. discussion
carried 011 until these members shall have become
quite as disgusted with it as I am myself. 1*
shall, therefore, vote against the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. MEACHAM. I do not rise to make a
speech on the question. I rise-for the more im-
portant purpose of putting an end to this debate.
X therefore call for the previous question. - And
allow me to say, that if the gentleman from South
Carolina, or any one of his:intereste'd'parties,
wish to make a speech, 1 have not a word to say '
against it, but will give way to them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask what would be the
effcct of the previous question ? " -
The SPEAKER. The effect would bfe to su-
persede the question on postponement; abd 't'6
bring the House to a vote 011 the "merits of-the
resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. My object in rising
is simply to inquire of-ahe Chair', whether" the-
demand for the previous question, made-by the
gentleman from Vermont, shall stand, with the
understanding that either of the gentlemen im-
plicated in the matter, who desires to speak, may
speak; but that, with the exception of that, the
debate shall terminate, except the closing speech
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campj;i;ll?)
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Vermont will withdraw his motion for the pre-
vious question, I will renew it and withdraw the
motion to postpone. I wish to submit an amend-
ment before the House is brought to a vote on
the previous question.
Mr. MEACHAM declined to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the House
will vote it down.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion
of the gentleman from Vermont. The Chair un-
derstands, that it is with the consent of the House
that the gentlemen involved in this matter shall
have an opportunity to address the House after
the seconding of the previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to have my amend-
ment read for information.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is that amend-
ment in order? ' '
The SPEAKER. It is not m order unless by
general consent. . .
Mr. MEACHAM. I understand that this is
an important amendment; and if so, I will with-
draw the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot with-
draw it with a condition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, with the
concurrence of my two colleagues in the majority
of the committee, 1 submit this resolution in lieu
of the one proposed, and call for the previous
question. . ...
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a point of order there.
The parliamentary number of amendments have
been already offered; besides there is a motion
jj to recommit, and no further amendment can be
i offered ill order.
I The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
precludes further amendment. The proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio may, however, be
read for information unless objected to.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr CAMPBELL. Then I will ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama to withdraw his motion to
recommit until I offer my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Those around me desire
that I should let the issue stand as presented to
the House: I therefore decline to withdraw the
motion to recommit.   _
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move the previous
question. .
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
