1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB#.
1?
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho, ok Reps.
the authority of the Department, visited the sev-
eral marine hospitals during the past summer,
gives rtuch valuable information upon the sub-.-!
ject; and Table No. 53, made out from the hos-'|
pita! returns, exhibits the number of sick sailors,
who have received the benefit of the hospital
fund, and the pro rata expense at each. It seems
to-be unquestionable that hospitals have been and
are to be constructed, under appropriations now
made, at places where such sailors could have
been as well and more economically provided for
under contracts with local hospitals and individ-
uals, as now done at the cities-of New York,
Philadelphia, and some other places.
The collectors at the several ports where there
are hospitals under the directions of the Depart-
ment, superintend the "hospitals, anff their supply,
and the care that is taken of the sick; and, where
the United States have no hospitals, make con-
tracts with local hospitals or with individuals, and
superintend them in the same way they superin-
tend the marine hospitals of the United States.
The contracts with local hospitals and individuals
are to furnish everything necessary for the care,
comfort, support, and medical treatment of the
eick, at so much per capita. It is recommended
to the consideration of Congress, whether the
contract system might not be advantageously ex-
tended to many places where the United States
have hospitals, allowing the contractor the use of
the hospital, with the right to the United States to
terminate the contract at will, on the report of the
collector of the port, or some other visitor ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. If
Congress should deem expedient an extension
of the contract system, as recommended, there
should be a law providing for it. The table
showing the expenses of the sick at the several
hospitals will point out the places where the con-
tracts ought to be made.
The Coast Survey continues to progress favor-
ably under the management of the superintendent
in charge, and the appropriations appear to be
carefully and economically applied. The work
is again recommended to the continued favorable
consideration of Congress, in order that the fullest j
and most reliable information of our extensive J
coasts and numerous harbors may be obtained !
at the earliest practicable period. The report
Of the superintendent in charge, when made to
this Department, will, as customary, be trans- ,
mitted to Congress. ,
The Report No. 54, with the accompanying '
documents, will give the operations of the Light- ,
House Board since the last report, with the present j
condition of the work in their charge, and affords
Satisfactory evidence of the attention and ability j
given to the service confided to it. The report ,
and documents are more voluminous than could j
be desired, but the magnitude of the service, and j
Its great interest to the commercial world, has {
prevented its abridgment. It is again recommended :
to the continued favorable consideration of Con- \
gress, on account of the facilities afforded to com-
merce and navigation.
The' report of the supervising inspectors of
steamboats, under the act of the 30th of August,
1852, and a letter of William M. Gouge, the
agent of the Department charged with collecting
information upon the subject, and attending the
meetings of the board, marked No. 55, accom-
pany this report. The attention of Congress is
again called to'the operation of the act, as stated
in the reports, and in the report of the supervi-
sors for tlie last year, and the letter of Mr. Gouge
which accompanied it. There can be no question
but that the operations of the act have been ben-
eficial, and might be made more so, by a more
energetic and uniform mforcement of its provis-
ions, and by extending the same to the Pacific
coast. The law requires some modifications,
amendments, and additions, as recommended to
the last Congress, and should be placed under
the direction and control of one of the execu-
tive departments; without which the necessary
and proper direction apd control cannot be
had.
Which is respectfully submitted.
JAMES GUTHRIE, *
Secretary of the Treasury.
The President pro tempore of the Senate.
New Series—No. 2.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF WAR.
• ^ v v *
r , V\r Department,
Washington, December 3,1855.
Shi: I have the honor to submit the following,
report of the operations of the Army for the past
year, and to lay before you the reports of the
heads of th6 several bureaus of the War Depart-
ment, and communications from other officers of
the Army.
The authorized strength of the Army (as now
posted) is 17,867 officers and men; but. the accom-
panying tables, prepared in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, show that at the date of the latest
returns the actual strength was 15,752. The re-
cruiting service is now progressing satisfactorily,
however, and it is believed that in a few months
the disparity between the authorized and actual
strength of the Army (2,115) will be nearly over-
come. The number of enlistments made during
the twelve month* ending September 30, was
J 10,546. The number of persons offering to en-
1 list, and who were refasea on"account of minor-
ity and unfitness for service,"was 20,522, The
; number of casualties in the Army by deaths, dis-
i charges, and desertions during the same period,
! was 5,500. The very numerous applications for
the discharge of minors—so many of which have
succeeded within the past yeaf—renders neces-
sary that some steps should be taken to check
the growing evil and the serious expense to which
the Government is thereby subjected. The reg-
ulations are sufficiently stringent on the subject
of the enlistment of minors, but recruiting officers
are frequently deceived by the appearance of the
recruit and the false representations respecting
his true age. In cases where deceptions of this
character nave been practiced, the contract should
, be considered binding, or the recruit should be
required, at the time of enlisting, to swear that
he is either of full age, or, being a minor, that he
has neither parent nor guardian. A modification
to this extent of the existing law respecting the
discharge of minors (fifth section of the act of
September 28, 1850) would, it is believed, lessen
the impositions which _are now practiced, and
protect the Government "from no inconsiderable
loss.
The general distribution of the troops remains,
for the most part, as indicated in the last annual
report. Among the changes of most importance
•re the following: The four additional regiments
authorizes by the act of March 3, 1855, have
been recruited and organized. Seven companies
of the First Cavalry have recently returned from
an Expedition into the Sioux country, and the
regiment will winter at Fort Leavenworth, where
it will be in position for ulterior operations in
the spring. The Second Cavalry has been sent
to the department of Texas, to replace the six
companies of the Second Dragoons, transferred
to the department of the West.
The Ninth Infantry, (riflemen,) designed for
service in the department of the Pacific, has been
embodied at Fort Monroe, and held under instruc-
tion preparatory to a campaign, which it was
proposed it should undertake as soon, as the sea-
son would permit, through the Indians on the
head waters of the Missouri and tributaries of the
Columbia river; from which exhibition of our
Eower among the remote tribes it was expected a
eneficial influence over them would result. But
in accordance with the necessity communicated
by a letter from General Wool, commanding the
department of the Pacific, dated November 3,
'and this day received atr the War Department,
that regiment will be diverted from the proposed
campaign by the overland route, andbe dispatched,
with the least delay by waj of the Isthmus, to
reinforce the command engaged in the suppres-
sion of Indian' hostilities in Oregon.
The Tenth Infantry, (riflemen,) with the ex-
ception of one company attached to the Sioux
expedition, has been ordered to the military sta-
tions on the Upper Mississippi. A portion of
this regiment, when the season admits, will be
employed to establish a post on the Red river of
the North, near the northern boundary of Min-
nesota, agreeably to an act passed at the last'ses-
sion of Congress, appropriating $5,000, a sum
altogether inadequate for that object. Six com-
panies of the Second Infantry have taken post at
Fort Pierre, on the Upper Missouri. Continued
Indian difficulties on the Oregon route have ren-
dered it necessary to retain in the department of
the West the Sixth Infantry, which regiment it
was contemplated to send to the Pacific coast.
Efforts are still in progress for the removal of
the remnant of the Seminole tribe from Florida.
The troops there have been kept actively employed
in exploring the country by land and water, and
in opening roads. By these meaiis much impor-
tant information respecting the territory in posses-
sion of the Indians has been gained, which will
greatly facilitate future operations. All inter-
course with these Indians has been strictly pro-
hibited, and it is believed that they have not, in
any instance, passed the line of observation oc-
cupied by the troops.
In the departments of the West, Texas, New
Mexico, and the Pacific, Indian hostilities liavo
been of frequent occurrence. For the purpose
of chastising the Sioux Indians, implicated in
: 1 the massacre of a detachment of United States
troops in August of last year, and to protect from
Indian incursions the western frontiers of Ne-
' braska and Kansas, and the emigrant routes lead-
ing from the Missouri'river to the West, a mili-
tary force was sent into the country inhabited by
the Sioux, late in the summer, under the com-
mand of Brevet Brigadier General Harney. On
the 3d of September, that officer, with a portion
of his command, engaged a party of the Brule
band of the Sioux nation, and after a short con-
flict completely routed them. Eighty-six Indians
were killed and a large number taken prisoners.
The papers and property captured leave no doubt
that this band was concerned in the massacre of
the detachment above referred to, as well as in the
murders and depredations committed upon emi-
grants, and in the robbery of the public mail.
In the departments of Texas, New Mexico and
the Pacific, military expeditions have been sent
against the Indians guilty of outrages upon the
persons and property of the frontier inhabitants
and emigrants within those sections of the coun-
try, and in several cases summary punishment
has been inflicted by the troops upon the offend-
ing tribes.
The details of these operations will be found
in the papets accompanying this report.
The mail steamer which just arrived at New
York,has brought advices from the department of
the Pacific to November 5th, by which I regret
to learn that Indian hostilities of a much mora
serious character than the difficulties in that de-
partment referred to above, or than from the offi-
cial reports previously received there had been
reason to apprehend, have occurred in the Terri-
tories of Oregon and Washington. The letters
of the Governor of the Territory, of October 24,
and of the Commanding General of the depart-
ment of the Pacific, of November 3, of which
copies are herewith submitted, furnish the only
official information on the subject in the posses-
sion of this Department. It will be perceived
that lo meet thS emergency the Governor has
ordered'out a mounted volunteer force of seven-
teen companies, or about twelve hundred men.
The Department, at this distance, and in the
absence of more definite information, especially
in regard to the extent of the combination among
the hostile tribes, cannot judge what volunteer
reinforcements to the regular troops may be ne-
cessary. This is a matter which must be neces-
sarily left to the military command in the De-
partment of the Pacific, who has repaired to tho
theater of hostilities. His presence there Will
obviate the difficulties which might otherwise
arise on the 'subject of rank and command be-
tween officers of the volunteers and regular forces.
The alacrity with which the volunteers have re-
sponded to the call of Governor Curry, gives
assurance that their aid will be as efficient as it
has been prompt, and it is hoped that their con-
tinuance in the military service, to the great in-
terruption of their ordinary pursuits, will be
limited to the shortest possible duration by the
arrival of reinforcements which have been ordered
to the regular troops of that department.
From a recent report of the commanding gen-
eral of the department of New Mexico, it appears
that all the Indian tribes within his command
have concluded treaties with the Governor of
