December T5,
from- the repeated notices wMcK had. been given,
and more especially from that given out last even-
ing, that we would have assembled here to-day,
and at once have succeeded ill effecting an election.
Mr.MATTESON. Perhaps we shall. [Laugh-
ter,] - ■
Mr, McMULLIN. Then, with my- friend
from New,York, Ihope we shall vote down the
proposition which has been submitted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
Mr. MATTESON. That is just what we are
going to do. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. That is very well, then.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Clerk, I desire to say
a few words in reference to this question. I hope
no'extraordinary expedient will be resorted to
for the purpose of electing a presiding officer of
this House; and I shall be much surprised if any
such proposition shall meet with favor from the
Democratic side.
Sir, it is not the fault of this side that many
days of valuable time and thousands of the peo-
ple's money have-been squandered in a fruitless
effort to elect a presiding officer. No, sir; the
responsibility is with the majority upon this floor;
with those men who 'have filled the land with
clamor about " Americans ruling America," and
who are now manifesting to the country their
peculiar fitness to administer the affairs of this
great Government; since, with an overwhelming
majority, and after some fifty-odd ballots, they
have been unable to even elect a Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
A Voice. Have the Opposition a majority?
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes, sir; the Opposition
claim to have a majority of fifty or sixty votes.
It is conceded that they have. Reverse the ex-
isting condition of affairs, and give the Demo-
crats a majority; yes, a majority of but one;
and we shall have a presiding officer elected on
the first call of the roll. And why? Because
the Democratic party is a national party, with
clear and well-defined principles, which are as
broad as the Republic, and as dear to the true
men of one section of the Union as the other.
I again repeat, lot us have 110 extraordinary
expedients. We have had too many instances
since the organization of a certain modern party
in this country of extraordinary expedients being
resorted to in order to carry elections; some of
them, I regret to say, as disgraceful as they were
extraordinary. Let us have none of it here. Let
us abide by the usage of this and other legislative
bodies. Let us stand by our principles and the
nominees of the Democratic caucus.
For myself I have no concessions to make, no
proposition to offer or entertain. I shall continue
to stand where I always have stood, upon the
old-fashioned Democratic platform—the platform
of the Constitution and the Union. The Oppo-
sition may come to this platform, but I shall not
go to theirs, nor shall 1 meet them on any middle
ground; and even if the twelve Apostles differed
with me in this instance, I should hesitate about
compromising with them unless they subscribed
fully to the Democratic creed. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I trust,
Mr. Clerk, that the attempt to place this House
under an extraordinary rale mjiII not succeed. I
unfortunately belong to the minority. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not claim to be a member of that
majority upon which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. English] says the responsibility of our
organization rests. I think the country cannot
fail to perceive its own image in its representation
here. As a member of that minority, I rejoice
that the country will have the data, by our diffi-
culties here, on which to form a sound judgment
upon the issues presented, and on which to choose
between the members of the triangle that we form
here at present. I am willing to abide the sense
of the country. I believe that we are well en-
gaged, and profitably to the country, in making
this exhibition. If you adopt that resolution,
what do you leave to the minority, to which I
belong—whose position is national—except to
turn its back and let the two sectional parties of this
House manage the best way they can ? [Laughter.]
I trust that the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, who claim to be—I do not exactly know
what to caii them, but I suppose it is the Demo-
cratic party, if they prefer the name. I hope
they will take a word in season, and not bring
this tiling to a premature denouement.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, I wish to make a
suggestion in regard to the language of the reso-
lution. I believe that it proposes to this House
this: That in certain contingencies, which are to
arise in the progress of our balloting, persons,
who by the Constitution and the laws of the
country are eligible to office, shall, by that reso-
tion> be rendered ineligible. I should like to
know who confers authority for this extraordi-
nary system of ostracism ?
There is-another fact in connection with some
portions of the resolution to which I invite the
attention of gentlemen. It declares that after the
first ballot those who shall have received the
lowest vote—and it is to be remembered that this
is the action of the House of Representatives in
an inchoate condition, and not that of a caucus—
shall be ostracized; that is, shall be no longer re-
garded as candidates. Are they not to be rendered
incapable of those honors which the laws of the
land and the Constitution of the country give
them ? Are they not to be considered as recu-
sants, and to have their votes, if they choose to
adhere to our first choice, stricken from your
record? You are required to keep a record of all
your proceedings. If I see fit not to vote for A
or B or C, and adhere to Z, can you strike my
name and my vote from your roll, or disregard
it altogether ?
I grant that you may in direct terms say that a
plurality vote shall prevail—and that is what the
tiling comes to at last. Then, why not say so in
plain words?—that in the next vote which we
shall take, the member having a plurality of votes
shall be declared Speaker.
Now, sir, my colleague over the way [Mr.
English] fell into a little excitement this morning
—I regretted to see it—about what he supposes
is a great disorganizing and disturbing spirit in
the land growing outof the party catchword, that
"Americans shall rule America." I believe that
where I am best known, it is perfectly well un-
derstood that I do not sympathize with all the
sentiments that arc attributed to the American
party, but I take the gentleman upon the words he
has used here, and I ask him, if Americans shall
not rule America, who he says shall? Let him
answer that question. [Loud cries of " Good!"
"Good!"]
I have another word of reply to make to my
very worthy colleague, and I do it in all kind-
ness—for he is a gentleman for whom I have entire
rospcct. He says, falling into the cry of certain
newspapers that are bringing to bear a vast
amount of outward pressure, that we are wast-
ing the precious time and precious treasure of the
people; and I suppose, sir, that when we ha\-e
chosen a presiding officer of this House, then
we shall hear, instead of its being a wasting of
thousands of the precious treasure of the country,
that we have opened the llood-gates to robbers,
and that they have plundered the country of mil-
lions. [Laughter and cries of "good !"] Such
has been the past history of some parties that we
know of in thi3 country, and I think there had
better not be a commencement of casting stones
from certain quarters just yet on that subject.
We had better wait a little until we are in a con-
dition to compare notes.
Now, I have a word or two to say in conclu-
sion in relation to the organization of the House.
I have been willing to adopt any mode which oc-
curred tomeas practicable to organize this House.
I have seen 110 mode suggested as yet, which, in
my judgment, would be likely to lead to an early
result upon that subject.
I do not intend to make any remarks reflecting
on the course of any gentleman for his local and
personal preferences. Prom the first, I have had
none; but perceiving, as I thought, after certain
things had occurred here, which are known to
the public, a determination to force all men into
a certain position, local and personal, I have
chosen for one to hold back. There are other
reasons, with which, for the present, I do not
intend to disturb this House. I shall make no
remarks which would kindle up unkind feelings
here. But let me ask those who are so anxious to
place myself and my colleague, [Mr. Scott,] and
other gentlemen, who do not choose to come up
to the mark, with ropes upon our hands, and
register an edict against us—let me ask them to
wait, and we shall, by and by, have an explana-
tion which will, perhaps, satisfy some of them.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Clerk, I have no dis-
position to create any difficulty in the organization
of this House; but as I have been daguerreotyped
in certain quarters as being one of the individuals
who prevent an organization, I have waited pa-
tiently for an opportunity to reply, and to give
some reasons why I am not to be roped in or
 §ed as a tool by a corrupt lobby, or by any press
in Hjiig country.
Sli^ I came into this Hall in the last Congress
an adherent of the National Democratic party,
and I took ground upon the threshold against
the present Administration, for its appointment
of men to offic<t"whom 1 knew to be Free-Soilers.
I opposed that Administration openly and plainly
I came in, as I have said, a National Democrat,
upon the compromise measures of 1850 as a
finality—upon the platform laid down by the
Democratic Convention at Baltimore, opposing
the agitation of the question of slavery, either in
Congress or out of it, in any shape or form in
which it might be attempted.
Well, sir, gentlemen 011 the Democratic side of
the House differed from me upon that subject.
They introduced a measure here which I deemed
tantamount to opening the flood-gates of agita-
tion. I opposed it strenuously. I was thus
thrown, with many of my colleagues, into work-
ing with gentlemen with whom I had differed all
my life.
I went home, upon that simple issue, an anti-
Nebraska Democrat. I received a Democratic
nomination, and, by the aid of votes in my dis-
trict of all parties, 1 came back.
A gentleman has been voted for who I person-
ally respect, [Mr. Banks,] and in the remarks
which I propose to make I intend him 110 im-
kindness. When the Nebraska bill was before
this body in the last Congress, he took ground
different from what I did. He voted upon a
motion made by Mr. Richardson to suspend the
rules, and released that bill from the tomb 111
which it had been placed by its opponents, and
brought it to a direct vote, which rendered its
passage inevitable.
I have held myself aloof, acting as an inde-
pendent Representative; and because some few
gentlemen have chosen to cast scattering votes
for me, I have been held up as an aspirant for
the Speakership.
Pursued by a corrupt lobby, entreated and
threatened, I have respectfully declined to do
anything but upon my own responsibility—to
act 111 accordance with my own judgment of what
I deem to be right, so that I might have the
approval of my own conscience, even if I did not
have the approval of other men.
I do not intend, at any time, either now or
hereafter, to be made to vote for any man or any
proposition in conflict with my own sentiments.
I shall discharge my duty regardless of men or
party. I am the tool of neither.
When this election is over, I may give my
reasons in detail for the course I have seen fit to
pursue in this contest; and I hope that they will
be satisfactory. I shall certainly feel that I have
discharged my duty. I shall identify myself
with no extremist, North or South; but I shall
stand here to aid in maintaining the integrity of
this Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is not my in-
tention to enter into the discussion of any sub-
ject that has been brought before the House this
morning. I seek the floor for a different purpose,
and regard this as an appropriate time to bring
to the notice of the House the remarks made a
few days since by the gentleman from Ohio.
There are many political parties now in the
House of Representatives; they are called by
various names, and it is difficult to distinguish in
reference to any, except that Spartan band who
have from the first voted for Mr. Richardson.
It will be remembered that when the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] to whom I
shall address a question — the first prominent
Opposition candidate for Speaker, (for there
really are so many parties here amongst the Know
Nothings and Pusionists, that they have finally
assumed the name of " opposition to the Admin-
istration;") I say, when that gentleman declined
the other day being further a candid ate for Speaker,
in the handsome manner in which he did, he stated
to the House that he was satisfied he could not
be elected unless he gavfc up his long-cherished
