1S55.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2$
principles upon the subject of slavery; or unless
he should agree to propositions in reference to the
formation of committees, which, in his judgment,
would make him a fit subject for public contempt.
These remarks would imply that propositions
had been made to that honorable gentleman,
either in relation to his opinions upon the subject
of slavery or in relation to the formation of the
committees of this House, to secure his election.
"Now, sir, I know that no such proposition ever
* came from the Democratic party; and I want to
know from that gentleman, if any such proposi-
tions have been made, where did they come from
—from what party, and from what section?
Had not the gentleman made the speech he
did, I should not have asked such a question of
him. I did not suppose that any such proposi-
tion would come from any party or any man
upon the floor of the House of Representatives.
But, as I have said, the speech itself indicates
that such propositions have been made, and that
is the only evidence I have of the fact. But I
think it is due to the country, it is due to the
•House, and it is due to the gentleman's own self-
respect, that he shall come out and say whether
such propositions have really been made; and if
boj from whom they came. Let us know it; let
the country know it. If there is a party 111 this
House that will make such propositions as the
gentleman intimates have been made in relation
to the formation of committees, and in relation j
to the subject of slavery, it ought be known, and ;
the sooner the better. I have said that they did
not come from the Democratic party, and 1 want ,
to know from what party they did come.
I am not one of those who despair of the Union, j
-I see no danger in the present condition of the
House, from the delay of it organization. The
Democratic party act now as they always have
acted—upon pi Inciple; and standing upon the
principles of that party, I am willing to sit here
and vote from now until the 4th of March, 1^37;
and I could do it without fear of danger to tin; j
Union. I have no complaints to make of the ■
conduct of the Opposition; nor have I complaints ;
to make of any one. I like to see good feeling ■
prevail. I have merely risen to ask the gentle- i
man from Ohio the question which I have pro- ;
pounded, candidly, whether such propositions |
have been made, and, if so, by whom? I trust
he will give us an answer, and relieve the House
from the seeminginsinuation made by his speech.
Mr. CAMPBELL. - Some days ago", m good
faith, I withdrew, as far as I had power, the ob-
stacles to the organization of the House. The
effort has been made very ingeniously by the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith]
to put me on the witness stand this morning, m
order that I may be examined and cross-exam-
ined as to what I meant by the remarks I then
submitted.
Sir, let me say to that gentleman that I have
served here for six years, and have " traveled"
somewhat. [Laughter.] I take this occasion to
inform him that I do not now recognize his right
thus to interrogate me, and that I will not permit
myself to be placed in that situation which nu^lit
.produce new obstacles to the organization of this
body.
The business, sir, which the country demands
at our hands is not this fire and cross-fire. I am
responsible, I tell the gentleman, not only to those
with whom I act politically, but to my political
opponents, for everything I uttered on that occa- j
sion—I take not back one single word—I bide my '
time, sir, for explanations, if any are necessary. .
That time is not now. The only legitimate j
business of this body, I repeat, is its organiza- !
tion,and I decline to be put upon the witness stand |
for the purpose of producing discord between the i
various parties of the House. j
Mr. READE. Mr. Clerk, we are wasting I
time, and fretting each other—mere child's play, j
When a Speaker is elected, of course he must be
from the North or the South. If from the North, i
courtesy requires that he should be one. least ob-!
jectionable to the South; and if from the South, j
courtesy requires that he should be one least ob- !
jecfionahle to the North. Isubmitaplanwhich,
if adopted, would insure orqanizatioiicertainkij and :
harmony probably. The plan is this: let the North j
select the Speaker, and the South will vote with j
them, upon condition they select him from the j
South; or, let the South select him, and the North 1
will vote with them, upon condition they select
him from the North. And to test the sense of
the House and allow time for conference, I move
that the House do now adjourn; and on that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
The CLERK. The question now recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Nfew York [Mr.
Matteson,] to lay upon the table the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman.] The yeas and nays were demanded.
Mr. MATTESON. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
[Cries of " Go on with the call."]
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and
the following was the result of the sixtieth vote:
Whole number of votes cast, 224; necessary to a
choice, 113; of which— <
Nathaniel P. Banks received 105
William A. Riehatdson 74
Homy M. Fuller  40
Janie^ L. Orr *  1
Benjamin F. Loiter  1
John Williams  1
Jalm Scott Harrison    1
John Kelly  1
Alexander (J. M. Penuuigton  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
ffoury Rennetl, Benson, Bilhujihuist, Dmsbam, Bishop,
15hse, Brnd4ntw, Uienlon, HutTuujion, Builmgame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis i). Campbell, Chalk''', ICzia C'latk,
Clawr-on, Colt'ax, Comm*, Covode, Ci^gtn, Cummick,
J)<umell, Timothv David, Day, Dean, De Witt, l)u'k,
Dick-on, Dodd, Diufoe, Edwauls Rmne, Flakier, Gal-
hnvav, Guiding, Gilbert, urnnper. Giow, R.ohert B.Hall,
Harlan, Hollowav, Thomas It. Hoiton, Valentine Kor-
ton, Howard, Hughs-tun, Kci^-v, knur, Knapp, Knight,
Knowiton, knox, Kunkri, Letter, Maee, Matte^on, Mc-
Caity, Meacham, Killian Miiiei. Moigan, Monill, IV!on,
Mutiav, NiciioK, Noiton, Andifvv Oliver, Parker, IMton,
Pennington,Peny, P-'ttu, Pike, Prmsrle.Purvianee, iutcim',
Robbing Robeits, Robt-on, vSabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianali.ui, Tappan. Thoung-
ton, Thin-.ton, Todd, Tiai'ion, Tv«,« n, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbudge, Waldion, Cadwaladei C. Washbuinc, FJ.hhu
B Washbiune, I-iael Wa^hbuui, Watson, Welen, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woouworih.
For Mr. Ru-hardson— Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barelay,
Baiksdale, Bell, llentyS. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyee,
Btaneh, Biooks, Burnett, Cadwaladei, Caiuih«'i*, Caskio,
Clmgiricin. Howell Cobb, Williamson R W. fjoblv, Cmu'P,
Crawfoid, Denver, Dowdcll, Edniundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fulh r, Goode, Gieen-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hani-, Thom;u L
Flame, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewell, Gi'orge W.
Jones, J. Glanc> Jone-;, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letchci,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-hall, Maxwell, McMullin. Zvlc-
Uuer-n, ^mitli Miller, Million, Moid^eai Oliver, On, i'eek,
Ph'dps. Powell, (Quitman, Rufhn, Ku<t, Sandidge, Savage,
Sewaid, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phen*1, Stew.ut, Talbott, Tayloi, V.ul, Warner, Watkins,
Well:-, VCmslow, and John V. Wngbt.
For Mr. Vvller—Me^rs. Biooni, John,P. Campbell, Car-
hle, Bajaid Clark, Cox, Cullcn, fleniy Winter Davis, Edie,
Ltliertdge, Eiiati.-,, Evans, Foster, J- Mom-ion lla-n-, flai-
ii-jou, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett, liake, Lmdley, Alexan-
der K. Mais-hall, Ilumphicy Marshall, Millward, Mooie,
Pauie, Poiter, Puiyear, Ileadc, Ready, Ricaud, Biveis,
Scott, William R. Snuih, Sneed, Swop:, Tnppe, Under- |
wood, Valk, Walkei, Whitney, and Zolhcofier. I
For Mr. Chr—Mr. William*.
For Mr. William-*—Mr. Wheeler.
jFor Mr. Hwritoij—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Ball.
For Mr. Letter— Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Kelly—Mr Richardson.
The Clerk againoalled the roll, and th^ follow- j;
ing was the result of the'sixty-first vote: Whole j]
number of votes cast, 226; necessary toachoicc, j|
114; of which— !j
Nathaniel P. Bank^ received... 105 i|
Willuun i\. Richardson  71 i|
Henry M. Fuller  40 i |
Jiuee^L. Orr  t
Benjamin F. Loiter  1
John William^  1
John Seoti Harrison  1
William Smqh  1
Alexander C. M. Pennington    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Bank?—Messrs. Albusht, Aihson, Barbour.
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghiu^t, Bnmham, Dwhop,
Bh.ss, BuuUhaw, Brenton, Buttingcon, Bulling iiiu;, J wne^
II. Campbell, Lewis L). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clnik,
dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode. Cragin. Cumbaek^
Damrell, Tunothv Davis. Day, Dean. i>e Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Duri'ee, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Eobert B. Hall,
Harlan, Holloway, ThomasR. Horton,Valentine B. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,Kmglit.,Ivno\vl
ton, Knox, Kunk<il, Leiteij Mace, Matteson, MeCarty',
Meacham. Killian Miller, Morgan, Morjill, Mott7"Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peltoe, Penmng-
lon, Perry, Petiir, Pike, Pringie, rurviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Tliorington,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, T>^on, Wade, Wakeman, Wai-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwafadcr C. Wasliburne, Eliihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodiulf, and Woodworth.
For Mr, Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdalo, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyee,
Bianch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carutliers, Caskie,
Clmgnian, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Craige,
Ciawfoid, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, EUiott, English,
Faulknei, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gieen-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampan W. Harin, Thomas L.
Harris, Heibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewell, Gcoige W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Leteher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMullm, Mc-
Gtueen, Smith Miller, Million, Moidecai Oliver,Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Baffin, Ru&t, Snndidfzc, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, Tayloi, Vail, Warner, Watkins,
Wells, Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Cox,Cullen, Ilenry Winter Davis, Edie, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Foster, J. Moin^on Harris,tlarrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Maishall, Milhvard, Moore, Paine, Porter, Pur-
year, Roade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Seott, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker,
Whitney, and ZolheofFer.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams. *
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Smith—Mr. RichardfOn.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Ball.
Mr. FLAGLER, (at two o'clock, p. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House
thereupon adjourned till twelve o'clock, m., on
Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 17, 1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Benja-
min Hathaway? praying that the bounty land to
which Charlotte Hathaway was entitled as widow
of his father, Silas Hathaway, a revolutionary
soldier, may be granted to her children; which
was referrecl to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Robert W. Coggoshall and
others, heirs of Daniel Hall, deceased, praying
for compensation for loss of property destroyed
by the enemy during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee en Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of Isaac S. Whitford, for
bounty land on account of the revolutionary ser-
vices of his faiher, Thomas Whitford, deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Oliver Weeks,
praying to be allowed the bounty land due their
father for revolutionary services; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Dorrance and others, heirs of David
Dorrance, a captain in the New York line of the
revolutionary army, and the petition of the chil-
dren and heirs of Captain David Swe/y, of the
New York line of tlio army of the Revolution,
praying indemnity for losses by commutation
certificates; which were referred to the Committee
oh Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Thomas Keith, son-in-
law of Sarah Crandall, praying for an amendment
of the act for her relief, approved July 27, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of Susan Hubbard and Wil-
liam Lo<ran, children and heirs of Maior Samuel
Logan, an officer in the New York line of the
army of the Revolution, praying indemnity for
losses by commutation certificates; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of Hannah Kniffin, daughter
of Major Samuel Lo^au, an officer in the New
York line of the Continental aimy, praying in-
demnity for losses by commutation certificates
issued to her father; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Court Gndley, one of the
sons of Captain John Gridley, deceased, of the
