so
appendix to the congressional globe.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
February last, many of the mips, drawings, and
scientific papers intended to form part of the
report, ana which could only be prepared after
an elaborate examination of the materials col-
lected, had not been completed for the want of
time, and it became necessary to substitute hastily
prepared drawings and preliminary reports. This
was particularly the ease with regard to the
"work on the route of the 3oth parallel. A. ^minute
examination of the material collected in that
survey has resulted in showing the route more
practicable than it was at first represented to be,
and in reducing to nearly one half the original
estimate of the officer in charge of the survey,
which indeed seemed, when they were submitted,
to be extravagant, and were noted in the report
from this Department as probably excessive.
• Another feature of interest developed in the I
course of the future examination of the work,
on the route of the 32d parallel, is that the Colo- J
rado desert, which is traversed by the route for j
a distance of one hundred and thirty-three miles,
and which, in the report referred to, was noted
as consisting of a soil that needed only water to
render it highly productive, is in fact the delta
Of the Colorado river, and, according to baro-
metric levels, is so much lower than that stream
as to be easily irrigated from it. Thus there is
every reason to believe four thousand five hun-
dred square miles of soil of great fertility, of
which nearly one half is in our territory, may
be brought into cultivation, in one unbroken tract,
along the route.
Under the appropriation made at the last ses-
sion for the continuation of those surveys and
other purposes, three parties have been in the
field during the past season. One of them was
directed to make examinations connected with
the routes of the 32d and 35th parallels. This
survey has greatly improved the aspect of the
former route by changing the line for nearly half
the distance between the Rio Grande and the
Pimas villages on the Gila river from barren
ground to cultivable valleys, and entirely avoid-
ing a jornada of eighty miles, which occurs in
that section; also, by the discovery of an emi-
nently practicable route through a cultivable coun-
try, from the plains of Los Angelos, along the
coast, and through the Salinas valley to San Fran-
cisco. The connection originally proposed be-
tween those points was by way of the valley of
San Joaquin and the Great Basin.
Tiie attention of this party was also directed
to an examination into the practicability of pro-
curing water along certain parts of the route
where it is now deficient. The report shows that
it may be obtained by common wells at distances
of about twenty miles.
From the result of this exploration, moreover,
it appears practicable to obtain, at a small expense,
a good wagon road, supplied with water by com-
mon wells, from the Rio Grande down the San
Pedro and Gila, and across the Colorado desert.
Such a road would be of great advantage in mil-
itary operations, would facilitate the transporta-
tion of the mail across that country, and. relieve
emigrants pursuing that route from much of the
difficulty and suffering which they now encounter.
A second party wag charged with the duty of
testing the practicability of procuring water by
Artesian wells on the Llano Estacado, an arid plain
■which has been heretofore deqerfted as a desert.
The experiment has so far demonstrated its prac-
ticability as to leave little doubt of its final suc-
cess. It will be continued, however, until the
problem shall have been fully solved.
The examinations into the feasibility of caustag
subterranean streams to flow upon the surface
from Artesian wells, though undertaken in con-
nection with the practicability of a railroad, if
they should prove entirely successful will have a
value beyond their connection with that object,
in the reclamation of a region which is now a
waste, and its adaptation to the pastoral and per-
Jjaps the agricultural uses of man.
The third party was directed to conduct an ex-
ploration from the Sacramento to the Columbia
river, with a view to ascertain the practicability
of a route to connect the valleys of those rivers.
The officer in charge has reported the successful
completion of the duty, but has notgiven details.
The same officer has been directed to make a
reconnoisance of the Sierra Nevada in the vicinity
of the head branches of Carson river.
The prosecution of instrumental surveys, ac-
companied by an investigation into many branches
t f physical science simultaneously, over lines of
such length, and embracing such an extent of
latitude, is a work of greater magnitude than any
•  of the kind hitherto undertaken by any nation;
I and its results have not only proved commensurate
with the amount of work done, but possess a value
! peculiar to the scale on which it has been con-
ducted, as affording a basis for the determination
of some questions of science which no number
of smaller detached explorations could, have fur-
nished. Should means be granted, pursuant to
the estimate in the report referred to for continuing
: these explorations, I have every confidence that
the expenditure will be well repaid by these con-
tributions to our knowledge of the interior of the
country.
..The facts developed by these surveys, added
to other information which we possess, suggest
some considerations of great interest with regard
to our territory on tho Pacific. They exhibit it
as a yarrow slope of an average width of less than
one hundred and fifty miles of cultivable land,
skirting the ocean for a distance of one thousand
miles, rich,in those mineral productions which
are tempting even beyond their value, and which
would be most readily turned to the use of an
invader, drained by two rivers of wide-spread
branches, and with seaports lying so directly
upon the ocean that a hostile fleet could com-
mence an attack upon any one of them within a
few hours after being descried from land, or if
fortified against attack, so few in number that
1 comparatively few ships would suffice to blockade
them.
This territory is not more remote from the
principal European States than from those parts
of our own country whence it would derive its
military supplies; and some of those States have
colonies ana possessions on the Pacific which
would greatly facilitate their operations against
it. With these advantages, ana those which the
attacking force always has, of choice of time and
place, an enemy possessing a considerable mili-
tary marine could, with comparatively little cost
to himself, subject us to eilormous expenses in
giving to our Pacific frontier that protection which
it is the duty of the General Government to
afford.
In the first years of a war with any great mar-
itime Power, the communication by sea could
not be relied upon for the transportation of sup-
plies from the Atlantic to the Pacific States. Our
naval peace establishment would not furnish ad-
equate convoys for the number of store-shipe
which it would be necessary to employ, and store-
ships alone, laden with supplies, could not under-
take a voyage of twenty thousand miles, passing
numerous neutral ports where an enemy's armed
vessel, even of the smallest size, might lie in wait
to intercept them.
The only line of communication, then, would
be overland,and by this it would be impracticable
with any means heretofore used to furnish the
amount of supplies required for the defense of the
Pacific frontier. At tae present prices over the
best part of the route, the expense of land trans-
portation alone for the annual supplies of provis-
ions, clothing, camp equipage, and ammunition
for such an army as it would be necessary to
maintain there, would exceed $20,000,000, and
to maintain troops and carry on defensive opera-
tions under those circumstances, the expense per
man would be six times greater than it is liow.
The land transportation of each field 12-pounder,
with a due supply of ammunition for one year,
"would cost $2,500; of each 24-pounder and ammu-
nition, §9,000; and of a sea-coast gun and ammu-
j nition, $12,000. The transportation of ammuni-
; tion for a year, for one thousand sca-coast guns,
| would cost $10,000,000. But the expense of
transportation, would be vastly increased by war,
i and at the rates that were paid on the north-
ern frontier during the last war with Great Brit-
ain, the above estimates would be trebled. The
time required for the overland journey would be
from four to six months. In point of fact, how-
ever, supplies for such an army could not be
transported across the continent. On the arid and
I barren belts to be crossed, the limited quantities
' of water and grass would soon be exhausted by
the numerous draught animals required for heavy
trains, and over such distances forage could not
be carried for their subsistence. On the other
hand, the enemy would send out his supplies at
from one seventh to one twentieth the above rates,
and in loss time, perhaps in one fourth the time,
if he should obtain command . of the isthmus
r°ADy reliance, therefore, upon furnishing that
part of our frontier with means of defense from
the Atlantic and interior States, after the com-
mencement of hostilities, would be vain; and the
next resource would be to accumulate there such
an amount of stores and supplies as would suffice
during the continuance of the contest, or until
we could obtain command by the sea. Assigning
but a moderate limit to this period, the expense
would yet be enormous. The fortifications, de-
pots, and storehouses, would necessarily be on
the largest scale, and the cost of placing supplies
there for five years would amount to nearly one
hundred million of dollars. In many respccts
the cost duringpeace would be equivalent to that
during war. The perishable character of many
articles would render it perhaps impracticable to,
put provisions in depot for such a length of time,
and in any case there would be deterioration
amounting to some millions of dollars a year.
These considerations, and others of a strictly
military character, cause the Department to ex-
amine with interest all projects promising the
accomplishment of a railroad communication
between the navigable waters of the Mississippi,
and those of the Pacific ocean. As military oper-
ations depend in a greater degree upon rapidity
and certainty of movement than upon any other
circumstance, the introduction of railway trans-
portation has greatly improved the means of de-
fending our Atlantic and inland frontiers; and to
give us a sense of security from attack upon the
most exposed portion of our territory, it is re-
quisite that the facility of railroad transportation
should be extended to the Pacific coast. Were
such a road completed, our Pacific coast, instead
of being further removed in time, and less access-
ible to us than to an enemy, would, be brought
within a few days of easy communication, and
the cost of supplying an army there, instead of
being many times greater to us than to him,
would be about equal. We would be relieved of
the necessity of accumulating large supplies on
that coast, to waste perhaps through long years
of peace; and we could feel entire confidence that,
let war come when and with whom it may, be-
fore a hostile expedition could reach that exposed
frontier, an ample force could be placed there to
repel any attempt at invasion.
From the results of the surveys authorized by
Congress we derive at least the assurance tha,t
the work is practicable, and may dismiss the
apprehensions which previously we could not but
entertain as to the possibility of defending our'
Pacific territory through a long war with a pow-
erful maritime enemy.
The judgment which may be formed as to the
prospect of its completion, must control our future
plans for the military defense of that frontier, and
any plan for the purpose which should leave that
consideration out of view would be as imperfect
as if it should disregard all those other resources
with which commerce and art aid the operation
of armies.
Whether we shall depend on private capital and
enterprise alone for the early establishment of
railroad communication, or shall promote its con-
struction by such aid as the General Government
may constitutionally give; whether we shall rely
upon the continuance of peace, until the increase
of the population and resources of the Pacific
States shall render them independent of aid from
those of the Atlantic slope and Mississippi valley;
or whether we shall adopt the extensive system
of defense above referred to, are questions of
public policy which it belongs to Congress to
decide. ' *
Beyond the direct employment of such a road
for military purposes, it has other relations to all
the great interests of our Confederacy—political,
commercial, and social—the prosperity of which
essentially contributes to the common defense.
