1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. HALE. There was a resolution, which
Waa presented by me in the morning hour yes-
terday; but it was objected to and laid over. It
is ti resolution of inquiry; I ask tilat it may be
taken up and acted on now.
Mr. WELLER," 1 believe I was on the floor
when the Senator from New Hampshire rose,
and made a motion to proceed to the consideration
of the bill to provide for making a road in Min-
nesota. I do not know that there is any objection
to the resolution of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; butif it is hkelytogiverise todebate Ido not
want to lose my right to the floor. If it will pass
sub silentio, of course I shall interpose no objection,
as 1 have none myself to the resolution.
Mr. HALE, I suppose my resolution fairly
belongs to the business of the morning hour, it
is a resolution wlueh was laid over under the
rules, and comes up for consideration in the morn-
ing hoar of to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senate to give preference to other
business. The Senator from California is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the .Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
417) for the construction of a road from Port
Ridgley, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill
Mr. WELLER. If any Senator desires inform-
ation upon this subject, I will ask for the read-
ing of the memorial of the Legislature of Min-
nesota Territory. It is the second one, I believe,
whiJi haw been presented from the Territorial
Legislature for this road. I can show any Sen-
ator, by a reference to the map, that if the road
be constructed, we can reach an important point
on the Missouri river, by a travel of two hundred
miles, which requires at present a travel of nearly
eighteen hundred miles.
Mr. COLLAMER. is there any reportaccom-
panying the bill ?
Air. WELLER. I will inform the Senator
from Vermont that I have sent to the Chair a
memorial from the Territorial Legislature of Min-
nesota, being the second one that it has sent here
upon the subject. I hope that it will give the
Senator all the information he requires.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Memorial to Congrf-^s for an appropriation to open
a ao vd from Fort LlnxvLi;** to the rfoi'TH Pass iis ihk
Rocky Mountain--,.
To the honorable the Senate and J-fouse of Representation
of ihc United St aces in Congie^ss assembled.
The memorial of the Legislative Assembly of Minnesota
Terntory M>peotfully i'-pi'jsents:
First. Tiiai the gieataivl increasing emigration fiom the
northern and middle s^tafis to Calilotma and Oregon de-
mands at the hands of Congress additional facihues for
tiaveL which can be effectually provided by the suivey and
opening of a wagon road from Fort Ilidgley (to which place
roads have been opened) to intersect tiie great emigrant
rout? near the South Pa-s in the Rocky Mountains.
Second. That tin* route above designated would aftbid a
c!ie<ipeis ^horU'i, and more convenient route foi that portion
of the California and Oregon emigration which reaches the
Mis-xis-sppi at or above Rock inland, than any loute now
ti.iveled. while the ivukn of the emigiant would he pio-
moted by being e\'eniptf:om Pie tMn>tnon from a northern
to a southern climate, which i^in"Vitabie to those who leave
the noithein States and tiavel by the Mi-^ouu loute.
Thud. That the supply of wood, water, and pasturage,
would be found much more abundant by the piopo^fd route
than by any other mutes traveled, wlnh* the tune, gained by
tins loute would be of incalculable advantage to the emi-
grant by enabling Inm to reaeii the South Pa^s with far less
lati^uc to hi^ j-to-.-k,and con^oquenrH enabling hun to pios-
eeule the temainder of hi > journey wuii greater promptitude
and e< itam*y.
Fourth That m proof of the great differences in the dis-
tant e on the routes now tiaveleci, youi memorialu-rs would
hdlmut foi joui consultation the lollowiag table of dis-
tanc's:
From Catena to St. Louis 500 miles.
Fsom St. Louk to St. Jo^pii 900 *<
Ftom St. Joseph to Soiuh 1'a^ 800 "
2,200 "
From C^bmato St. Paul   .320 miles.
Fiom St. Paul to Fort Ridgley 100
From Fort Ridglev to Mi^>oun ltveu   300 "
J'l.nn .Mi^oun rivei to South Tar-s 380
1,100  
Making a difference of one half, or 1,101 mile--, between
Gal ma and the South Pa<s.
Fifth. That it is therefore confidently submitted, that the
road above indicated would be shorter by one halt from Ga-
lena to the South Pa s, and consequently your honorable
body will readily perceive the great advantages to be gained
in the transportation of Indian supplies to that portion of
country lying west of the Missouri river, and even a* far
south as Fort Laramie; and also for the transposition of
tioops from the Upper Mississippi to the Upper Missouri,
at the same time affording three hundred per eent greater
facilities for carrying the mails. And your memoiialists
would further repicsent, that the proposed route would pass
through a country abundantly provided with wood, water,
and pasturage, and almo-t entirely free from marshes or
other natural impediments to travel.
Sixth. That the Legislature ofthe Territory ofMmne-=ota,
in view ofthe necessity for a more facile, safe, comfortable,
and economical route fiom the northern and middle States
to California and Oregon, have appointed competent com-
missioners to locate a l'oad fiom Foit Ridglev to the Missouri
river, at or near the old Fort anx Cedar, which road will
pass through to the Indian country, and be of much benefit
to the Government in the movement of troops among the
Indians inhabiting the country near the Missouri river a?
aforesaid
Seventh. Your memoiialists would, therefore, respect-
fully urge your honorable bodies to make an appropriation
of >*50;<JJ0 todefoiy the e\'pen--c>s of surveying and opening
said road, and to piocure the extension of said road from
near or at the above mentioned point on the jVIissouh, up the
valley ofthe Wftifc Watoi, to internet the great umg/ant
route on the Sweet Water, to the South Pass in the Rocky
Mountains.
Cighth. Your memorialists would fuithcr represent that
the sum above mentioned would be sufficient to open and
make a good load the entire distance from Fort Ridgley to
the Missouri river, with the exception ol the crossing of
1 irge sti :am< where ferries will be immediately established
lor the accommodation of travel, for the establishment of
which jour memorialists would icspectfullj ask your hon-
orable bodies ro eonsidei the piopriety of establishing forts
at coi tain points along said route. «►
Ninth. That your honorable bodies grant the right of pre-
emption to persons establishing said femes, of one half
section on each side of the above mentioned streams, for
the purpose and use of said ferries; and whereas the lion.
William II. Nobles has expended much money and tune in
explotmg different loutes of communication from tie Mis-
sissippi to the F'aedie, and has made valuable diseovene®
which have been of inestimable advantage to the emigrant
m making the long and dangerous tiansit aero*? the plains
to California and Oregon; and whoieas, by hn discovery
of a loute from the Humboldt river to the Saeiamento, a
distance of two hundred and twenty miles of tiavel has
been saved to the emigrant, who at the same time has been
enabled to avoid the 44 Great Fifty Mile Desert.*' between
the sinks of the Humboldt, Carson, and Tuikey river, and
by his discovering also of the Pa^s through the Siena Ne-
vada^, winch beat- his name, and winch, as repirouted by
lmn tour \ eais since, U is behoved i* the be^t and mo^t feas-
ible ot all lot an emigiant road or lailroad through th^se
mountains, he has rendered a very mipoiiant and lasting
service to the countiy at large - and
Whereas, huge sums ot money have been expended by
the General Government in exploring dilFeieut portions of
the-e plains and mountains, with n view to ascertain the
most favorable route through the same, without detiaeting
in the least from the representations of Mr. Nobles, or the
ments of his discoveries:
In consideration of the premises, therefore, the Congress
ofthe United States iseamestlv but respectfully lequoted
to appropriate to him such sum of money, or such an
amount ol land, as shall be. deemed to be an equitable and
adequate remuneration for his expenses, labors, and discov-
eries before mentioned.
CHARLES GARDNER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN B. P,RISIif\T,
President of the Council.
Approved February 1^, 1856. W. A. GORMAN.
Mr. CLAY. I should, like to hear the bill
read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. CLAY. If the purpose of the road were
to provide for the military defense of the country,
I should have no scruples in voting for it. Being
reported from the Committed on Military Affairs,
1 suppose that is its main object, and hence I
have been surprised to find that the control or di-
rection of the construction of this road is given
to the Secretary of the Interior. This strikes me
as a novel feature; and it changes, to some extent,
the character of the work, as I have understood
and am inclined to regard it. I should like to
have some explanation of this feature. I move
to strike out 44 Secretary of the Interior," and
insert " Secretary of War." It has been hitherto
the practice of the Government to intrust the
construction of these roads, when intended really
for the defense of the country, to the Secretary
of War, and I should like to understand the rea-
son for this change.
Mr. WELLER. This is the bill precisely as i
it was sent to the Senate from the House of Rep- !
resentatives. I know it has been unusual to j
place the territorial roads under the control of |
any other than the War Department; but, in my j
the military superintendence of these ;
roads is not the best that can be had. I um de- ;
cidedly in favor of having tfcese roads made by i
civilians. I believe they better understand tliaCt
business, and they certainty dispatch it witfei
much more rapidity; and in all these new coun-
tries, time is a very important consideration.
I am. willing to leave it to any Department of
of the Government in preference to the military—-
not certainly from a want of confidence inwthe
head of that Department, for there is no .man.
whom I cherish warmer feelings of respect and
regard, but because it/will be placed in the-hands
of topographical engineers, and, m my judgment,
they are not as good road-makers as civilians*
If any Senator would go to the State which. I
have the'honor to represent on this floor, he
would find all the roads made by practical men;
they are made by stage contractors, who, instead
of taking instruments to ascertain the altitude o£
mountains, take their shovels iind spades, go to
work, and they overcome the difficulties of the
mountain while an engineer, perhaps, is survey-
ing the altitude of a neighboring hill. •
I prefer it in this shape for an Additional rea-
son, and it is a reason that will control my
action. In the present condition of things in the
House of Representatives, it will be almost im-
possible to get this bill up there again, if we re-
turn it to that body. It has passed the House of
Representatives. It met with some opposition
before, but it is now here, and I prefer to take it
as it is rather than send it back to the House.
I hope, therefore, on that ground, my friend
from Alabama will not interpose objection. I
think the memorial shows the. importance ofthe
road, and demonstrates that to the satisfaction of
the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the* Senator from
California if he has any assurance that, even if
this road be placed under the direction of the *
Secretary of the Interior, he will not call upon
the War Department for topographical and en-
gineer officers? That is usual.
Mr. WELLER. I have no assurance of that
character; but I expressed the opinion here, with
the hope that it may have some influence on
the final determination of this question. It will
be seen that the bill requires the work to be
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, who is to make the contracts. I take it for
granted that the Secretary of the Interior will
select civilians, if he thinks they can perform
the work better than the topographical engi-
neers of the War Department. Ho is a western
man, and he is a practical man, and will make
the best selection for the Territory.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no idea that I can vote
for the bill at all. I think that in some respects
it is the most extraordinary bill that -has ever
come to the Senate, or passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. These communications from one
part of a country to another arc publici juris.
They are matters which ought to originate with
some responsible source of this Government.
But if a territorial government can indicate a
route, come here and have it sanctioned, as I
suppose it will be sanctioned by appropriations,
what is to prevent Alabama, or any other State
lower down, from indicating and asking for a
survey of another route to the Pacific ?
Why is it that the Territory of Minnesota
especially lias taken jurisdiction over this matter
ol' communication with the South Pass, as it is
called ? I do not know that this is the best route.
I am inclined to think other routes may be as
good. Nor do I recognize the Minnesota Legis-
lature as a body to dictate to Congress, or to
make communications to Congress with regard
to the roads we are to make. If the President
had sent us his message, or if this measure had
originated with the War or the Interior Depart-
ment, 1 should have some of the assurances
implied in the character of the officer as to the
propriety of the route. But I am to take the
route on the representation of this memorial when
I do not know whether it is the best route, or
whether any such road is necessary at all. I
know my voice is feeble on this subject; but this
is the first instance, I Relieve, in which a Terri-
torial Legislature has undertaken a jurisdiction
or province which it seems to me belongs ex-
clusively to one of the Departments of the
Federal Government. I know, however, that the
bill will pass, 1 know that any one will pass
that comes here under such influences as can be
exerted upon this. Many are interested in it,
