1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
&1
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op Re?s.
Of these it is not my purpose to treat, further
than to point to the additional resources which it
would develop, and the increase of population
which must attend upon giving such facility of
communication to a country so tempting to enter-
prise, much of which, having most valuable pro-
ducts, is beyond reach of market.
I refer to the reports of the officer in charge of
the Capitol and Post Office extensions for detailed
information in regard to those works. The prog-
ress of the former has been seriously retarded
in consequence of deficiency in the supply of
marble for the exterior. The work is, however,
so far advanced, that the interior finish must now
be considered. The original plan and estimate
■were for a finish similar to that of the main
buildings but this style would not be a fair
sample of the present state of architectural skill,
and it is supposed would not fulfill the wish of
Congress. It has therefore been thought proper
to have prepared for inspection specimens of en-
caustic tiling, instead ofbrick ana sandstone, for
the floor; of painting, instead of whitewashing.for
the walls and ceilings; these and other contem-
plated improvements, not included in the original
^>lan and estimate*-may be introduced to a greater
or less extent as Congress may provide. Modi-
fications have already been made, such as the
introduction of ornamental iron ceilings in the
principal rooms, the substitution of iron for wood
in the frames of the roofs, and the doors and win-
dows of the basement story, an increased thick-
ness of the marble in the walls, specially provided
for by law, and a costly and extensive corridor
required by the plan, but not contained in the
original estimate.
At the last session Congress adopted a plan,
and made an appropriation fora new dome to the
Capitol. No estimate of the cost of the work had
been submitted, nor has any yet been prepared.
In fact, at that time only the exterior had been
studied, and a sketch made showing the general
effect of the whole building as completed. The
study of the details has sincie been entered into,
and I refer to the report of the officer in charge
for a narrative of his operations, as well as for a
full description of the contemplated structure,
which promises to be an object of rare architect-
ural beauty. The resources exhibited in the
machinery designed to raise the enormous masses
Of iron composing the dome, and to place them
accurately in their elevated positions, reflect the
highest credit upon the capacity and skill as an
engineer of the officer in charge of the work.
Notwithstanding a very unhealthy season, the
Work on the aqueduct designed to supply this
city with water, has been prosecuted successfully,
ana to the extent of the means appropriated. A
larger appropriation will be asked in order to real-
ize the benefits of this great enterprise as early
and as economically as possible. Should the ap-
propriation be granted at an early period in the
session, the operations can be continuously car-
ried on; but if it should be delayed until the usual
period of making the annual appropriations, the
Spring—the most favorable season for work—
will be lost, and the operations be again subjected
to the interruptions resulting from tlje autumnal
diseases which prevail in the locality.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JEFF: DAVIS, Secretary oJi War.
To the President of the United States.
REPORT OF THE SKCRKTAHY OF Twin
WAVY.
Navt Department, December 3,1855.
Sir.: I have the honor to submit the annual
report from this Department, exhibiting the duties
performed by the several squadrons, my views
of the present condition and future prospects of
the service, and euggastions in regard to further
legislation required.
squadrons.
The Home Squadron, commanded by Commo-
dore Hiram Paulding, consists of the flag-ship,
the frigate Potomac, Captain L. M. Powell; the
sloops of war Saratoga, Commander E. G. Til-
ton; and Cyane, Commander A. B. Fairfax; and
tie steamer Fulton, Lieutenant Commanding R.
L. Tilghman. 6
The Columbia, late the flag-ship of the squad-
ron, having conveyed from Pensacola to San Juan
de Nicaragua,the United States Minister to Nicar-
agua and Guatemala proceeded from San Juan to
St. Thomas, where she arrived on the 9th of Feb-
ruary. The yellow fever having made its appear-
ance on board, she proceeded to Norfolk, where
she arrived on the 19th of March. Commodore
Newton was detached from the command of the
squadron, and the vessel put out of commission..
No intelligence has been received touching the
sloop Albany, about whose fate, at the date of
my last report, a painful anxiety was felt. The
steamers Princeton and Fulton were both sent in
search of her. The Princeton left Pensacola on
the 21st of November, ran down the coast of
Cuba, examined the islands of Little Caymans
and Cayman's Brae, thence to Kingston, (Ja-
maica,) Aspinwall, and Key West. The Fulton,
Lieutenant J. K. Mitchell, sailed from Norfolk
the 30th of December, and ran through the Ba-
hama and Caribbee Islands—along the Spanish
Main to Aspinwall—thence to San Juan de Nic-
aragua—thence across to Jamaica, sighting- the
various Keys on the way—thence to the Belize,
Honduras,, and along the coast of Yucatan to
Campeachy—thence to Havana and Norfolk,
where she arrived on the 5th of April—making
a rapid and searching cruise, evincive of the most j
indefatigable and untiring zeal. Not the slight- ;
est information could be obtained of the missing i
ship. !
The sloop Falmouth, Commander T. Darrah :
Shaw, sailed from Norfolk on the 15th of De-
cember, and proceeded on a cruise to the West
India Islands, touching at St. Thomas, Bay of
Samana, city of St. Domingo, Port au Prince,
Gonaives, St. Jago de Cuba, Carthagena, and
Aspinwall, and thence to Pensacola, where she
arrived on the 5th of May. The course of the
Falmouth was also such as would afford an
opportunity of obtaining information in relation
to the Albany.
The Cyane, Commander S. B. Wilson, having
been put m commission, sailed from Boston, April
28, 1855, to join this squadron. In March, intel-
ligence having reachfpl the Government that the }
Spanish frigate Ferrolana had fired at the United
States mail steamer El Dorado, off the coast of :
Cuba, while peaceably pursuing her cruise, it was I
deemed necessary and proper that a sufficient 1
naval force should appear in those waters, with a j
view to the protection of the rights and property :
of our citizens, and for the purpose of command- ;
ing due respect to our flag. The Department, on j
the 10th of April, assigned Commoaore Charles
S. McCauley to special duty and to the tempo- !
rarv command of the Home Squadron, and placed
under him the Cyane, the Jamestown, the Prince-
ton, and the Fulton. To these vesselswas added,
as a flag-ship, the San Jacinto, Captain C. K.
Stribling. They were actively engaged in cruis-
ing and watching over the interests and rights of
our countrymen in that quarter until early in
June." The instructions issued to Commoaore
McCauley on that interesting occasion have al-
ready been published. It is certainly gratifying
that no occasion occurred for collision between
the national Vessels of the two countries. Appre-
hensions of unfriendly interference having ceased
to exist, Commodore McCauley was detached
from this duty.
Commodore Paulding was assigned to the com-
mand of this squadron on the 1st of July, and
has for his flag-ship the frigate Potomac, Captain
L. M. Powell. The Potomac having, in company
with-the Cyane and Saratoga, made a short cruise
to the eastward, Commodore Paulding was or-
dered to proceed with his flag-ship to the coast
Of Central America, to look after thei interests of
our country, and to see that American citizens
sufferno detrimentfrom the revolutionary troubles
now distracting Nicaragua. He sailed from New
York under these orders on the 28th of November.
The other vessels of this squadron are actively
cruising.
BRAZIL SQUADRON.
This squ&dron (Commodore William D. Salter)
consists of the flag-ship, the frigate Savannah,
Captain Samuel Mercer; the sloop of war Ger-
mantown, Commander William F. Lynch; and
the brig Baifibridge, Commander James H.
Rowan. The store-ship Relief, Commander
Stephen C. Rowan, was also attached to this
squadron, but returned to New York on the 16th
; df November, and has been put out of commis-
sion . The Savannah and German town will be
relieved during the ensuing year.
This squadron has been industriously cruising
principally between Rio de Janeiro and the Rio
de la Plata, looking in at St. Catharine's, Monte-
video, and Buenos Ayres. The health of officers
and men has been good.
Misunderstandings of a very serious nature,
involving a painful collision, having occurred be-
tween our consul and officers of the vVater Witch
and the President of the Republic of Paraguay,
it was deepied expedient by Commander T. J.
i Page, commanding that steamer, on special ser-
j vice, to discontinue for the present the comple-
tion of the survey of the river Parana, in which
considerable progress had been made. You ara
a.ware of the state of negotiations between the
two Governments on this subject.
i ' Commander Page has, however, in the mean
time, in a small steamer chartered for the purpose,
; proceeded to the distance of three hundred and
j sixty miles up the river Salado, which empties
j into the Parana at Santa Fe, the principal town
I of the province of the same name, and one of the
Argentine Confederation. Beyond this distance
; it was found impossible to proceed, on account
of the shallowness of the water. The Salado
; had never, before this, been either ascended or
descended to this pointy The practicability of
its navigation was a proOiem unsolved until this
exploration. Commander Page, at last dates,
was at Santa Fe, and would proceed from thence
to the head or upper waters of the Pilcomayo,
with the hope of descending that river. Its ex-
ploration has been attempted by others, but never
accomplished.
! AFRICAN SQUADRON.
This squadron (Commodore Thomas Crabbe)
consists of his flag-ship, the Jamestown, Com-
mander James H. Ward; the sloops of war Dale,
Commander William McBIair; and St. Louis,
Commander John W. Livingston; and the brig'
Dolphin, Commander Edward R. Thompson.
The flag-ship Jamestown, in the early part of
1 the summer, was assigned to special duty off the
i coast of Cuba, under Commodore McCauley.
| She sailed from Key West on the 9th of Junfe, and
I arrived at Funchal Roads on the 8th of July.
! The St. Louis, Commander J. W. Livingston,
! sailed from Philadelphia on the 10th of Novem-
! ber, to relieve the Dale. On her arrival on the
! coast the Dale will return to the United States.
! Commodore'Isaac Mayo, who recently com-
! manded this squadron, returned with his flag-
ship, the Constitution, to the United States on
the 2d of June, entering the port of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire. When within three or four
hundred miles of Portsmouth, he-received intelli-
gence which induced him to alter his course and
Eroceed to Havana for the purpose of volunteering
is services and that of his ship to Commodore
McCauley, if required. The appearance of tha
Constitution there was opportune and impressive.
The sloop of war Marion, Commander Hugh
Y. Purviance,-recently belonging to this squad- .
ron, having been condemned as unseawortliy,
and her time being nearly out, returned to tho
United States, entering Norfolk on the 10th of
August.
The vessels of this squadron have been regu-
larly cruising within the limits of their station,
affording relief, whenever opportunity offered to
merchant vessels, and also taking care of the in-
terests of Americans in that portion of the world.
The Department has recent advices that the slava
trade south of the equator is entirely broken
up. The health of the officers find men on this
station has been good for the past year.
The Mediterranean Squadron, commanded by
Commodore Samuel L. Breese, consists of his
flag-ship, the frigate-Congress, Commander Thos.
T. Craven; the steam-frigate Saranac, Captain
John C.Long; and the sloppConstellation,Cap-
tain Charles H. Bell. The store-ship Supply,
Lieutenant David D. Porter, is also in the Medit-
erranean, engaged in special service for the War
Department.
Hie Congress trailed from New York on the
