22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
16th of July, to take the place of the Cumber-
land; and the Constellation sailed from Norfolk
on the 9th of August to join this squadron.
Commodore Stringham commanded this squad-
ron in the early part of the year, but, with his
flag-ship, the Cumberland, Commander Andrew !
A. Harwood, returned to the United States on i
the 30th of June, arriving at Boston.
The sloops of war St. Louis, Captain Duncan
N. Ingraham, and Levant, Commander Charles
C. Turner, have also both returned from this sta-
tion, the former arriving at Philadelphia on the
10th, and the latter at New York on the 4th, of
May. The Saranac will be relieved early next
year.
Owing to the return of most of the vessels of
this squadron early in the year, and their reliefs
not arriving out until late, the usual cruising has
been in a great measure interrupted, the winter
season in that sea being unfavorable to extended
cruising.
The East India Squadron, Commodore Joel
Abbot, consists of the flag-ship, the sloop Ma-
cedonian, the, steam-frigate Powhatan, Captain
William J. McC/une y, and the sloop of war Van-
dalin, Captain John Pope. The store-ship John
P. Kennedy, transferred from the North Pacific
Exploring Expedition, is stationed at Canton,
under the command of Commander Oliver S.
Glisson. ,
Commodore Matthew C. Perry, recently in
command of this squadron, has returned to the
United States. The steam-frigate Susquehanna,
Captain Franklin Bucmnan, arrived from this
squadron at Philadelphia on the ]0th of March;
the steam-frigate Mississippi, Commander Sidney
Smith Lee, at New York, on the 23d of April;
the sloop of war Plymouth, Commander John
Kelly, at Norfolk, on the 11th of January; and
the store-ships Supply, Lieutenant Arthur Sin-
clair; Lexington, Lieutenant John J. Glasson;
and Southampton, Lieutenant Junius J. Boyle,
at New York, on the 12th and 36th of February, ,
and the 31st of March, respectively.
York on the 25th of October, to relieve the Mace-
I donian. Commodore Abbot will return home in
| his flag-ship on the arrival out of the San Jacinto.
The sloop of war Levant, Commander William
Smith, also sailed from New York on the 13th of
November, to join this squadrom ThePowhatan
has been ordered to the United States. The Van-
dalia will also be recalled so soon as a substitute
i can be fitted out.
The survey and recannoisance of the Behring's
; Straits, the North Pacific ocean, and China seas,
has been continued, under the direction of Com-
mander John Rodgers, with commendable activity
j and. satisfactory results. Early in September,
1854, the vessels of the expedition, consisting of
j the Vincennes, Commander Rodgers; the steamer
| John Hancock, Lieutenant Commanding Henry
K. Stevens; the Porpoise, Acting Lieutenant Wil-
| Iiam King Bridge; and the Fennimore Cooper,
Acting Lieutenant William Gibson, sailed from
| Hon°r-Kon§^and proceeded to the Bonin and Lad-
' rone Islands, Loo-Choo, and the islands to the
westward, for surveying purposes. They re-
turned to Hong-Kong in February, 1855, with
the exception of the brig Porpoise, which vessel
parted company with the Yincennes on the 21st
of September, 1854, in mid-channel, between For-
mosa and China, to the northward and westward
of the Pescadores. Commodore Abbot was in-
structed to cause the most diligent search to be
made for her. So long a time has since elapsed,
that the Department has been, with reluctance,
compelled to consider her as lost. The fullest
confidence was reposed in her officers; they were
all young, energetic, and full ofprofessional pride.
The service, in this calamity, has met with a se- j
vere loss. Commander Rodgers apprehends that '
she was lost in a very heavy typhoon, of great '
force and intensity, which occurred about a month
after their separation, in which many vessels were
dismasted and greatly injured, and the Vincennes
narrowly escaped. The Porpoise was to have
met Commander Rodgers at the Bonin Islands,
, . , after performing certain duties. Commander
i.he treaty with Japan having been ratified by | Rodgers, after waiting there somewhat beyond
e Senate. f!ommanrlpp A A /I a mo n-ac i (jje appointed time, went in search of her—visit-
, ing Loo-Choo and other islands and places where
j he thought it possible she m^jht have been driven
in the gale, but without gaining any intelligence
the Senate, Commander Henry A. Adams was
sent out with it to China, and on his arrival,
Commodore Abbot was directed to dispatch a
vessel of war to Japan, that an exchange of rati-
fications of the treaty might be made with the
Japanese authorities. The Powhatan, Captain
of her. Subsequently, the Fennimore Cooper
so clear, that the horizon was apparently without
limit. No land could be seen from the royal
yards, and the water, as far as the vision could
reach, was free from ice. He then returned to
Herald Island, the southeast point of which was
| determined at 71° 21' north, I(?ngitude 175° 20'
west. From the summit of the island no land
: could be seen in any direction, although the hor-
j lzon was good. Running towards Plover Island,
when half way from its alleged position, his pro-
gress was arrested by a barrier of ice. No land
could be seen from the mast-head, though the air
j was clear. Commander Rodgers is of opinion
I that this island does not exist, and that Captain
' Kellett was misled by appearances.
Running for Wrangel's Land—which has never
been seen by Europeans—when within ten miles
of its position, anil in the reported Polynia, or
open sea, in latitude 70° 41', longitude 177° 21'
east, he was again arrested by barriers of ice. No
land could be seen, though it was thought that
the vision extended for six or eight miles in every
direction.
Having attained the limits proposed by him,
and penetrated further than any one else in the
directions selected, Commander Rodgers, taking^
on board Acting Lieutenant Brooke and his
party at Glassenappe, proceeded to San Fran-
cisco, where, with the other vessels of his com-
mand, he arrived early in October. The steamer
John Hancock was there transferred to the navy-
yard at Mare Island, California, and the Vincennes
and Fennimore Cooper are awaiting the orders
: of the Department as to the further prosecution
of the survey.
Ij The expedition, in addition to its other duties,
I! has afforded protection to commerce and our citi-
' i zens when necessary.
J Commander Rodgers and his officers are enti-
tled to the highest commendation for the ability
and energy with which they have prosecuted the
work to which they were assigned, and 1 have
no doubt their labors will prove not only of great
benefit to commerce, but also interesting contri-
butions to science.
j PACIFIC SQUADRON.
j This squadron is composed of the following
j vessels: The flag-ship, the Independence, Captain
| Josiah Tattnall; the sloops of war St. Mary's,
Commander Theodore Bailey; the John Adams,
 T' r/""" i1 a,ndJ;he John Hancock have thoroughly explored if Commander Edward B. Boutwell; the Decatur!
who r A ' ' , Pescadores and around the Island of Formosa, ! Commander Guest Gansevoort; and the steamer
wlio was duly empowered to effect the exchange, but without success. . - '
reached Japan safely and having accomplished j The expedition again left Hong-Kong inMarch,
r8mUn^i ]°n f /C f-7 last' - surveying the islands between Loo-Choo and
?tr™£r±drs r,rned to,the St^s- i jaPan">t& Kuriie Mands>thence *> pet™-
It was the intention of Commodore'Abbot to have lovski, where the vessels separated, takin.
visited Japan «y, yaar, but important matter's^
Shanghai, occummr at thetme nf , , eniiunore ooop
Shanghai, occurring at the time of the proposed
visit, prevented it.
The continuance of the civil war in China has
required the untiring efforts and activity of this
squadron to afford protection to the lives and
property of American citizens. Numerous hordes
of pirates infest the Chinese waters, and inter-
fere seriously with commerce in that region.
Commodore Abbot has at all times shown him-
self prompt and judicious in the discharge of the
delicate duties imposed upon him. Several en-
gagements have taken place between detachments
from the American men of war on that station
and the pirates, which have resulted most disas-
trously to t he latter. Many of the piratical junks
have been destroyed, their depots on shore burnt
and a number of the pirates killed. '
In these several encounters, the officers taA
men have conducted themselves gallantly, anj
honorable mention is made of Lieutenants Pe-
gram, Preble, Rolando, E. Y. McCauley, and
csproston; Assistant Engineers Stamm and Kel-
logg; Acting Masters' Mates J. P.'Willmms and
Craig; and Private Benjamin Adamson, of
uie Marine Corps, who was dangerously wounded.
1 deem this a proper occasion to suggest the
purchase or building of one or two steamers of
light draught, to be used in the Chinese rivers
as indispensable for the protection of the immense'
S°<Ka hel°nglng t0 citizens of lhe United States
wI!te 8uM?;flr,i"?te ?an Jacinto, Commander
ttenry H. Bell, bearing the broad pennant of
Commodore James Armstrong, sailed from New
up
ev
Massachusetts, Commander Samuel Swartwout.
! The stationary store-ship Fredonia, Lieutenant
| James D. Johnston, is at Valparaiso, and the
i Warren, Lieutenant David McDougall, is at the
navy-yard at Mare Island, California. Commo-
dore William Mervine commands this squadron.
The St. Lawrence, Commander William W.
„ , - „ , , , , .    — -— Hunter, the flag-ship of Commodore Bladen Du-
officers and crew of the whale-ship Monongahela, lany, having been relieved by the Independence
which It is supposed was lost, in the autumn nf on the 2d of February, arrived, with the Commo-
proceeded to Atcka, one of the Aleutian Islands,
to make inquiries in relation to the fate of the
supposed was lost, in the autumn of
1853, in attempting, during a gale, the seventy-
second passage, in longitude 172° west. Diligent
inquiry was made, and the Islands of Segoum
and Amoughta, which lie on each side of the
passage, were thoroughly examined. At Atcka
are still several water-casks, supposed to have
belonged to the missing vessel, but no tidings of
the officers and crew, all of whom are supposed
j j .to have perished with the vessel-
ij The Vincennes sailed from Petropaulovski and
' entered Behring's straits, reaching the harbor of
! Giessenappe, on the Asiatic side. Commander
Rodders left at this place a party, under Acting-
Lieutenant John M. Brooke, for observations
during his absence further north. He then stood
to the north for the purpose of verifying the posi-
tion of land in about 720 north and 175° west,
placed upon the admiralty charts by Her Britan-
nic Majesty's frig-ate Herald, Captain Kellett, to
examine., if possible; Plover Island, reported to
have been seen by the same officer, and then en-
deavor to reach" Wrangel'sLand,"as described
to Wraneel by the natives as visible, in clear
m ?ape Yakln- Running over the
Herald shoal, on which was not less than
. ?^Swater,he Passed Herald Island
® ( ¥ "orthward until he ran through
the position of the land given on the admiralty
chart, and came to anchor in forty-two fathoms, in
latitude 72° 05', longitude 174° 37'
west. It was
dore on board, at Norfolk, on the 21st of March.
The sloop of war Portsmouth, Commander T.
A. Dornin, returned from this station on the 5th
of April, entering Norfolk. The time of the St.
Mary'swill expire the latter part of the year,
when she will be ordered to the United States.
The cruising of the vessels of the Pacific Squad-
ron during the past year has been extended. The
Straits of Fuua, Astoria, and Portland, the Sand-
wich Islands, the Feejee Islands, Southern Poly-
nesia.Snd many of the ports of Chili and Mexico
have been visited. A vessel will soon be dis-
patched to the Marquesas Islands, to correct ir-
regularities on the part of the natives of those
islands. The interests of Americans have been
fully looked after.
. The Michigan, Commander Charles H. Mc-
j' ^"1 t'le ^Ist of Septemher under the com-
mand of Commander J. S. Nicholas,) is still use-
luJly employed on the lakes, affording assistance
to merchantmen in distress, and during the last
year has been the means of saving a large amount
of property and many lives.
REPORT OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
The report of the Naval Board of fifteen offi-
cers of the higher grades, assembled under the
''act to promote the effieiency of the Navy "
having been approved by you, I have, in pur-
suance of your direction, carried the same into
execution, according to the provisions of the law.
