S4
THE;CONGRESSIONAL GLQ^E.
December 17,
William A. Richardson*.«  <3
llenry M. Fuller.... * ^
Benjamin P. Leiter     J
JamesL. Orr    J
John Williams.       *
John Scott Harrison     *
Miies Taylor.   •[
Alexander C. M. Pennington  ...  1
* So there ^as no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Ben-
eon, BiJhagburst, Bingham, Bishop, Blisa, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Buffington, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis I).
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragin, Curaback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, ©ay,
Dean, Ve Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards,
Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway,Thomas R. Horton, Val-
entine B. Horton, Howard, Ilughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Kniglit, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,Matteson,
McCarty, Meacham, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, llobison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,Thoriog-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbrid^e, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
"Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Benuett, Bocock. Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers,Caf>kie,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson U.W.Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hail, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Heibcrt, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwel!, Lctcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordccai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Powell, Quitman, Ituffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Bhorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Vail, Warner, Watkina, Wells, Wmslow, and
John V. Wrjght.
For Mr. Fuller.—Messrs Broom, John P. Campbell, Gar-
ble, Bayard Clark, Cox,CulJen, Henry Winter Davis, Edie,
Ethemlge, JEustis, Evans, Foster, J. Mornson Hams, Har-
rison, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett,Lake, Lindley, Humphrey
Marshall, Millwaid, Pame, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready,
Kicaud, Rivers, Scott, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zoih-
eofier.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Taylor—Mr. Rjchaulson.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Ball.
Mr. BROOM. I ask the indulgence of this
House for a few moments for the purpose of sub-
mitting to them a suggestion by which the diffi-
culty in the way of the organization of this House
may be removed. We have been balloting here
now for the space of two weeks, and without a
result, or the prospect of a result. It is manifest
to every one that the obstacle in the way of organ-
ization is the question of the non-extension of in-
voluntary servitude within the Territories of the
"United btates. That obstacle removed, sir, there
would be no difficulty in the way of the organiza-
tion ef this House, The whole country is in
agitation, and, as has been observed by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullinJ this morn-
ing', there is now war upon our border arising
from this very question.
The great object of this Government should be
to allay this agitation, to suppress excitement,
and to restore to the people peace and harmony
from one end of this Union to the other, that we
may indeed not only be eallcd a nation, but that
we may exhibit our nationality by our attach-
ment to all parts of our Union.
The subject of a dissolution of this Union has
been, sir, for some time past, too lightly spoken
of, in violation of the admonitions of the great
father of his country, who enjoined upon those
who were to succeed him a fervent and ardent
attachment to that Union as the only basis of our
pence and of our happiness.
The proposition, sir, that I am about to sub-
mit, is not in the form of a joint resolution of
the Senate and House of Representatives, for, as
ye are not organized, such a matter could not be
in that form presented; but if the question which
has hitherto baffled and defied all spirit of com-
promise can be adjusted at all, it must be yet in
the nature of a compromise by the present Con-
gress. With that uew I present the proposition
which I will take the liberty of reading to the
House:
Whereas u j.s obvious thai the organization of this
House lias been, and w still, delayed and icndered imprac-
ticable by reason of discordant views and opinions enter-
turned and adhered to by the people and their Representa-
tive? concerning the subject of involuntary seivitude ui
the Territories of the Limed States: And whereas it is,
highly desirable that tbe people of thig nation should
enjoy, so far as practicable, perfect tranquillity, and be
secure against the farther agitation of"questions Which
have hitherto baffled and defied the spirit of compromise,
and which constantly tend "to alienate one portion of-
.our beloved country from tbe rest, and to enfeeble the
sacred ties which now link together the various parts:"
Therefore,
Resolved. That "the House of Representatives, by and
With the advice and consent of the Senate and President
of the United States, do hereby submit to the Justices of
the Supreme Court of the United States, as the supreme
judicial tribunal and expounders of constitutional law, for
their adjudication and decision, which shall be final and
conclusive thereon, the following questions, namely:
[At this point the reading was interrupted by
shouts of laughter.]
The CLERK. Order, gentlemen.
Mr. BROOM. I, regret that so serious a
subject should excite the mirth of gentlemen—
[renewed laughter]—of gentlemen who profess
their nationality, and their attachment to this
Union, when they see staring them in the face a
question, the agitation of which is leading us
further and further apart year after year, with-
out any probability or prospect of its ever being
settled, and when a suggestion is made to refer
to the proper tribunal for adjudication and decis-
ion the points of constitutional law which keep
the people divided and separated. £ had trusted
that, from the seriousness of the subject, and a
desire to avoid all this difficulty, through a long
session of Congress, this would at least have
been received with respectful consideration.
The remainder of my resolution embraces the
following proposition to be submitted:
1. Has the Federal Government, under the powers enu-
merated and delegated in and by the Constitution of the
United States, or otherwise, any power or authority what-
ever, either to provide for, or to prohibit, involuntary ser-
vitude, or in any manner to legislate upon the subject of
such involuntary servitude in the Territories of the United
States ?
2. Has the Federal Government, after having exercised
a delegated power in the erection of a Territory, and pro-
vided a government therefor, the power or authority to
repeal or abrogate the same ?
3. Has the Federal Government any power or authority
whatever to establish any line, such as that commonly
known as 4*'the Missouri compromise line," which shall
designate the limits of involuntary seivitude in and among
the States ?
These propositions, I believe, involve all the
questions which are now acting as obstructions
to the organization of this House. They embody
a spirit of compromise more feasible, by far,
than that of 1820—the submission of the ques-
tions to the supreme judicial tribunal of the
United States for adjudication and decision; the
coordinate departments of the Government agree-
ing to bind themselves to that decision as a final j
and conclusive settlement of the whole subject.
Such a settlement would be, to the people of this
country, a matter of rejoicing.
Mr. "HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him whother it is in
the contemplation of his resolution, that the mem-
bers of this House should wait for the Supreme
Court to decide ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOM. In reply to the gentleman's
question, 1 would say I stated beforehand that I
had not prepared the resolution in the shape of a
joint resolution of the House and of the Senate,
because the House had not yet organized. But
if we cannot elect a Speaker, these propositions
might be submitted to tile Supreme Courtfor their
determination, and, after they should be deter-
mined, wo should hear no more of the Nebraska
bill and the Missouri Compromise.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask the in-
dulgence of the House in a few remarks at this
time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broom] lias wholly mistaken, as I conceive, the
difficulty which stands in the way of the organi-
zation of this House. The difficulty is not pre-
sented in the difference of opinion in relation to
the extension of slavery into the Territories of
the United States. That question has been set-
tled. Whether slavery shall go into the Terri-
tories of the United States, or not, is a question
over which the House of Representatives has
now no control. That was settled during the
last session of Congress by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. The difficulty which lies in the way of the
organization of the House was disclosed the
other day in the remarks of my honorable friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] 1 should further
have interrupted him at that time, but from the
fact I feared I should be trespassing upon the
time of the House. . He.indicatefJ that a Speaker
could be elected if he would make pledges .in
relation to the formation of the committees of
this House, or in relation to hia opinions upon
the question of slavery. The difficulty, sir, which
exists here relates to the persons who shall form
the committees of this House, as was indicated
in the speech of that honorable gentleman. I will
do the gentleman the credit to say—and 1 am glad
to be able to do it—that he spurned all propositions
made to him, if any were made. I suppose they
were made, though I knew not from whom thoy
came, and I ajn glad to know that the gentleman
did not entertain them. While I differ from that
fentleman in opinion upon the subject of slavery,
admire those principles which induced him to
spurn all propositions made to him in relation to
the formation of the committees of this House.
Toshow, sir,that this is not the difficulty in the
way of the organization of the House, it is only
necessary to state that we have here more than
one hundred and thirty members who are opposed
to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and opposed to the
extension of slavery into the Territories of the
United States. And why do they not act together
and organize the House? Wc have thrown no
difficulty in their way—I mean the Democratic
party. We have voted upon principle, and we
liave expected them to do the same. So far from
this slavery question being an obstruction to the
organization of the House, there is a large ma-
jority who agree in opinion in. relation to the
extension of slavery into the Territories of the
United States, and who are opposed to it. How,
then, can that question stand in the way of or-
ganization? No, sir; the trouble is a different
one. Let it come out. The sooner the better.
There was a difficulty in organizing the House
in 1849, and it would never have been organized
if the whole matter which caused that difficulty
had not been ferreted out and exposed, so that
the country could see and know the true condi-
tion of things as they existed here. So it should
be now.
1 hope no such proposition as that submitted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom}
will be entertained by this House. We have
our opinions, and we accord to the Opposition
the same freedom of opinion which we entertain-,
and I would not utter a word which would be
calculated to irritate or stir up difficulty here. I
want to see an organization, and I hope it will
be soon effected. But if that party which is in
the majority, and which agrees upon the great
controlling question, cannot organize this House,
I ask who can do it, and how can it be dene I
We receive no pwroositions and we make none
on this side of the House. We vote upon prin-
ciple, and we mean to stand upon what we con-
sider national principles, and necessary to the
perpetuity of this Union. I am not one of those
who go to extremes upon the slavery question,
and I freely accord to northern members their
opinions upon the same subject; and all I ask of
them is, that they come together and organize the
House, and allow us to go to work and do the
business of the country. I will not lend my aid
to it, because I never can vote for the man who
entertains the principles of that party.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
ought to come out and disclose the party who
made those propositions, if any have been made,
in regard to this contest. Such a disclosure will
organize the House, and that, too, very quickly.
Mr. BROOM. I withdraw my resolution.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Ccllen and Haven were appointed.
The House was divided; and before the tellers
reported,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
[Cries of "No, no !" « It's too late !"]
Mr. ORR. Let the count go on by tellers.
Mr. JONES. I insist upon my call for the
yeas and navs.
The CLEtlK. I suggest that the count had
better be finished by tellers before the question
is put on the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. It may be too late then. I in-
sist on mv demand for the yeas and nays.
The tellers continued to count; and reported—
ayes 83, noes 94.
