n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
with vessels of war require much time to construct
them properly; that materials from the forest can-
not start up in our ship-yards by magic, like
In building the frigates directed by the last
Congress, much of the seasoned material which
had been providently collected in the yards, was
soldiers at the drum-tap. In the conquest of , used in preference to purchasing, thus hastening
Mexico, which illustrated so brilliantly the reli-
ability of volunteers, it should not be forgotten
that there was no naval force of the enemy to
annoy our commerce or attack our coast, or dis-
turb tjyde with even apprehension of danger.
A reference to the report of the Bureau of Con-
struction, &c., will exhibit the number of vessels
in condition for useful service. I deem it my
duty candidly to express the opinion that our
Navy is not only too diminutive to he expected
to contend fairly with that of other respectable
nations, is insufficient to give adequate protection
to our'commerce, but is unquestionably too fictile
to command the waters of our otcjt coast. Indeed,
when a comparison is fairly instituted of what
■would be the demands for service upon our Navy
Tiow, in the event of war, with the demand upon
it in the war of 1812, my opinion is that it will
be found that our country is not now better pre-
pared for a sudden emergency than it was then.
The aggregate tonnage of the United States in
1812, was 1,269,997 36-95 tons; for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1655, it was 5,212,000 10-95 tons.
In 1812 our whole coast to be protected extended
along the Alantic merely from Maine to Florida.
Since then, not only have Florida and Texas been
added, but a Pacific coast, bordering a new coun-
try teeming with population and wealth. Thus,
sir, it appears that the Navy will have millions
more of commerce to protect, and thousands of
miles more erf coast to defend. I could not, if I
would, disguise the truth that even a respectable
Navy must necessarily involve large expendi-
tures. But it is equally true that without naval
strength a six months'war with any nation with
a powerful marine would, in the seizure of rich
and valuable cargoes, in the destruction of fleets
of merchantmen, and in plundering defenseless
points along the coast, cost us more, far more,
than a squadron of invincible men of war.
- Recent occurrences in Europe demonstrate the
folly of relying upon a navy so feeble, so impo-
tent, for either assault or defense, that policy
required it to be carefully sunk to avoid enriching
the enemy. The United States cannot, by such i
a policy, maintain rank and command respect. '
The Governments of the Old World are vieing
their completion with "choice timber. In order to
replace as much as the fund would allow, the
Bureau of Construction, &c.,has made contracts
for the delivery of a new supply, to be applied
to the construction of first class sloops of war
whenever Congress shall so order. The Merri-
mack at Boston, the Wabash at Philadelphia,
and the Minnesota at Washington, have been
launched. The Niagara at New York, and the
Roanoke and Colorado at Portsmouth, Virginia,
will be launched in a few weeks. The officers,
partment considered itprudent to move cautiously
in the experiment, ana not hazard all by rashly
accumulating in the receiving ships large crowds
of youth unused to the restraint of wholesome
discipline. It is contemplated, as soon as prac-
ticable, to put the bark Release in proper condi-
tion for the reception and training of a,s many
boys as she can accommodate, as her size ana
feneral arrangements can be rendered peculiarly
t for this use.
Some suitable person on each ship to which
they are assigned has been selected to instruct
them in the simple but useful branches of educa-
tion when they are not more actively employed
oil the various duties which familiarize them with
constructors, and mechanics, have evinced praise- i«€he peculiar life of a sailor, and imbue their youth-
worthy zeal in striving to advance the completion
of the six steamers, and have thus fhr wojji the
admiration of all who have examined these model
specimens of naval architecture. The machinery
is equally in a state of readiness, and the country
may soon expect a formidable addition to the
Navy with the most approved batteries.
SEAMEN.
Recent legislation and the adoption of a naval
apprentice system are exercising a salutary in-
fluence in regard to the enlistment of experienced
seamen and the proper training of American J
youth, apprenticed to the Government until they
attain the asje of maturity. '
Encouraging evidence has reached the Depart-
ment, from both officers and crew, of the nigh ;
appreciation of the "honorable discharges" au-
thorized by an act of the last Congress. The ,
toil-worn tar. prizes it not merely as a title to
extra pay for early reenlistment, but cherishes
the parchment as a signal testimonial from his
country of fidelity and character, worthy to be
preserved in the modest archives of his family
and home, and the surest passport to certain
employment and the highest wages. Although
at the present date the demand for seamen is so ,
great in the merchant service that enlistments are
not as numerous as desired, yet it is a remarkable
fact, for the six months preceding the passage of
this act there were but eight hundred and ninety- j
six men enlisted, and for the six months immedi- ;;
ately after its passage there were two thousand J
eight hundred and sixteen men enlisted, making a |
difference in favor of the service of one thousand i
nine hundred and twenty men. I have no doubt, '
•.?, 1 ,, ... ,   . & «.*!«* vYTcxity J1JCJI. X JJttVt; JJU lit
1 ° r m magnifying and perfecting this jj however, that other favorable circumstances may
arm of defense. Our institutions, if they do not < \ have combined, yet the fact is worthy of note,
excite their positive jealousy, are not the objects j; By this large accession to the list of seamen,
of a iar0e share of their esteem; and weakness j; the Department has been able, within a few
ful minds with proper conceptions of obedience
and discipline. They constitute about one
twelfth of the crew of each sea-going vessel.
Commodore Paulding, of the Home Squadron,
in relation to the practical operation of the ap-
prentice system, writes thus:
" tn reply to your verbal inquiries in respect tb (lie appren-
tice and other boys serving on board the flag-ship Potomac,
it affords me more than ordinary satisfaction to bear testi-
mony to their excellent conduct. They seem to have been
well selected for their physical and mental qualities, andj
in all respects to possess the attributes necessary for raising
the standard of our national marine in a manner corre-
sponding with the character of our people—an object of
the highest importance to our future greatness. 1 tru-t it
may be but a beginning of a new order of things in the
Navy, and that the system will be extended until our ships
of war are manned with a class of seamen that shall bo
conspicuous for their energy and cheerful subordination, as
well as for their devotion to the flag which, in their domestic
as well as naval training, they will have learned to love.
The boys had all had some education, and a man has been
selected from amongst the crew who teaches them daily,
and who is supervised by Mr. Chase, th,e chaplain of the
Potomac, to whose commendable zeal I am most happy to
make my acknowledgments."
Lieutenant Commanding Porter, of the Supply,
in the Mediterranean, thus addresses the Depart-
ment:
" The apprentice boys you allowed me are doing well ;
they work all the sails on the mizenmast, and compete
favorably with the other stations throughout the ship. In
one year they will make good ordinary seamen."
Lieutenant Porter further writes, in relation to
the effect of the " act to promote a more efficient
discipline of the Navy:"
" As you will most likely wish to be informed relative to
the working of the discipline bill passed by the last Con-
gress, I beg leave to lay before you the result of my limited
experience.
" I am of opinion that nothing more is wanted to place
our Navy in the most perfect state of discipline as regards
the men. What with the prospect of punishment before
them if they violate the regulations, and the hope of reward
l r ail hnnmuikfri «I £ ~ f-. •!. _ I   j<„ it
simply our foreign, hat our Atlantic, Pacific, and ,
State relations. I regard the steady increase of !
naval strength as not a war,ljut a peace measure  
a-measure of defense involving grave questions
of commercial security and national independence.
Negotiation and diplomacy will be exhausted before
war is made upon a nation of brave men, powerful,
and ready for the conflict. And now, sir, if ever, is
the auspicious time, with an abundant Treasury,
to make an investment than which none can be
found more national and ijafe.
I am not unmindful of our large merchant
marine, which, when manntftby our hardy tars
 expedition i ""cc "?ve i ween oongea to resort to a summary
to the Arctic. And this has been accomplished > col""t-martial. The crew are allowed to go on shore in
EuiaaPeerixdW'henthe lar?f4 naval P™ers in' !' "«u™£
Europe are exercising unusual energy to procure provement in the moral character of seamen."
sailors, and when our merchant marine present,
with much zeal, the controlling attractions of
higher wages and shorter cruises.
The hope is indulged with much confidence by
many experienced observers and officers, not-
withstanding painful apprehensions and gloomy , al, llluc w„en so manv. Wll, . .
ttSSKa&xsMteisrfrttttrs
I again renew the recommendation, heretofore
often repeated, of allowing the Department to
employ as many aa ten thousand seamen, instead
of seven thousand five hundred, the number now
allowed, and inconveniently small, particularly
at this time, when so many will be needed to
abolition of punishment by flogging, that by this
acti together with the recent discipline
bill of rewards and punishments, the character of
merce with terrible retaliation. ha've
ships of war to meet, in combat upon the ocean.
♦.HP hpflVtr Oniric* a >-.r? „.i  j* - . '
the heavy guns and trained veterans of a power-
ful foe. There is much in the proud conscious-
ne®s national strength that stimulates trade,
emboldens enterprise, and nerves the arm of com-
merce. And while I by nd means suggest the
policy or the necessity of so large a naval force
as some powerful nations foster, yet it is de-
sirable, and attainable, too, that the American
citizen, whether in the opulent emporiums along i
the coast, or in the rural retreats of the interior
or borne in his adventurous spirit to traffic in the
thronged ports of the strong, or the obscurer ports
fij barbarous- and the weak, should gather
confidence and courage and energy from the re-
flection that he belongs to a Government recog-
nized by allafl able promptly to avenge his wrongs
and to vindicate his rights.
increased willingness of the laboring young men
of our own country to serve under the flag.
It is with much satisfaction I inform you of
the thus far successful operation of the naval ap-
prentice system, which I have ventured to adopt
tnQ JLi* /"I   ^
tracts, must be tested at an early day.
ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
You are aware of the humane legislation of
Congress directing the Secretary of the Navy " to
provide and dispatch a suitable naval or other
steamer, and, if necessary, a tender, to the Arc-
tic seas, for the purpose of rescuing or ailordihe
relief to Passed Assistant Surgeon E. K. Kane,
Sinee the adjournment of Congress. The obiect 11 of the >Tni t7n A-ane,
mg of a number of the youth of our country,
who exhibit evidences of a fitness and inclination
lor seafaring life, and thus gradually incorporate
into the Service a body of men calculated to ele-
vate the standard of character, give it new visor,
secure still greater reliability, and inspire still
greater confidence.
Five hundred boys (between the ages of four-
el?!'tefi.n) very promptly became ap-
prenticed with the coftsent of their parents or
guar lans. The number of pressing applications
tZ TtrelVhal m re tha  twiee tins
number tould have been received, had not the De-
steamer and tender shall be manned by volun-
teers from the Navy, and others who may de-
clare their willingness to be engaged."
Upon consultation with experienced officers and
navigators, it soon became apparent that there
were no national vessels whatever, either suitable
or susceptible of such modifications as to be ren-
dered suitable, for the peculiar dangers and hazard-
ous collisions necessarily encountered amid tha
icebergs, snow-drifts, and angry storms of the
Arctic seas. The perilous adventures of others
admonished us that, unless the expedition sailed
very early in the month Of June, a disastrous
