1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
Mr. JONES withdrew his call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WALKER renewed it.
The Clerk put the question whether the yeas
and nays should be ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the motion to adjourn has been decided in the
negative.
The CLERK. Yes, by tellers
Mr. SMITH, By tellers, of course; and now
those who voted in the negative want the yeas
and nays.
Mr. EOCOCK. The call for the yeas and
nays was made before the tellers had counted.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
[Loud cries of "Call the roll!"]
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to call the roll
on the sixty-fourth vote, with the followingresult:
Whole number of votes cast, 223; necessary to
a choice, 112; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received.. ltX>
William A. Richardson    73
Henry M. Fuller .  S3
Benjamin F. Leiter  &
James L. Orr  1
John Williams  1
John Scott Harrison  1
Warren Wmslow   i
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks — Messrs. Albngbt, Alhi^on, Barbour,
Kemy Bennett, Benson, Billin^hurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biadfchaw, lirenton, Bufiington, Buihngame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Exva Cl.uk, j
Clawson, Colfax, Comius, Covode, Crajjin, Cumbaek, ;
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dc Witt, Dick, j
Dickson, Dodd, Durfcc, Edwards, Eiuue, Flaylei, Gullo- |
way, Giddnig-i, Gilbert, Gianjjer, Grow, llobeit B Hall, j
lIailan,Hollo\vay,ThomasR. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton^ ;
Howard, Hughston, Keisey, Kmg, Knapp, Knight, Knovvl
Mr. JONES. Count the other side.
The other side was counted; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask for tellers on the call for
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wheeler
and Colfax were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported that the yeas and nays were not ordered,
one fifth of a quorum not having voted in the
affirmative.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (at half-past three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until tomorrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 18, 1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Ithiel
j S. Richardson, asking an appropriation to enable
i him to make a practical experiment of his patent
| atmospheric*telegraph, in transmitting mtelii-
j gence, mail matter, &c., under the direction of
> the Postmaster General; which was referred to the
1 Committee on the Post O/Iice and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of Jonas P. Levy, praying a revision by Con-
gress of the action of the Fust Comptroller of
the Treasury upon the act for his relief, approved
August 3d, 1854; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Eliz-
  abeth V. Lomax, only surviving child of Captain
ton, Knox, Kunkol, Leiter, Mace. Matte?on, McOartv, |j William Lindsay, of Lee's Legion of the lievo-
Meatdiaim Kilhan MiUer, Moigan.jVIotrill,JVlott, Mutray, j ]ution. asking fur five years' full pay of a captain
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pearce, i'elton
Pennington, Peny, Peitit, Pike, Pi ingle, Pui viancc, Ritchie,
Robbins, Robeit^, itol>i*,on, Sabin, Sage, ^app; Sherman,
Simmon?, Spuiner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonnt?-
ton, Thuiston, Todd, Tiaiton, Tyson, Wade, Wakemah,
Walbndjre, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Isiaet Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodiuffj and Woodworth.
For Mr. Fdchairfsi>7i—M<.'ssrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdalo, Bell, Henry S. Bennett Bocock, Bowie, Boye'e,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caiuthers, Cas-
kie, Chnginan, Howell Cobb. Williamson K. VV. Cobb,
Oraige, Ciawford, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence. ThomasJ. D. Fuiler, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
Jj. Harris, Heibeit, Hickman, Houston, Jcwcit, George
W. Jones, J. Glnnc-y Jones, Kcitt. Kelly, Kxdwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulliu, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Peck,
Powell, CAuitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandulgo, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Talboit, Ta>lor, Vail, Warner, Watknis, Wells, Wuia-
low, and John V. Wnght.
For Mr. Fuller—Mo«wrs. Broom, John P- Campbell, Car-
lile, Bayard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Edie,
Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Foster, J. JMomson Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Horfhuin, Konnett, Lake, Lindlcy. Humplney
Marshall, Milhvaid. Panic, Porter, Pur} ear, Keade, Read}*,
Rioaud, Rivers, Scott, William R. Smith, Snced, Swope,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, aud Zolli-
coftbr.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Harrison— Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. IVinslow— Mr. Richardson.
Mr. THORINGTON. I now renew the reso-
lution which 1 offered this day week. In doing
so, I presume there will be no vote taken on it at
this time. The object of my offering it no^ is,
that there shall be no advantage taken of the par-
ties here—if the members occupying seats on this
iloor can be called such. I therefore offer the res-
olution, and hope that an adjournment will take
place, and that meanwhile members will consider
the propriety of adopting this plurality resolution
as it is called. I ask for its reading.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election ol a Speaker viva vocc, and if, ai'ter the roll !
shall have been called three times, no member shall have i
leceived a majority of the whole number of votes, the roll
bhtill again be called, and the member who fhall then receive
the laigest number of votes, provided it be a majority ol' a
quorum, shall be declared to be chose.it Speaker.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do ]
now adjourn. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion
1 call for the yeas and nays. !
of dragoons, with interest; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mrs.
Susan T. Lea, widow and administratrix of James
Maglermen, praying compensation for property
lost in the service of the United States during
the war of 1812; which, with papers heretofore
filed in the ease, was referred to the Committee
an Military Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Margaret Bar-
rutz, heir of Colonel David (river, piajmg commutation
pay, and the papers in the case of the admmistiator of the
suiviving partner of Peter and Curti; Giubb, be withdrawn
horn the flies of the Senate for presentation to the Court
of Claims.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it waa
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Daniel Doland,
a private m Captain Steele's company of New York volun-
teer*, pra} injj a pension l'oi injuuer-, icccivcd in the hn«  of
his duty,, be withdrawn fiom the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PRATT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the improvement
of the navigation of th<> Patapsco river, and to
render the port of Baltimore accessible to the war
steamers of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to complete the Delaware breakwater: and
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Port Penn,andthe harbor of New Castle.
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That there be paid out 01' the contingent fund
of the Senate to the Hon. Jrs>>c 1>. Brioht the difference
between the amount now received In him and the compen-
sation of Vice Piesidont fioiu the date of his election as
President of the Senate yro tc.n. to the close of his service
as such, according to the practice which has heretofore
prevaded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) If there be no objection, the res-
olution will bo considered now. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to Bay, sir, in
reference to this resolution, that it is usual. The
last four officers that have been elected President
of the Senate, preceding "Air, Bright, have been
The yeas and nays were declared by the Clerk ; paidm this manner. It is the same compensation
not ordered, only twenty members rising ill their 'j which has always been paid to others.
Beats. i. The resolution was adopted.
FBIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the Senate
to take up for consideration the resolution which
I offered some days since, in regard to private
claims which were pending before the Senate at
the last session of Congress. That resolution
proposed .to refer them to the Court of Claims.
An amendment was offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamllv,] to which I have
no objection. I hope the subject will be taken
up, notwithstanding the fact that the other House
is not yet organized, because, from the indication
made by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] when the matter was under consideration
before, it will require gome time to dispose of the
subject. It was proposed by the Senator from
Michigan to refer the question to the Committee
, on Claims, to report what shape the proposition
i should properly assume. That will lequire some
! little time. I propose now that the subject bo
taken tip, and that the original resolution and
amendment be referred to the Committee on
Claims, that they may report some proposition
which will be acceptable to the Senate.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution and amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not object to tho
reference; but I fear that the resolution, in its
original shape, may embrace within its scope a
claim which has been favorably reported on ill
the Senate, and which, according to the prevailing
opinion, does not properly fall within the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims. The adoption
of the resolution, as originally offered, would pre-
\cnt the claimants bringing it before Congress.
1 desire to guard against that, but 1 can bring the
matter to the notice of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I offered the ori-
ginal resolution at the commencement ot the ses-
sion without n«ich reflection. *1 thought the
Senate would escape a great deal of trouble in tho
investigation of such subjects, by referring at once
to the Court of Claims as large a class as wo
thought proper. Other gentlemen thought my
resolution too large in its scope, and they pro-
posed to limit it. I have agreed, however, to
refer the matter to the committee, m the hope that
they will report something which will relieve us
fiom the necessity of examining claims which
can be much better examined by the Court of
Claims, where both sides can be heard. I believo
that the public has often been wronged by the
ex parte, and sometimes careless, examination of
private claims—necessarily so—by the Senate
and House of Representatives. I fiope that the
Committee on Claims will agree to make as largo
as possible the class of cases which should prop-
erly be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr, FITZPATRICK. I entirely concur with
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, in tho
disposition which he proposes to make of private
claims. I think it is very desirable to dispose
of them by one act of tfie Senate. My only
object in making the suggestion was this: the
original resolution declared that all claims report-
ed on by committees at the last session be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims. My constituents
have had a claim pending before Congress for
damages fur spoliations committed on them in
183b'. Reports have been made in favor of th«
claim. I underpfcand, however, from gentlemen
who are very competent judges of such a ques-
tion, that it is exceedingly doubtful whether that
claim does fall within the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims. By the adoption of the original
resolution, therefore, that claim would be placed
in a very awkward predicament. By the reso-
lution it would be referred to the Court, which
could not decide it. This would greatly tend to
delay action by the Senate. I only designed to
guard against that contingency.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator's
remarks are very proper.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. ^ I design my remarks
for the Committer on Claims,
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur most cordially in
the object sought by the resolution submitted by
the Senator from lennessee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
