ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I6B5
thingelse. The game will be blocked upon them,
if we, in the mean time, confirm the nominations.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it is with
great diffidence in my judgment that I differ upon
any constitutional or legal question with my
frieud from South Carolina; but upon this occa-
sion I have the misfortune to do so. I believe
that Congress has the power to repeal the act of
1855, and that repeal will leave the officers in
precisely the situation in which they were before
any attempt was made at its execution. In the
first place, it has not been executed constitution-
ally, or even consistently with its own provisions.
In the next place, the President, I admit, has the
prerogative (if you please to term it so) to dis-
miss any officer in the Army or Navy,by a mere
actof his will; and if the President had dismissed
any officer of the Navy by a mere act of will, by
virtue of his constitutional power granted to
him, we could not interfere; but in this case he
has not done so, and he cannot assume now that
he has done it in accordance with his prerogative.
In his approval of the proceedings of the boaid
he said his act was in pursuance of the law. If
the law is unconstitutional, or if the proceedings
under it have been improperly conducted, or if an
attempt has "been made to execute it not in con-
formity with the spirit of the law, all this can be
made void by a repeal. He says that his act
was in conformity with the law, and not by vir-
tue of his prerogative, or the power vested in
him by the Constitution. It seems to me, there-
fore, that a repeal of the law will nullify all that
has been done for it. I will not vote for this
amendment; and I never will vote for any meas-
ure that will not repeal this law and restore these
officers.
We have more officers now than we can fur-
nish employment for. But if you go on and
confirm the officers now before the Senate, for
higher places, this evil will be greatly increased.
I heard the honorable Senator from Tennessee
say that a great and grievous wrong had been
done, and that tyranny and oppression had Been
exercised. I may not use his language, but in
substance this was the idea. He said ho wanted
justice done to the officers who had been wronged.
Sir, they have all been wronged—every one of
them. The country has bee^ wronged by retain-
ing officers as unqualified for^ervice as those who
have been dismissed; unqueuified from personal
defects as well as from bad habits. There arc
now in the Navy twice as many men of bad
habits as among those who have been dismissed.
How is this wrong to be remedied? Let an
eclahcissement take placc with all of them; restore
them to their primitive condition; and then com-
mence a searching investigation, if you please, to
decide what is right for the interests of the
country.
I caught a whisper, as I thought, from the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, as to the arrange-
ments for a reduction of the Army. There is no
analogy between that case and the proceedings of
the late naval board. Then three superior officers
of the Army were selected to say who should be
retained. They were placed above all motives
of selfishness, above all the promptings of the
ynean passions of envy and malice. They were
placed entirely above anything of that kind when
the important trust was lodged m them of de-
claring who should be in the Army of the United
States and who should be dropped fioui it. Let
the three senior officers, if you please, of the
Navy at the time when this pretended arrange-
ment took place, be selected. Let Commodore
Stewart be the president of fhp board. I>t him
and other officers who have 110 motives but the
well-being of their country and the honor of the
Navy, be selected for the purpose of retaining
such officers as ought to be retained and dismiss-
ing such as are unworthy to be retained. Then
you will have a Navy that will be respectable.
Sir, the world is now in commotion; we know
not what a day may bring forth; and never did
the country, at any period of its existence, de-
mand more imperatively than at this moment a
respectable marine to defend its interests. Never
has the day been when America stood on a more
important pinnacle than at tins moment. Our
naval arm must be maintained upon the ocean
according to the resources of the country, or we
shall sink degraded among the nations. You will
not do this with the present officers. You must
reclaim to the service those gallant men who have
been stricken off; you must preserve and improve
the esprit du corps of the Navy; you must inspire
national confidence in this arm of the service;
you must not take your officers from those who
linger and loiter about bureaus for distinction,
and become favorites of the court. Such "carpet-
knights" will* not sustain you against the marine
of England, or any other nation. You must take
men of muscle and nerve—men who feel some
esprit du corps. You must not take those who
destroy the chivalry and the honor of the Navy.
You must take men who will sustain the flag of
the country; and without such men, dishonor
will be attendant upon every effort to give your
Navy eclat. If you want your Navy corrected—
if you want amendment in its condition—if you
wish it improved—place H in the hands of men
who have no motives of self connccted with its
reform, and who will look back upon the honors
which they won and earned—gallantly won and
honorably earned—in the defense of their coun-
try; and they will feel that they are bound by
their acts to do whatever wall add to its future
glory. These are the men to whom you ought
to confide the well-being of the Navy, that im-
portant institution of the nation. If you trust it
to a few individuals who are selfish, and who are
to be promoted by their action, or if you indorse
the acts of such men, you bring disgrace upon
the nation and disorder upon the Navy; and hon-
orable men will be loth ever to trust their sons or
their persons in it.
If we repeal this law we shall annul what has
been done under it. The President has declared
that, by virtue of this law, these officers were
dropped, and not by virtue of his prerogative; and
he cannot gainsay what he has certified. I hope
he will not do so, at least. At any rate, I trust
there is a conservative principle, if not in this
body, in the other House, that will arrest this
crying wrong, and that redress will come eventu-
ally, if not immediately, to the country.
iVtr. MALLORY. The amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, I have no
doubt is offered with a just expectation that the
hill of the committee will be rendered more per-
fect by it, and be more certain to insure justice to
those who may claim the benefit of its provisions.
In that spirit the committee accept the amend-
ment, and I hope it will be agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it in order to move amend-
ments to the original bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. 1YERSON. I have two or three amend-
ments to offer which are not very material, but
will render the bill more acceptable to me. The
first one I submitted to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and it met his approba-
tion yesterday. It is in these words:
be it further enacted, That all officers who maybe
jeMojod to active serviec under the provisions of tins act,
ahull he entitled to draw the same pay they were drawing
at the time they were retired or dropped, for and during the
time of such retirement or suspension iiom the active &er-
vice aforesaid.
Mr. BUTLER. I think they would have that
anyhow.
'Mr. IVERSON. I doubt it; but wo had better
put it in.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it extend to those acted
on by the court of inquiry, or all who demand a
trial r
Mr. IVERSON. *A.ll those restored.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to strike out the fifth
section of the bill ill these words:
That f aptains in command of squadrons shall be denom-
inated flag otifcerri.
I can see no good reason for the adoption of
that principle. The relative position. I believe,
of the ranks of officers in our .Xavv compared
with those in foreign services at present is well
understood and generally agreed upon through-
out the world. This provision would introduce
probably some confusion and some difficulty, and
would disarrange the present understanding and
agreement that exists between our Navy and the
navies of foreign nations. I consider it%qthing
more than an entering wedge to the creation of
admirals, to which I am opposed, I move to
strike out this section, so that we shall retain the
present rank and the present title, that good old
pi mis
it- He
elatirat,
naviipl^
one of commodore, which has been illustrated by
so many distinguished men and so ma icy dis-
tinguished annals, in the history of the naval
service.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Georgia
must reflect that the committee did not adopt this
measure without some sufficient reason for ft. TT
is mistaken when he asserts that the rel
rank of our Navy with the rank of other na-
is properly understood. Scarcely a year pa: 
that difficulties do not arise on foreign stations
from the fact, that we have no grade in our Navy
assimilating to the several grades in the French,
English, Dutch, and Russian navies. I may refer
to the fact, that last year in China a1 difficulty
grew out of this very matter.
We have no grade of commodore; the highest
grade is captain. The title of commodore is one
of courtesy; it is not recognized by any of the
nations of Europe, except as to a captain who
temporarily hoists his flag on board of more
than one ship. When he hoists it, he is commo-
dore; and when he hauls it down, he is captain
again. The title of commodore confers no grade
above that of captain. It is proposed to make our
captains Hag officers, when they command squad-
rons. We have a well-founded objection to the
title of admiral; but wo have none to that of
flag officer. That will obviate all difficulty on
foreign stations. Foreign officers claim, that the
commanders of our ships shall be represented by
their guns or their rank; and when they see a
frigate or a seventy-four commanded by acaptain,
and that captain wearing a broad pennant, and
occupying the highest rank in our Navy, they
cannot see the reason for it, and they refuse to
acknowledge him; they refuse to receive his visits;
they refuse to interchange salutes; and the very
moment one of our captains enters a port, under
these circumstances, his hand is against every
man, and every man's hand is against him.
Gentlemen may think this a trifling matter; but
it is much more important to the Navy than4he
Senator from Georgia thinks. We have reports
in the Navy Department showing that difficulties
grow out of this matter; and I trust this provision
will be allowed to remain in the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not profess to under-
stand the regulations of the services, and the
comity existing between our service and that of
foreign nations; but I am informed by some of
the most experienced and intelligent officers of
the Navy that the matter is now distinctly un-
derstood.
Mr. MALLORY. Only last year a difficulty
occurred with Captain Breese, in the China seas,
on this subject. Another difficulty occurred in
Pensacola bay. Admiral Ode!!, afloat, refused to
salute a captain on shore. These things are con-
stantly occuriing; and the adoption of the grade
of flag officer, which represents the flag or broad
pennant, will remove all difficulty.
Mr. IVERSON. I am informed that the uni-
versal understanding between other officers and
our own, now is, that they salute gun for gun;
there is no difficulty at all about it. The thing
is well understood, and this section will introduce
confusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not see the weli-founded
objection intimated by the chairman of the com-
mittee against the rank of admiral. If it costs
nothing, but gives our officers a better position
in a foreign port, and avoids misunderstanding
in salutes and meeting foreign navies, why not •
give them the rank of admiral, or commodore, as
well as that of captain ? We follow the British
system in regard to lieutenants and commanders,
and up to captains, and then we say we must not
imitate them any further. Why imitate them at all,
unless we are willing to go through, so as to make
the systems harmonious ? If it is to cost no more
to tiie country, if the omission to give them the
higher ranks produces the confusion and diffi-
culties which are complained of, why not meet
the question at once, and give our officer as high
a title as any other officer, and thus avoid all
difficulty ■'
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate has already
struck out the provision of the bill in relation to
the title.of admiral.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would rather put m the
title of admiral. But, however, 1 will not pro-
long the discussion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays
