THEeONGRlSiltNAIf (xLQBE.
December 18,
J
would state to the Senator from Maine that there
is no question now before the Senate. The ori-
ginal resolution, with the amendment, has been
referred to the Committee on Claims, and there
is, therefore, no question before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 18,1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. .
Thejournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Mr. THORINGTON. I now renew the reso-
lution which I offered just before the House ad-
journed yesterday. I submit the following:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker viva voce, and if, after the roll
shall have been called three times, no member shall have
received a majority of the whole number of votes, the roll
 hall again be called, and the member who shall then receive
the largest number of votes, provided it be a majority of a
quorum, shall be declared to be chosen Speaker.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay that reso-
lution upon the table; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WALKER. _ I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to withdraw his resolution to enable me to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. THORINGTON. I will withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. In taking my seat upon this
floor I had determined, as a general rule for my
action here, not to notice newspaper comments
upon mycourse. But at this particular juncture,
sir, in the condition of parties in this House, in
view of the great popular anxiety caused by that
condition, by the failure of this House thus far
to effect an organization — knowing the fact,
every member upon this floor, however humble,
however unknown he may be, becomes the ob-
ject of scrutiny, of examination; and I feel it
due to myself and to the pa.-ty with which I have
acted here, to vindicate my own conduct, and, as
far as I can, attempt, at least, a vindication of
that party.
I hold in my hand a paper published in the
southern extreme of this Union, a leading paper
in my own district—a paper devoted to the advo-
cacy of the Democratic party of this country.
That paper, of the 13th of the present month, in
commenting upon an article to be found in another
paper published in the same city, but which
paper supports the great principles of the Amer-
ican party in that country—I say, in commenting
upon that article, the paper I hold in my hand—
the Mobile Register—uses the following language:
" The Democratic party in Congress has taken its stand
upon its punciples—principles not of to-day or to-morrow,
but principles that will stand the test of time,'and remain
the sure foundation of a party that appeals to the patriotism
of the people to support it (tor their own and the country's
good. Tiiey have no bargains to offer. They do not choose
to buy southern Know Nothings to do their duty to their
constituents with the paltry pell of an office, or a contempt-
ible advantage in the distribution of the powers of the
House. They offer a creed and a candidate that on^/tt to
command southern Know Nothing votes; but the Adver-
tiser and its small party m Congress prefer trifling to duty,
piefer to waste their suffrages oil impossible candidates to
planting them where they wilt tell against the enemies of
the South; and they salve their consciences under tins
solemn mockery by upbi aiding a solid body of seventy-nine
0emocrata for not coming to their coi poral's guard of thirty,
and eleetiag Humphrey Marshall. Oh, but they are will-
ing to go to Richardson, but they have met with no en-
couiagement fiom the Democrats; they have been treated
with contempt. We fancy no Democrat would have tin-own
an obstacle in their way if they had walked up to vote for
Kichardson. 11 they have met with a rebuff, then, it is on
account of the tiade, they biought in their hands as a con-
sideration for their voting for Richaidson. They are ready
to do their duty, ready to make common cause with the
only party unit is available to combat Abolitionism, pro-
vided tiiey got a valuable consideration for it. Out upon
such transparent attempts to hoodwink the people of the
South m reference to the true state ot this case! The fact
stands patent to the, public eye, that the southern Know
Nothings are engaged m solemn trifling, while they have
had it m their power to have defeated the areh-conspyators,
Seward, Weed, and Greeley, who are plotting against the
safety of the South and the peace of the Union."
In the issue of the same paper of the day pre-
ceding this, in another article commenting upon
the state of affairs in this House, the editors re-
fer to me by name, and charge me with having
trifled in the discharge of my duty: they say,
that upon a certain day. I am recorded as having
voted for a Mr. Davis for Speaker, and that in
turn Mr. Davis voted for me.
. Now, sir, as I remarked before,under ordinary
circumstances, I should have taken no heed to
such comments; but I think the time has come
when every man's position upon this floor should
not, oiily be known to his fellow-members, but
made known to the country. He should make
known where he stands, and where he intends to
stand. Why, sir, this small body of thirty men
have not only .been the target for the press of the
country, but they have been used in this House
in the game of shuttle-cocj^ and battle-door, by
the Republicans on the .one side, and by the
Democracy on the other. What has the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] said ? That the
Democratic party was the only one in this House
acting upon principle. Why, sir, it is the prin-
ciple of party arrogance, of party exclusiveness.
They met in their preliminary caucus, and adopted
a resolution which many of the calmer membei-s
of the party cannot but admit to be an insult to
members upon this floor who agreed with them
on the general principles of Government, and
only differed with them in reference to a mere
matter of legislative expediency.
Well, what is the condition of this small body
of thirty men ? and where do they stand ? Have
they acted thus far in a spirit of captiousness, of
caprice? What objects had they to gain? What
had been the result of persistency in their efforts
upon this floor? Why, sir, is there a man here
who has not before this realized the fact that, if
these southern Know Nothings, on the opening
of the session, had rallied to the support of the
Democratic candidate, (and here permit me to say
that I am glad to have met that gentleman in this
Hall—I say it though not belonging to the party
of which he is the standard-bearer—the compli-
ment extended to him is justly his due;) the
fact, I say, must now be realized by all parties,
that, if the southern Know Nothings had, at the
opening of the contest, thrown themselves into
the ranks of that gentleman's supporters, there
could have been no result other than to have free-
soiled the organization of the House. A union
of the southern Know Nothings with the Dem
ocratic party could not have insured the election
of Mr. Richardson, for the simple reason, that
the two forces united would not constitute a ma-
jority of this House, and such an effort would
in all probability have placed the control of the
House in the hands of the Free-Soilers. Then,
so far as the southern Know Nothings of this
House are concerned, the effect of our action has
been to stave off and prevent such an organiza
tion as the one mentioned.
But, sir, that party claims to be a national one.
It was said on yesterday, that its claim to na-
tionality is predicated on—what? On a certain
number of southern gentlemen calling themselves
Democrats, who have united with fifteen gentlemen
from northern States, only one or two, I believe,
coming from a State further north than Pennsyl-
vania. This union of a portion of southern mem-
bers upon this floor with a small fragment of the
northern representation, constitutes, in their ap-
prehension, a full and complete title and ground
to the claim of nationality. Contrast their posi-
tion, so far as the claim to nationalityis concerned,
with that of the National America or Know
Nothing party of this House. Some twenty-six
or twenty-seven southern gentlemen with fifteen
northern gentlemen, coming from some of the
largest States in the Union, uniting for a common
purpose, standing upon a basis known to this
country, and pledged by their acts here to do—
what? Why, to abide by existing laws on the
subject of slavery; to resist with all their efforts
a renewal of the agitation of the subject in and
out of this Hall; and to vote for the admission
of a State into the Union, whether its constitution
does or does not recognize slavery as one of its
social institutions. This is the position of this
much-abused and vilified American party of this
House; and when I use the term "American
party," understand me as onJy making applica-
tion to those thirty or forty with whom I have
thus far acted.
But, say my Democratic friends, theirs is the
only national party. National! Why, sir, its
claims to nationality rest upon a sandy founda-
tion.
Now, I would -ask them, and, in no taunting
spirit,-whether they have the power to unite in
harmonious action its memb.ers.from different sec-
tions? I ask them to point me to any great princi-
ple emblazoned upon their present banner, potent
enough to. break down geographical and sectional
questions ?
It has no just claim to nationality. It main-
tains, it is true, here and there, its name and or-
ganization, but it has long since lost that integrity
of aim and purpose, that attachment to principle,
which heretofore won the popular regard and
favor.
It lives but under the shadow of its past renown.
It can only purchase a nationality by unmanly
and disgraceful compromises. But even at such
a cosfrits claim to nationality is an empty boast.
North of Mason and Dixon's line it has shared
the fate of its old adversary, and been absorbed
in the swelling tide of Free-Soilism.
At the South, it is divided between the sup-
porters and the opponents of the Administration;
and it is a fact known to the country, that its
successes in the late elections, achieved as they
were by tfy; cooperation of Whigs—who, with-
out any coincidence of opinion, save opposition
to the Americanjiarty, united with them for the
time—have been rather the result of local and
State issues, and a misconception of the aims
and purposes of the new party, than any gen-
eral popular recognition of any great, living
principle of the Democratic party. I ask if this
is not a portraiture of the Democratic party ?
Yet this is their claim to nationality; and because
southern men, having an identity of feeling with
them, withhold their cooperation, they ar"e ac-
cused as leaguing against that party with Free-
Soilers. As long as that insulting resolution
stares them in the face, and is not retracted, it
places them in a humiliating position. I ask the
members of that party, in all candor and kind-
ness, whether they are just in putting us in that
position ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a single remark ?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. As I had the honor of submit-
ting the resolution to which he refers, I wish to
state exactly what was meant by it. I will
merely state that the nationality of Pennsylvania,
instead of being represented upon this floor this
day by six national votes, would poll seventeen
for Mr. Richardson, if it Were not for Know
Notliingism, which is understood, in my coun-
try, to be synonymous with Free-Soilism. The
nationality of the Democratic party in this
House, in my opinion, consists in this fact: that
the whole body of the Democratic members from
the JYorlh, and the whole bodij of the Democratic
members from the South, act together here as a
unit. No other party here presents that aspect.
Now the gentleman from Alabama certainiy does
not impute to me, or those gentlemen who voted
for my resolution, an intention to insult any in-
dividual, or any class of individuals. I am sure
such was not the case. My friend will search
those resolutions in vain to find a word about
the American party. We speak of the Know
Nothing party, which, in my country—and I
presume it is the same elsewhere—means Free-
Soilism concealed, in contradistinction to Free-
Soilism openly and publicly professed.
I" merely wish my friend to understand, as an
allusion was made to the same thing yesterday,
that, as I understand the Democracy, they only
wished to place themselves on a national platform
before the whole country, so that neither*gentle-
men from the North nor gentlemen from the
South should misunderstand theirposition. They
mean to stand upon that platform without com-
promise or concession; they do it from devotion
to what they believe to be a great principle, and
as a duty which they owe to their country; but
they never did design to cast any imputation
upon any class or classes of men.
I hope, therefore, my friend from Alabama
will understand that; in speaking of the Know
Nothing party, as a Pennsylvania Democrat I
mean to say that, but for that party by that
name called and known—and the records of the
country sustain me in that position—I believe
that Pennsylvania this day would cast a vote
that no man would question the nationality of.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman from
