1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
majority of whom, whenever practicable, shall be composed
of officers on the reserved li&t who do not appeal from the
action of the iate board; and in no case shaK any officer
eit on said court who may be in anywise benefited or
Injured by the action thereof; and said court shall be gov-
erned by the laws now of force for the government of nawl
courts of inquiry.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all cases
brought before said court of inquiry in pursuance of this
act, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to
cause the officer whose capacity is to be inquired into to be
furnished with a statement in writing specif>ing whether
the incapacity to be inquired of be mental, physical, or
professional, and the inquiry of the court shall be confined
to the specifications thus submitted.
Sec. 6. %&ndbeibfurtherenacted, That whenever an offi-
cer who has been disrated or dropped under color of the act
of the 28th February, 1855, shall demand a rehearing before
the court of inquiry herein provided for, then all recom-
mendations or " findings" of said naval board, and all pro-
ceedings of every description taken in pursuance thereof,
shall be deemed, held, and taken to be utterly void, and of
no effect as to said oflicer.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That the President
shall have power at all tunes to call together a court oi
inquiry for the purpose of inquiring into the capacity to per-
form their duties, of any oflicer of the Navy whom he may
deem incapable as herein described, and in all such cases
eaid court and the President shall have all the powers con-
ferred by this act, and of the act of which it is amendatory
not hereby repealed; and he shall also have power at any
time to alter and change the members of said court, for the
purpose of making it conform to the qualifications herein
prescribed, and to fill any vacancies which may at any time
happen m said court.
Sec. 8. Jh\d be it further enacted, That so much of the
act of the 28th of February, 1855, as conflicts with this act,
and so much and such parts of said act of *28th February,
1855, as may be construed todisrate,or drop,orin any man-
Eer to impair the rights of any officer who may demand a
rehearing before the court of inquiry herein authorized by
law, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ]8, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Butler, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, Evans, Foot, Hale, Houston, Iverson,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, and Weller—18. 9
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Biglcr, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Clayton,
Dodge, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Geyer, James,
Mallory, Pratt, lieid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Trumbull,
and Yulee—25.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will offer one more
amendment, which I hope will be accepted, and
to which I desiue the attention of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It
is the following:
Jlnd hp it farther enacted. That the said naval court of
inquiiy shall consist of not less than seven members, a
majoi ity of whom, whenever piacticable, shall be composed
of officers on the reserved list; and in no ease shall any
oflicer sit upon said court who may be in anywise ben-
efited or injured by the action thereof, if objected toby the
party whose ca?e is to be investigated.
I hope there will be no objection to this amend-
ment. I do not know, and l shall have to appeal
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, if he chances to know of how many
members a naval court of inquiry ordinarily con-
sists ?
Mr. MALLORY. Three.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. They decide nothing
at all. They merely inquire for the facts and
report.
Mr. BUTLER. They report facts as a com-
missioner in equity.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sere is a duty of more
importance, and I propose that the court of
inquiry provided by this bill shall consist of
geven.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that my friend from
Kentucky will see that no good will be reached
by this amendment. It will be impracticable in
many instances. There are some officers on the
reserved list who cannot be tried by a court of
seven men who will not be affected by the posi-
tion of that officer. I think we had better leave
this matter to the good faith of the Administra-
tion. I feci the utmost confidence myself, that as
far as they possibly can, they will select proper
judges of a court of inquiry. It is an open court.
The members are sworn. Testimony is admitted
on both sides, and the judge advocate presides.
The practice of courts of inquiry is regulated by j
law. In my judgment, in order to expedite the j
remedy which officers under this bill will seek, j
you must have many courts of inquiry sitting at j
different places at the same time. One court of I
inquiry is not going to accomplish this business, j
You may call one at New York where the offi- j
cers are convenient to the court, and one at r
Washington, and at different points. In that j
view you cannot possibly find members of the ,
Navy enough to form the courts if you require
seven on each court. I think no danger will re-
sult from leaving it to the Navy Department to
form these courts in the ordinary way.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the number
ought to be increased. At any rate I do not think
three are enough.
Mr. MALLORY. They merely report facts
to the Executive; they give no opinion on the
facts, and they take the facts in open court.
Mr. WELLiER. They are mere commis-
sioners to take evidence.
Mr. CLAYTON. They are not to form a
judgment, and I do not see why three may not
report the facts as well as thirty. I would prefer
the smaller number.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to She Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order now I should
like to move the amendment which I presented
some time since. J think it moi-e important,-
from the remark made by the Senator from Flor-
ida, that courts of inquiry find facts and not
opinions. I want the finding, the opinion of
these courts, presented to the President of the
United States, whether an officer ought to be re-
stored or not, and if restored, whether he should
be put on furlough^ pay or on leave-of-absence
fwantthc whole thing revised (and I presume
that is the^object of the Senate) in all its branches,
by a court of inquiry. I want the Executive to
have the benefit of a decisive opinion on the part
of the inquiring court. Without this, there is
no use in the inquiry, because the facts can be
had without it.
The PRESIDENT pn> tempore. The question
is first on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole, with the exception
of the one mentioned by the Senator from Dela-
ware. That will be reserved at his request.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] to which the Senator from Dela-
ware proposes an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let all be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Crittenden's amend-
ment, which is to strike out the last clause of the
first section, and insert:
And the finding and sentence of the court, with the rccord
of its proceedings and all the evidence, shall be laid before
the President; and mall the cases where the said finding is
in favor of the parties tried respectively, and is approved by
the President, the said parties «hall be restored to the active
list and service in the Navy, and to their proper rank and
grade respectively: Provided, That said officers so restored
shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Mr. Bayard's amendment to the amendment
is to insert, in lieu of it, this provision:
And the said court shall in their finding rpport whether
the said oflicer, if he has been dropped from the rolls of the
Navy, ought to be restored, and if restored, whether to the
active list or the reseived list, and if to the latter, whether
on leavc-ot absence pay or furlough pay. And m case
the officer making the written request a& aforesaid shall
have been placcd on the reserved hat, then the court m
their finding fhall report whether the said officer ought to
be restored to the active ii>t. or if not restored whether be
ou"ht to lemainoii the retired list, with leave-ot-absence or
furlough paw And the finding of the court shall in all
cashes.'be submitted to th* Piesident of the United States;
and if approved by him, in the case of a dropped officer
wheie restoration has been recommended, such officcrniay
be nominated by the President to the Semite for) estoration
to the service, accoiding to the finding of the couit as ap-
proved bv him. And in the case of a retired oflicer, the
findni" of the court, when approved by the President,shall
be conclusive, and such officer shall be restored to the
active service to occupv that position and rank in the Navy
which he would have'occupied had he not been retired
umlci tho action of the late naval board, or he shall remain
on tin1 retired h>t. on leave-of-absence or fui lough pay,
according to the finding of the court as approved by the
Pi esident.
Mr. MALLORY. It strikes me, from hearing
the amendment read, that it goes more minutely
and accurately into the condition of the officers
than the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. In that view of the case I hope it may
be adopted in lieu of the other amendment. It
seems to provide for one case, at any rate, that is
provided for in that.
Mr. BAYARD. That is the only object, to
have the benefit of a fair hearing before the'court.
Mr. PRATT. If I understand the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Delaware, it is
objectionable to me only in one point of view,
that in the case of the retired officers, and of other
than dropped officers, it does not require a re-
nomination to the Senate, but it assumes the
power of the President to reinstate them without
the assent of the Senate. Now, myself and some
others entertain the opinion, that all the officers
injuriously affected by the act of the last session
are out of the Navy, and that they cannot be
placed back in the Navy except by the joint ac-
tion of all the branches of the executive depart-
ment, the President and Senate. I shall vote
with great pleasure for the ametjllhent of my hon-
orable friend; and I think he will get the entire
vote of the Senate without affecting at all his ob-
ject, if it be modified so that we who entertain
the opinion which I express can vote for it. This
can be done by combining this proposition with
that of the Senator from Kentucky, by saying
that " the President 'in all cases shall nominate
such officer, and the Senate shall confirm him."
This will require the action of the Senate when
the court of inquiry shall find that an officer
ought to be reinstated, whether he has been
dropped from the Navy, or merely put on the
retired list.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not understand the ob-
jection of the honorable Senator from Maryland.
By law you have created a retired list*, you have
not removed the officers on that list from the
Navy. They are in the Navy, and still subject to
the orders of the Navy Department; and how can
you say they are out of the Navy, and how are
you to renominate them to the Senate? For what
are you to renominate them ? To put them in
the Navy ? No, for the very reason that I as-
sume it requires in each case the approval of the
President, and the action of the court of inquiry.
That is fair and right for executive discretion;
but certainly it requires no nomination to the
Senate to put the officer on the active list again,
when it is only bylaw that you have placed him
on a retired list. On what principle of law can
it be that a man who is in your service, holds
your commission, who receives pay under your
commission, and who is merely on what, by
law, is made a retired list, is to be renominated
to the Senate again in order to be put on the ac-
tive list? Why, sir, he can be called into active
service by the President. Many of the officers
on the retired list have been called into active ser-
vice by the President. Must they not be in the
Navy if they are performing services for the coun-
try, and are subject to the orders of the Navy
Department? I submit that this objection is not
a valid one. The whole amendment would have
to be altered entirely to suit the views of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, and it is contrary, in my
opinion, to the necessary effect of the former law.
Mr. PRATT. It certainly was not my object
to bring about a renewal of the debate which was
entered into so fully by the Senate somo months
ago. I do not propose to argue the question which
the Senate from Delaware has argued; it has
already been fully argued. Although he insists,
as confidently as he has expressed it, on the
opinion whicli he has just announced, the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] myself, and many others, have expressed
the opposite opinion here. Now, the altera-
tion of the amendment which I have suggested
would secure the votes of all those who concur
with me in opinion on this point, and would not
affect at all the object which the Senator from Del-
aware has in view. I cannot vpte for his present
proposition, consistently with my vicwsjbutl can
vote for it if he will make the verbal alteration
which I have suggested. That was my only
1 knew before, by his argument made months
since, that the Senator from Delaware entertained
the opinion which he has just expressed; but I
as confidently entertain the opposite opinion, that
all the officers acted upon under the law of the last
session cannot be restored to their original rank
except by the concurrence of all the executive
department, including the Senate. That is ray
£Q2)y2ctioi3* I in ft y bft wrong, hut tij.fi. t is the view
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, as
