1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3$
this House Americans, or they may select the
name of Know Nothings, or use any other name
they please, and I can tell the gentleman that he
■will find the Americans in Pennsylvania are not
, afraid of the name Abolition; but what I want
now to disclaim, what I aim at is, to show the
members of this House that the American party
in Pennsylvania is entirely a distinctive party
from the Free-Soil party: and it is easily done.
I will inform my colleague from Pennsylvania,
that there are Democratic members upon the
floor of this House who were elected to their
seats as Democratic Free-Soilers. I refer not
only to the Representative from Wilmot's district,
[Mr. Grow;] not only to the county of Chester,
and the adjoining counties; but, sir, out of the ,
five members from our State, calling themselves i
Democrats, two, if not three, were elccted upon '
their avowal of opposition to the Nebraska bill.
I say the Democratic party in Pennsylvania
were as much, if not more, reputed to be upon
the ground of Free-Soilism, than the American
party. At the recent election, the American
party nominated a candidate for Canal Commis-
sioner; the Democrats had their candidate; the
Republicans had nominated Passmorc William-
son, and they continued to vote for liim, and gave
him seven thousand votes in the canvass. Nichol-
son received the support of the American party;
and why did he receive that support? Because
it was deemed essentially necessary, in order to
carry the State election, to fuse these discordant
elements. And the American committee of the
State addressed interrogatories to Mr. Nicholson,
and they were each and every one answered in
the affirmative. He was placed upon the record
as an American. He was asked: "Arc you not
a member of the American party ? Do you recog- :
nize the principles of that party as primary and j
paramount? Are you opposed to the introduc- !
tion of every ism into that organization which !
might place you, as our standard bearer, in a j
doubtful position? " To each and all of these ■
Mr. Nicholson answered in the affirmative. He ]
was supported by the American party as an ;
American, when the Democratic party of Penn- j
sylvania, in various districts and various parts j
of the State, threw themselves into the arms of !
Free-Soilism; and as such they are known and i
represented upon this door. I deny, then, that j
the great American party of Pennsylvania is a i
Free-Soil party. I do admit that gentlemen act- ;
ing with the American party are opposed to the |
Kansas-Nebraska act. In my own district I i
received an open Whig nomination, and I was I
supported, and I am proud to say so, by the !
American party. j
Mr. FLORENCE. If mv colleague will per- ;
mit me, 1 would like to ask him a question? i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not wish to be inter- 1
rupted at this portion of my remarks. I will j
yield to my colleague when I have finished my j
argument, and will then be glad to answer any ;
question that he may desire to put to me. „ I
Now, Mr. Clerk, I wish to say that the people i
of my district are opposed to the Kansas-Ne- j
braska act; and, representing their sentiments, I ;
am opposed to it; and I trust that 1 shall ever be j
opposed to any measure of equal iniquity. But, i
sir, the American party of Pennsylvania came to !
the present Congress, and presented the name of j
a conservative gentleman as their candidate for
the Speakership. True, that gentleman and his j
constituency were opposed to the provisions ofk;
the Kansas-Nebraska bill; but a more conserv-1
ative gentleman could not have been offered for j
the support of members; and the Pennsylvania j
delegation, or a majority of them, have continued j
to vote for PI. M. Fuller for the Speakership, j
so long as there was any prospect of effecting an j
organization of the House with his name. We j
supported him in good faith, because he was an
American, and because he advocated the prin-
ciple which we advocated, so far as the Kansas-
Nebraska act is concerned. We did not abandon
him on account of his principles, but we lost all
hope of organizing the body with his name as a
candidate.
We are not factious; we are not disorganizes.
We look the question broadly in the face, and
admit that the Opposition members cannot organ-
ize the House unless there is a fusion of some of
these discordant elements. Striking, then, at an
organization,and being sincerely desirous to effect
that object, gentlemen with whom I act voted for
Mr. BxsrKs,ofMassachusetts. And tell mewhy?
Because we recognized in that gentleman an anti-
Nebraska man.
And, Mr. Clerk, no man in this House, or out
of it, has ever more distinctly placed his Ameri-
can sentiments on record than has Mr. Banks, of
Massachusetts. He was one of the pioneers, so
to speak, in the advocacy of American principles,
which my colleague represents. If he was not
the representative of their principles, he would
not have received the single vote of a single mem-
ber from Pennsylvania who is now acting with
him upon the floor of this House. We vote for
him now to effect an organization. He repre-
sents our principles; and let me tell my colleague
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jonks] that he cannot
submerge Americanism hero. He may effect that
when the memory of Washington is submerged.
We are Americans, and we will remain such as
long as we have places upon this floor. I now
thank members for their attention.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk, I
wish to put a few questions to my colleague, and
not to address the House. He knows that I
would be the very last man in the world who
would put him in a false position before this
House or the country. When I rose to ask the
honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walk-
er] a question, it was with the intention that his
mind might be disabused, or that his friends
might be disabused, from the idea that in passing
that resolution we meant to cast an imputation
upon any individual, or any collection of indi-
viduals. Such was not the intention.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly not.
Mr. JONES. I also stated to the House that,
as a national Democrat from Pennsylvania, I
understood that Know Nothingism in that State
was synonymous with Free-Soilism. I expected
a response from one of my colleagues. The
honorable gentleman, [Mr. Ali.isow] known as
a high-minded man, and boldly professing Free-
Soil principles, rose in his place and stated that
he agreed with what I had stated; that it was
right:
I would not wish to place my colleaguo from
the Schuylkill district [Mr. Campbell] in a false
position. He has slated that that is not the fact.
He takes issue with me and my honorable col-
league from the Beaver district, [Mr. Allison.]
I wish now, merely for my own satisfaction, to
inquire from my colleague, who says that the
Know Nothing party in Pennsylvania is not a
Free-Soil party, why it is that the delegation from
that State, with the exception of three members,
vote for Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts, who is
publicly held up here as the very bone and sinew
of Free-Soilism? Explain that, and I shall be sat-
isfied. I do not know whether my colleague is
a Know Nothing or not; I never asked him; and
I meant no imputation when I used the phrase.
I again state that the Know Nothing party,
known by us as such, has principles synony-
mous with those professed by the Free-Soil party;
that it is Free-Soilism in disguise; and that that
Free-Soilism alone, under the name of Know
Nothing, is what prevents my State this day
from casting seventeen votes for Mr. Richard-
son, instead of six.
Mr. GIDDINGS. What do you mean by
Free-Soilism? Define your terms.
Mr. JONES. I will, with a great deal of
pleasure. I can only define it as I understand it.
Men and things have changed of late with won-
derful rapidity. If I am wrong lean be corrected.
Free-Soilism, about three weeks ago, was the res-
toration of the Missouri line. Mr. Greeley now
states in his paper that that is not the object of
contest now; it means non-extension of slavery.
The Free-Soil party means that party which is
against the admission of any more slave States
into the Union. Am I correct?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my colleague [Mr. Jokes]
had inquired of me whether the Democratic party
of Pennsylvania had gone over to Frce-Soibsm,
I should have referred him to his colleagues, Mr.
Grow, Mr. Barclay, and others. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. Will my colleague allow me to
explain what I meant?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not now. But I say that
my colleagues and myself have not gone over to
Free-Soilism. We consider that on this Ne-
braska question gentlemen from the South may
represent their views as gentlemen of the North
will represent theirs. We are supporting Mr.
Banks as an American. He may take any views
he thinks proper on the subjcct of the Kansas
and Nebraska bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will give his
attention for a moment, while I ask him a simple-
question.
Mr. JONES. I desire, first, to have a cor-
rect understanding with my colleague. T say
to my colleague that the Democratic party of
the State of Pennsylvania, to which I belong,
is a national party. " One of my colleagues [Mr.
Grow] said, yesterdav, that he could not under-
stand why the fact that the whole South, and
those who are loft of us at the North, were voting
for a national man living at the North, made the
Democratic party a national party. We do not
make any distinction between the North or the
South. But my colleague" found fault with the
paucity of our numbers, and gave it as a reason
why we were not national that we numbered only
fifteen from the North. Well, I believe it only
required ten men to save Sodom. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. It only Looic five at
last. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. JONES. So much, the better. But we
stand fifteen; and I understand that the point
made by my honorable colleague was that the
paucity of our numbers was evidence of our
want of nationality. Now, as we have been
voting for a northern man, and a national man,
I thought the intention was rather to call the
South to account; and I marveled how they could
be charged with being a sectional party, when
they are voting for a northern man. I think that
is the best test that could be given of nation-
ality on this iloor, coming, too, from southern
men, stung us they are to the very quick by an
attempt to rob tlVm of rights guarantied by
the Constitution of this country—a body of men
who come up into this Hall asking for nothing
that I have ever heard of but the simple guarantees
of that Constitution. 1 have never upon this floor
been asked by a southern man to cast a vote be-
cause it was for the South. I have never cast a
southern vote in my lite. The only thing that
has ever been asked of me (and I have always
given it to the best of my humble ability) was
to cast my vote for the South as far as she had
rights guarantied by the Constitution; and I have
made up my mind long ago that I will stand by
those rights, if I stand alone, instead of with
fourteen others. [Loud applause.]
Mr. ED1E. Will my colleague yield to me a
moment?
Mr. JONES. Not now; I will give my col-
league a chance by-and-by, for he and 1 agree
upon one point at least.
The magnanimity displayed here by southern
men i« an exhibition I am glad to see, becauso
the hue and cry throughout the country has been
that the South want to dissolve the Union; and I
want the North to see that there are southern-
men in this House who are willing to vote week
ofter week for a northern man, thus declaring to
the country that all they want is national prin-
ciples, and that they care not whether the repre-
sentative of those principles comes from the North
or from the South. If this exhibition were con-
tinued forty days longer, I think the time would
be well spent.
And now, sir, I want to ask a question of my
colleague. [Mr. Campbell.] He said that there
were Democrats elected to this House from the
State of Pennsylvania who were not sound on
this question of .slavery. I do not suppose ho
meant to s$y what, might be inferred from his
remark. I do not believe he meant to impeach
the motives of gentlemen voting upon this floor,
and it is contrary to the rules of this House to
impute motives. I know, sir. that there are six
members from Pennsylvania, who, from the dav
the Democratic caucus met (and they were all
there) to this day, have voted as I have voted. I
cannot inquire into their motives. If my col-
league knows anything about them- 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I did not
impeach the motives of any gentleman. I never
do such a thing. I referred to the fact that cer-
tain Democratic members of this House from the
State of Pennsylvania were elected openly as anti-
Nebraska men,
