1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
34th Con<j ...1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
P
la
against loss of postage, I also recommend that
tile act of the 30th August, 1852, be further
amended by making prepayment by postage
stamps compulsory on books, pamphlets, circu-
lars, and all other kinds of transient matter at the
repaid rates for such matter established by the
ast-mentioncd law. On much of this kind of
matter sent in the mails no postage at all is col-
lected. The greatest abuse in this respect per-
tains to lottery and patent-niedicine circulars and
pamphlets with which the mails in every part
of the country are burdened. In some instances
from thirty to forty bags of this matter have been
received in one day for distribution at a single
office. I have endeavored, asfar as in my power,
to correct this evil by requiring of postmasters
the rigid enforcement of the law, both in respect
to the prohibition against their receiving such
matter free, and to the fact that each distinct cir-
cular, when there was more than one upon a sheet,
should be charged with •postage accordingly.
The expenditures of the Department for the
year 1856, including payments for foreign post-
ages, will probably amount to $10,199,024, to
wit:
For transportation, including foreign mails, route and local
agents, and mail messengers—   $6,601,688
For compensation to postmasters, ship, steam-
boat, and way letters, wrapping paper, office
furniture, advertising, mail bags,^blanks, mail
locks, keys,and stamps, mail depredations and
special agents, postage stamps and stamped
envelopes, letter-carriers, and miscellaneous
payments  3^81,500
For payment of balances to the London and
Bremen offices to 30th June, 1855  15,886
$10,199,024
The means available for the service of the year
1856 are estimated at $9,010,873; to wit:
Balance to the credit of the revenue account on the 30th
June last, as stated by the Auditor   $527,764
From this balance should be deducted for bad
and doubtful debts, the accumulation of along
series of years, and for suspended credits, not
less than     200,000
Probably available  327,764
Estimated revenue from postages and miscella-
neous receipts  7,076,922
The annual appropriation made by the eighth
section of the act of March 3,1851, in further
payment of mail services to the Government, 500,000
The appropriation made bv the act of March 3,
1855, to supply deficiencies in 1856  1,106,187
Total or means for 1856 :  $9,010,873
Leaving a deficiency to be provided by act of
Congress of.      $1,188,151
$10,199,024
The servicd on*the several United States mail
"Bteamship lines during the past year has generally
been performed with regularity and in an accept-
able manner. The steamers of the Collins line
have made their trips with great regularity, ex-
cepting the half-trip lost by the wreck of the
Arctie, in September, 1854. A new steamer, to
take the place of the Aretic, is now in course of
^construction, and it is understood will soon be
placed upon the line. On the Bremen and Havre
lines the full number of trips has been performed.
On the line from New York to Aspinwall there
has been no irregularity; but between New Or-
leans and Aspinwall there have been several fail-
ures, principally owing, as the contractors allege,
to the prevalence of the yellow fever at Havana
and New Orleans. Between San Francisco and
Panama, the mails h^ve been conveyed with great
■regularity and dispatch, and, with one or two
exceptions, the connections have been duly main-
tained at San Francisco with the route to Astoria.
The trips on theCharleston and Havana line have
been performed accordingto contract; but, as yet,
on the New Orleans and Vera Cruz route semi-
monthly service only has been rendered.
I have adopted the plan pursued in my last
annual report of presenting, in the form of an
appendix, the principal operations and results of
the foreign mail service during the year, as shown
in the tabular statements prepared by the Auditor,
which accompany this report* These results are
stated in the appendix marked A, and compare,
as a whole, very favorably with the operations
of the preceding year, to some of the more .promi-
nent of which I invite your attention.
The aggregate amount of postages—sea, inland,
and foreign—on the mails conveyed during the
year by the United States lines of ocean steam-
S, exceeds the previous year in the sum of
81,060 17. This increase Js chiefly confined
to the mails conveyed by the Collins steamers,
and was caused by the temporary withdrawal,
in November, 1854, of the British mail packets
of the Cunard line, running between New York
and Liverpool, in consequence of which the
amount of mails conveyed between those porta
by the steamers of the Collins line was largely
increased. As it is understood to be the purpose
of the British Government to place their steamers
again upon the line in the month of January
next, when they will resume their regular trips
from New York on every alternate Wednesday,
the temporary increase of revenue from the Col-
lins line, caused by their withdrawal, will, of
course, cease. The increase of postages, as com-
pared with the previous year, on maiils conveyed
toy the Collins line, was 1196,776 67; by the New
York and Havre line, $1,550 46; and by the New
Orleans and Vera Cruz line, $971 84; while the
decrease by the New York and Bremen line was
$7,383 94; by the New York and California lines,
$7,529 05; and by the Charleston and Havana
line, $3,325 81.
It is a fact worthy of notice, that the corre-
spondence exchanged with Great Britain during
the year, under our postal arrangement with that
country, was considerably less in amount than
in the year preceding; the decrease of the amount
of postages being $50,050 86.
The gross amount of postages on letters con-
veyed between the United States and Prussia, in
closed mails, under our postal treaty with that
country, was $299,578 46, being an increase.of
$81,915 28 over the sum realized during the pre-
vious year on that class cf correspondence.
During the last fiscal year a net revenue of
-$5,851 48 has been derived by this Department
on the correspondence exchanged with Bremen,
after deducting commissions paid to postmasters,
and also the United State's inland postages on
those mails, which show? an improvement in
that branch of the foreign mail service over the
operations of the previous year, when the ac-
counts exhibited a net deficit to the United States
Post Office of $1,501 84. It should be observed,
however, that the sums paid by the Government
for ocean transportation under the existing con-
tracts with the different steamship lines are not
embraced in the revenue calculations prepared by
the Auditor for this Department, the results of
which are stated in the appendix. If the actual
cosi of transportation was also included in these
calculations, the result-would show a heavy loss
to the postal revenues qf the United States from
the foreign mail service. The extent of the los.s
is readily ascertained by comparing the receipts
from postages with the contract pay of the differ-
ent steamship lines.
The annual compensation of the Collins line is
$858,000. The amount paid to that line for mail
transportation, during the year, the omission of
a half-trip having been caused by the loss of
the Arctic, was $841,500; while the total United
States postages, both sea and inland, on the let-
ter and newspaper mails transported by the line
during the year, was $54,681 11.* Deducting the
inland postage on letter mails, which cannot be
claimed as belonging to the sea service, and the
-revenue from ocean postages only was $371,326 62,
■showing an excess of expense by this line of
$470,173 38.
The contract pay of the Bremen line is $200,000
per annum, while the total United States postages
on mails conveyed during the year was $117,321 70.
Deduct the inland postage on mails conveyed by
this line, and the revenue derived from sea post-
ages only was $76,037 92.
The contract pay of the Havre line is $150,000
per annum. The total postages on mails con-
veyed during the year was $89,011 12, and the
sea postages, after deducting the United States
inland, was $72,789 91.
The total postages, inland included, on mails
conveyed during the year by the New York and
California steamship lines, was#316,477 14; and
the cost of transportation, including tha Isthmus
service, was $775,635 56.
The total postages on mails conveyed by the
Charleston and Havana line, during the year,
was #6,830 72, and the cost of transportation,
$58,332.
The total postage on mails conveyed by the
New Orleans and Vera Cruz line was $5,647 83,
and the amount paid for transportation, £34,003 12.
Other valuable statistical information, showing
the practical operation of the foreign mail service,
is contained in the appendix, a careful examina-
tion of which is recommended.
In my last annual report I referred to the large
amounts annually drawn from the Treasury by
the Collins line of steamers, and recommended
that the six-months' notice required by the act of
July 21, 1852, should be given. It is not neces-
sary that I should again refer to the important
fact that the Collins line of steamers is receiving
I from the Government $858,000 for twenty-six
trips, while the British Government paid the
I Cunard line $866,700 for fifty-two trips; nor to
the injurious effects which the establishment of
this monopoly must have upon the commercial
interests of the country. Their original contract,
entered into by them after full consideration,
bound them to build five steamships, to main-
tain and subsist four passed mWsnip.r&en and a
mail-agent, and for the mail service they were to
receive the sum of $19,250 a trip. Congress haa
relieved them from that part of their agreement
which obliged them to maintain and subsist the
four midshipmen; the Post Office Department haa
not taken advantage of that part of the contract
which empowers it to send out a mail-agent, and
which obliges the company to accommodate and
subsist him; and the company, instead of build-
ing five steamships, as stipulated in their contract,
have built but four. With the knowledge that
the company had bui|t but fpur steamships, that
they had been relieved from two onerous condi-
tions of their contract—one by Congress, and
the other by the action of the Post Office Depart-
ment—in a spirit of munificence and liberality,
on the 21st of July, 1852, the amount of com-
pensation was increased to $33,000 a trip. Tem-
porary embarrassment, caused by tljp company's
entering into a new enterprise, may have been
the cause of this action on the part of Congress;
but these reasons can no longer exist. Apart
from the prices fijfed in their own contract, the
sum paid by the British Government is, in my
opinion, a full equivalent for this servicc, and it
is for this rpason that I again refer to it; but,
whatever unexpected outlays -there were on the
part of the company, Congresq has certainly dealt
with them in a truly liberal and generous spirit.
Since the passage of the act of July 2], 1852,
! computing from the 1st of January, 1852, the
time when the additional allowance commenced,
• to the 1st of December, 1855, the company will
! have received $1,402,500 more than they would
j have been entitled to for the same amount of
J service under the original contract; and if this
period be lengthened, and the notipe not given
until March, it will make the sum which they
will" receive amount .to $1,650,000. Whatever,
therefore, were the views of Congress in grant-
ing this increased compensation, I cannot but
regard the continuance of it as a mere gratuity,
destroying all competition on a most important
route, and, like all such appropriations, attended
by the most pernicious influences.
Some further correspondence has taken place
on the subject of the pending postal .conventions
with France and Belgium, but without any satis-
factory result.
One of the obstacles to an arrangement with
France consisting in the unwillingness of the
French Government to adopt the half instead of
the quarter-ounce scale for letters passing between
the two countries, in the month of May last I
embraced a favorable opportunity to propose
that, rather than the negotiation ^hould fail, I
would yield my objections to the quarter-ounce
scale. To this prqposition, made through the
French Minister, then about to visit France, I
have received no reply. It is earnestly hoped
some arrangement mutually satisfactory may
J soon be concluded, as there is great complaint in
! both countries of irregular and exorbitant post-
I age charges, arising in most instances, no doubt,
] from the inability of the writer, undgr existing
