THE G0NGR1SSIPMAL GLOffj.
December 18,
Mr. JONES. Will my colleague name them ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. "Isappose those gentlemen
will carry out fairly the principles on which they
were elected.
Mr; KEITT Who are they?
Several Members. Name theni.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, there is Mr. Grow,
[laughter] and Mr. Barclay.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Grow is able to speak for
himself.
Mr. GROW. I am anxious for the floor for
that purpose. •
Mr. JONES. All I can say is, that I under-
stand. Mr. Grow to take his position openly,
publicly,'and honorably. I will impeach tie
motives of no man. If he professes his princi-
Sles openly, I will take him by that profession.
Ir. Grow did not meet with us in caucus, and
has not voted with us once. I understand that
he does not pretend or profess to belong to what
we call the national Democracy. I was only
sorry that I understood him to say yesterday
that the only objection he had to it at the North
was that there were only seventeen of us. I have
no doubt he has another reason, but that was the
only one he gave. I have no doubt, however,
that he will explain himself fully.
Other gentlemen from Pennsylvania met with
us in caucus and have voted with us. We under-
stand them to be opposed to the repeal of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill; and anything beyond that
is between them and their constituents. I did
suppose that the Pennsylvania vote cast for Mr.
Banes, meant that all who voted for him from
Pennsylvania were against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. If I am wrong in this, I shall be happy to
to© corrected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I repeat that
I desire to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. JONES. I will yield to you for a mo-
ment.
Mr. GROW. I desire the floor tfi say a few
words only.
Mr. LETCHER. There is plenty of time;
take it leisurely.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understood that the
honorable gentleman from the Berks district
of Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] made the platform
which was adopted by the Democratic caucus
which nominated for Speaker my friend and col-
league, Mr. Richardson. I understand, from
the explanation he has made to-day in regard to
that platform, that there is a difference between
the Know Nothings and the Americans; that he
considers the Know Nothings to be Abolitionists;
and that the expression " Ivnow Nothings "used
in that platform was not intended to apply to the
southern Know Nothings or Americans. I un-
derstood that to bo his explanation here this
morning. I desire to know if he wishes that
explanation so to go out to the country ?
Mr. JONES. I can only say I am sorry my
friend from Illinois should have misunderstood
md upon the subject, for I certainly meant to say
no such thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I certainly understood
the gentleman as I have represented him.
Mr. JONES. I will restate the matter. An
objection was raised here this morning by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] that
the resolution of the Democratic caucus—not a
platform made by me, but by the Democratic
party in caucus, o( which I was merely an humble
instrument, and, as such, offered the resolution—
had treated the American party with contempt.
I stated that the words "American party" were
not in the resolution, and that not a single word
used therein was intended to be disrespectful to
any man or class of men.
One word further. I stated that in my coun-
try—and there I speak for myself, and do not
mean to be sectional by any Mason and Dixon
line, but mean on the word country the whole
country—our belief and understanding is, that
Know Nothingism is Free-Soihsm in disguise;
and, whatever it publicly professes, it goes to the
polls, and defeats the national Democratic party
by voting with the Free-Soil party, and that ac-
counts for the paucity of our numbers. When
I speak of Know Nothingism as we understand
it at the North, I mean this: Know Nothingism,
wherever it may be found, in its movements and
consequences, is in direct conflict with the Dem-
ocratic party, and indirectly accomplishes the
same end, which is the triumph of free-soilism.,
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the gentleman says
this: That he understands Know Nothingism to be
Abolitionism in disguise, as contradistinguished
from Americanism.
Mr. JONES. No, sir; I did not say that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I will ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, if he does not con-
sider Know Nothingism and Americanism the
same thing?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; I am an American
myself; but I am not, and I never will be, a
Know Nothing. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE: I assume that we are all
Americans, but the gentleman from Pennsylvania
must well understand the meaning of the word in
the manner in which I used it, and I desire him
to explain the difference he has attempted to draw
between Know Nothingism and Amercanism. -
Mr. JOI^ES. I presume I could do that more
satisfactorily after having gone through the pro-
cess of initiation in the order, which has not
happened to me as yet. But I will proceed to
explain as best I can. There is a party in this
country which calls itself American, which calls
itself Know Nothing, which calls itself Anti-
Foreign , which calls itself the party of the country,
which calls itself the national party, and at other
times a sectional party; and if the gentleman
from Illinois means either otthese, as they style
themselves, then I mean th™ every one of those
names are synonymous, and mean a party which
bodes no good to our country or to the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understood, from the
language of the gentleman from! Pennsylvania, in
the explanation he made of the platform of the
Democratic caucus, that he intended that language
as an invitation to the southern Know Nothings
to come in and vote for his candidate; and that the
platform, as laid down by the Democratic caucus
and explained by himself this morning, offered
no barrier to their coming in to such support. I
merely state how I understood the matter.
Mr. JONES. Icanonlysaylam astonished that
he should place such a construction on my lan-
guage. Shall I now say, that after I have offered
a resolution in the Democratic caucus which pub-
licly proclaims the principles of its organization,
and. which says to the country and the world that
we never will take down one plank of that plat-
form, can that gentleman now, by any possibil-
ity, understand me now to mean that I am open
to compromise, except so far as this, that our
party is open to every man of you, as soon as you
repudiate your errors, and corns into our party,
and upon our platform?  
Mr. WASHBURNE: I believe I understood
the gentleman as others did, and ^certainly have-
no desire to misrepresent him. But some things
have taken place here this morning which ought
to be brought to the notice of the country, par-
ticularly the speech of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Walker,] taken in connection with
what fell from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J ones.] What is the aspect which presents
itself to us ? Tlio gentleman from Alabama says
the platform of the Democratic party, or caucus,
interposes between those standing with him and
the Democratic party a Avail of fire, which they
cannot pass. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] makes his explanation, after which
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walker]
again comes forward; and what does he tell the
House, the country, and the Democratic party
upon this floor? Why, he tells the Democratic
party, if they will ignore the platform they have
laid down, if they will ignore the candidate they
have nominated for Speaker, then the Know
Nothing party of the South will join with the
Democracy, and assist in electing a Speaker.
Now, I want tu know what foundation there is
for the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama.
I desire to know if the most conservative part
of the Democratic party in this House are in
favor of abandoning their organization and plat-
form, and of coalescing with the Know Nothings
of the South ? If there are any such, let us know
who they are. Let the country know it.
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman from Illinois
misunderstood me if he supposed I insinuated
that there was any such intention.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is certainly what
I understood the gentleman to say.
Mr. WALKER. Then the gentleman mis-
apprehended me.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I stand,corrected, and,
of course, have no more to say "upon that point.
Mr. JONES. I believe I am entitled to the
floor, having simply yielded it to the gentleman -
from Illinois for the purpose of ask ing a question.
He seems, however, to be making quite a spcfech.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will oecupv but a
moment more. The gentleman from Alabama
disclaims having made any such remark as I have
imputed to him, and declares there is no intention
of pursuing the course I have spoken of; but
if there are any Democrats who intend to take
that course, I would like to know who they are,
and I should like to have the country know.
Mr. JONES I am about to surrender the
floor, but I wish to have this matter set right be-
fore 1 do so. I understand the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Walker] to say this, which
amounts simply to the choosing of the least of
two evils: that it might so happen to his party,
without asking anything at our hands at all, that
if they are called upon to dccide between the
candidate for Speaker who has received the
largest number of votes and the candidate of the
Democratic party, as they now stand, as a choice
of two evils they might prefer Mr. Kichardson
to Mr. Banks.
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania also misunderstood me.
Mr. JONES. Then I stand' corrected.
Mr. WALKER. I think I sald this—and in
repeating it, I would thank the' House to hear
and weigh well the words I employ to convey
the idea—so far as I was concerned, desiring t,s
I did a,proper and conservative organization of
the House, and believing as I did that I was ex-
pressing the wishes of most of those with whom
I had acted upon this floor, I was willing, in the
event that this House should not be organized
to-day, to meet in this Hall this evening upon
this basis.
I asked that all the members of the Houso
who are willing to abide by the existing laws on
the subject of slavery; who are opposed to a re-
newal of agitation on this question here or else-
where; and who, in obedience to their constitu-
tional obligations, are prepared to vote for the
admission of a State whether its constitution did
or did not recognize slavery as a part of its social
system, should meet in conference. These, I
think, were my words.-
Mr. JONES resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentlema-n
just allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr.JONES. Excuseme. I only want to say
a word in reply to the explanation of my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Walker.] I can now
easily understand how I was mistaken as to the
meaning of what he said. He said—usihg his
very words—that his sympathies were with the
conservative party—with the national party, with
the party which is opposed to the restoration of
the Missouri compromise line, and which desires
half a dozen other things; and the portraiture
which he drew of this party fitted my party so
well that I thought the gentleman was alluding
all the time to the national Democratic party.
[Laughter.] Now, if I have committed amis-
take in this, I hope the gentleman from Alabama
will not find fault with me on that account, because,
as I say, he described just the party to which
I have the honor to belong. [Continued laughter.]
K was therefore only a, simple misconstruction
of an application, ana I hope he will pardon me
for making the application which I did of his re-
marks. I certainly did apply all he said to the
Democratic party.
My colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr. Alli-
son] has asked me oi.ee or twice for the floor, and
I now yield it to him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] one sin-
gle question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Do give him the floor
and let him get through.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The question I wish to
ask is this: Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Jones] and his friends go to the cau-
cus for which they have got so polite an invita-
tion from the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Walker?] [Laughter, and shouts of "Oh, to
be sure we will; why not?"]
