80
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....] st Sess.
arrangements, either to pay the entire postage
tlirou"'h nr leave it all unpaid, as might be done
were The proposed treaty executed. At present,
' it matters not whether the letter is to go via Eng-
land or direct between New ^ ork and Havre, a
part of- the postage has to be collected 111 this
country and a part in France. ^
In view of the establishment of a Belgian line
of steamships between New York and Antwerp,
I have intimated my readiness to conclude me
pendin"- convention with Belgium by fixing f™
Organization of the House—Mr. Cox.
[December 20,
Ho. of Reps.
ducion of the transit postage acceded to, the reduc-
tion of the sea postage by the United States hnes
would follow of course, sincc the United &tajg|
and French mails would then be treated as closed
mails and all letters between the two countries
passing through England would be transmitted
at a uniform rate of postage. True, the United
States has it in its power, in two ways, to make
the rate uniform by both United States and Brit-
ish lines: first, by reducing the. sea postage on one
quarter ounce letters by its own lines; and sec-
ondly, by raising the inland rate from five to eleven
all Americo-French letters conveyed by
to a rigorous performance of their contracts; but
there are many irregularities in the mails for
which neither the contractors nor any other
as-ents of the Department are blanmble. For
irregularities of this nature, as well as for real
delinquencies, the Department is constantly made
the subject of reproach. Where there is good
ground of complaint, this is expected; but it is
apparent that there is a too ready disposition,
on every occasion of actual or presumed slight
derangement in the machinery of the mails, to
reflect upon the Department, thereby, to a greater
or less extent, impairing its efficiency. The
sea postage. .
Not having received from the Mexican Gov-
rrnment the expected project of a postal conven-
tion, I have recently taken measures to lay before
that Government such proposals on this subject,
in the form of a treaty, as 1 trust may prove ac-
ceptable. As in all international, as well as'in
tl omestic postal arrangements, simplicity of detail
is of the highest importance, I have proposed, as
the basis of the convention, that there be but one
rate of postage for letters between the two coun-
tries, and that this rate be fixed at fifteen cents,
combining five cents United States to three cents
Mexican inland, and seven cents sea postage—the
latter to inure to the country performing the sea
or gulf service. |
In the annual report of the Postmaster General ,
of Great Britain, referring to the remarks in my
last annual report on the subject, he takes occa-
sion to present the views and arguments of his
Government on the principal points of difference
between the two countries in regard to postal
arrangements. Except in one or two particulars,
it is not perceived that any reply from this De-
partment is demanded, either to his observations
in his report, or in his letter of the 5th of April
last, on the same subject, to our Minister, a large ;
pr.rt of which consists of an extract from the I
report. With reference to the action of the British
Government in withholding its assent to the ad- J
mission of the Americo-French correspondence,
under the treaty, upon what the United States
has, from the first, regarded as fair and reasonable
terms, my views have already been fully stated in
my letter of 19th July, 1853, to the Secretary of
State, and printed in Executive Document No. 73
of the Senate, last session, which letter has also
been communicated to the British Government.
I refer to this part"of the subject now only for the
purpose of correcting a very erroneous impres-
sion, which could not fail to be conveyed by the
manner in which the Postmaster General of Great
Britain has stated the case in his report. He
admits that the United States receive but twelve
and a half cents ah ouhce transit postage on the
British and Canada closed mails, and that Great
Britain receives twenty-four cents an ounce—
nearly double that sum—for the transit convey-
ance of the United States and French correspond-
ence passing through England. But, by a partial
arrangement entered into between the Govern-
ments of England and France, this corresponds
ence, when transmitted on the Cunard steamers,
goes in closed mails at a reduced sea (not transit)
postage of ten cents the single one quarter ounce
letter; hence he alleges that it is inconsistent, on
our part, to complain that his'Government thus
enables French subjects to receive tkeir American
letters, by British packets, at a sea rate of ten
cents, while we demand sixteen cents from our
own citizens for the like service By United Suites
packets, and, at the same time, to complain that
the British charges are too high. He adds, that
the United States has the matter in its own hands,
and may make the rates on both United States and
British lines uniform by reducing the sea rate on
its own lines; and that a uniform rate would not
be secured fSy a reduction of the British transit
charge to six pence, (or twelve and a half cents,) |
as demanded by the United States, without such
reduction of sea postage. The ingenuity of this
mode of stating the case is frankly admitted, but I
not its fairness. It is a sufficient answer to say
that the only controversy has been with reference
to a reduction of the British transit postage; that ,
. is reduced. The British Gover
j it in their own case, no doubt, for an equivalent,
and in order that their present high transit rate
| may not be reduced. The other alternative, if
' the present state of things is to continue, it will,
in my judgment, be very proper to adopt, es-
pecially as the United States inland rate would
still be less than that of France on these letters;
and it is important that an end be put to these
I unjust attempts to favorthe Cunard to the pre-
judice of the American steamship lines.
In regard to the question of postage on pam-
phlets and magazines between the two countries,
| the case stands thus: Under the treaty, the rate
i on either side for works of this kind, not weigh-
' ing over two ounces, is two cents. W^hen above
two, and not over sixteen ounces, the charge on
either side is increased to four cents an ounce,
each country collecting and retaining its own
postage; but no pamphlet weighing over eight,
nor periodical over sixteen ounces, can be sent
except at letter rate. Books are likewise sub-
ject to letter postage. In respect to newspapers,
pamphlets, and magazines, the postage in each
country is the same, regardless of the packet,
whether American or British, performing the sea
service. For pamphlets and periodicals above
the weight of two ounces, I proposed that the
rate on either side be reduced to one cent an
ounce; and suggested that there need be no limit j
in respect to weight. This proposition the British
office declined, and in lieu thereof proposed the
plan of a book post, to embrace books as well as
pamphlets and magazines, at the following com-
! bined rates:
[ For every packet containing a printed book,
^magazine, review, or pamphlet, when not ex-
ceeding half a pound in weight, 12 cents.
1 When exceeding half a pound, and not ex-
ceeding one pound, 24 cents.
When exceeding one pound, and not exceed-
ing two pounds, 48 cents.
And so on, increasing twenty-four cents for every
! additional pound or fraction of a pound. They
further proposed compulsory prepayment in full,
and that, of the total amount of postage paid upon
each packet, one third should be considered to
represent the inland British rate, one third the
sea fate, and the remaining third the United States
inland Tate, the sea rate to belong to the country
effecting the marine conveyance. For various rea-
sons I could not assent to this plan. First, I do
not consider the proposed an equitable division
of the inland postage; second, far the greater part
of the books likely to be transmitted in the mail,
it is fair to presume, would be sent from Great
Britain to this country in British packets, and
the rates proposed for them are, in some instances,
much lower than the custom duties thereon; third,
the combined rate for pamphlets and periodicals
of the weight of two ounces and under would be
raised from the present rate of four cents to twelve
cents. Other less important objections might be
mentioned; but the correspondence on this sub-
ject having, on a call from the Senate at the last
session, been furnished and printed, (Executive
Document No. 67,) further remarks here in re-
gard to it are deemed unnecessary.
In the report to be duly presented to Congress
will appear a detailed statement of failures and
other irregularities which have occurred in the
transportation of the mails during the year, and
the fines and deductions which have been imposed
upon contractors. These fin^s and deductions
will be found to amount to $124,530 68. During
, denunciation, in the event of mistake, careless-
ness, or neglect, as a general rule, certainly the
wiser course would be to advise the Department
of the wrong committed, and leave it to apply the
remedy.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL.
To the President.
k&S n0t bee" a P°'nt jn dispute; j the preceding year they amounted to 8110,486 59
and that, were our reasonable demands for a re- ]i These fines show that contractors have been held
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
DEBATE IN THE HOUSE,
December 20 and 21, 1855,
The following Resolution, submitted by Mr.
Smith, of Alabama, being under consideration:
Resolved, (for the informal promotion of business,) That
this House proceed to the election of two standing com-
mittees—the Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs—upon the following plan:
The Republican party (votes one hundred and five) shall
nominate four;
The Administration party (votes seventy-four) shall nom-
inate three;
The National American party (votes forty) shall nominate
two; ...
That the said committees shall each elect its chairman
by a majority vote;
That the two chairmen, beginning with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, shall preside, alter-
nately, over the deliberations of the House until a Speaker
shall be elected;
That the House devote one hour every day to the recep-
tion and reference of bills and petitions, and the usual
legislative business; and
That said committees shall be dissolved upon the election
of a Speaker, and their business shall pass into the hands
of the committees appointed by the Speaker:
Mr. COX said: It seems to me, Mr. Clerk, that
the resolution of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Smith] does not relieve us from the difficulty
in which we are placed. 11 is one, which, in itself,
would involve us in much difficulty, and if it
should be adopted, it is probable we should meet
with the same trouble in perfecting our organiza-
tion, that we now meet with. I only desire, how-
ever, in reference to the resolution to say, that
such a temporary organization would be fruitless
to effect any good purpose. It would relieve us
of no embarrassment, and take from us none of
the responsibility that no\f rests upon us. It is
better to proceed in the regular way to organize,
unless some new way should be discovered, by
which we can more certainly elect a Speaker and
effect an organization of the House.
I do not propose, now, to enter upon any dis-
cussion of parties in this House. I do not feel
that there is any necessity of such a discussion,
so far as I am personally concerned. It is very
true that I speak here for one hpndred thousand
people, but I have spoken to that people, and
they know my sentiments. They understand me.
But I do intend, if I can, to dig deeper and wider,
as much as possible, the gulf that separates, and
in my judgment ought to separate, the American
party from the Abolitionists of the North. I
want it to be an impassable barrier, [voices—
" agreed!" " agreed!"] I want that gulf made so
wide and deep, that it will be as utterly impossible
for a man to pass from the Union American party
of the country to the sectional Abolition party of
the North, as it was to pass from Abraham's
bosom to the place where that supercilious rich
rascal was, who would not give a poor man the
crumbs from his table. [Laughter.]
I do not say this in any spirit of unkindness.
I have no unkind feeling towards any one; but I
say it in order that the country may understand
distinctly the position which I occupy, and which
