1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
derwtfod, Vail, Valk, Walker, .Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZoUicoffer—125.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. .NORTON said: I wish to make one
word of explanation in regard to the vote which-
I am about to give on the question. I desired to
have the resolution divided. I think the evi-
dence, in the case of Mr. Keitt, sufficient to
induce me to vote "ay" on the resolution, so
far as he is concerned; but in reference to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson,] I
cannot vote to pass the censure of the House
upon him, under the circumstances, as shown by
the evidence, i must vote for a censure on both
or on neither; I tftJPlfore vote "no."
Mr. ROBISON.For ,the same reason given
by the g-entleman from Illinois, [Mr. Norton,]
I decline to vote altogether.
Mr. STANTON". 1 vote "ay" as to Mr.
Keitt; " no," as to Mr. Edmundson.
Mr. VALK. I regret the necessity which
compelled my absence from the House yesterday
•when the vote was taken on the resolution of the
majority of the committee for the expulsion of
Mr. Brooks. Had I been able to remain in the
House, 1 would have voted against the resolu-
tion, and in favor of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English.]
On the present resolution, I vote "no."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
cline to vote against an innocent man because he
is chained to one who may not be innoccnt. I
therefore decline to vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, we
are acting under the complaint of the Senate,
and that against the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Brooks] only—that body not com-
plaining of the gentlemen implicated in this reso-
lution. And, moreover, not regarding this
House to have jurisdiction of such a case as
that made out by the evidence before us, under
any circumstances, I vote m the negative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If I voted at
all, I should have to vote against my convictions.
I therefore dccline to vote.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I should like
to recoid my vote. I was called outside before
the Clerk came to my name.
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES. Well, I merely wish to state
that. I was inadvertently called out, and if I had
been in my .seat I should have voted " no."
Mr. McCARTY. 1 desire to change my vote.
J agree with the majority of the committee in the
conclusion to which they have come on the evi-
dence; but, as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Edmunj>son] has not had his day in court to ex-
plain, it would be improper to find against him, on
the evidence, from which he might possibly have
exculpated himself, if he had hau an opportunity.
My lust vote, ''ay," was to express my con-
victions in regard to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.] My vote, as I now give
► it, is to express my convictions in regard to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson.] I
vote " no," for the reasons I have just given.
Mr. ORR. I must object to debate in this
.way.
Mr, DURFEE. Under the circumstances I
shall vote " ay,"
Mr. COVODE. I wish to withdraw my vote,
as 1 cannot have the resolution put in the shape
which I desire.
There was no objection.
After the vote was announced—
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I purposely voted with the ma-
jority so as to be able to move a reconsideration
of the vote, my purpose being to move an amend-
ment which will enable the House to take a sepa-
rate vote on the resolution. I therefore make the
motion to reconsider, and call for the previous
question.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to any amendment
being offered.
The SPEAKER. Wo amendment can be
offered, except by general consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to have it read for
information.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I make the motion
to reconsider, ana move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oathat motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questionrwas taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 97, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. "Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Benivett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie,
CUngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Elliott, English, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Florence, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake,Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Milison, Moore, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Poiter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Heade, Ready,
Rieaud, Rivers, Ruflin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smithy William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, War-
ner. Watkins, wheeler, Wtnslow, Daniel B. Wright, John
V. Wright, and Zolhcoffcr—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshavv,
Brenton,Buf!lnton,Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezia Clark, Claw-
son, Oolfex, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback,
Dainrell,Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edic, Edwards, Ernne, Galloway,
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Haven, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R.Horton, Valentine
B. florton, Howard, Hugimon, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, Mc-
Cany, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Paiker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Tlionngton, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasli-
burne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—105.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurred on seconding the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Todd and
Barksdale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded^and the
main question ordered, which was the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the second resolu-
tion of the committee was rejected.
Mr. BARKSDALE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Barboui, Benson, BU-
hnghur^t, Bingham, Blt-=, Brad-haw, Brenton, Buffinton,
Ruilnigamc, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, CI aw*, on, Colfax,
Comiih, Covode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
DuriVe, Edie, Edward*, Emne, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, llailan, Haven, Hick-
man, Holloway, Thomas. R. Hoi ton, Valentine B. Horton,
Howard, Hugliston. Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Kiilian
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Mmray, Nichols, Noiton,
Parker, Pelton, Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sheiman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thormgton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—104.
NAYS—MesMs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bioom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evans,
Florence, Fostei, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Moruson Ilairi^, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Me-
Mulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Milison,Moore, Mordccai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps. Porter, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, San-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart
Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler,
Whitney, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wriffht
and ZoUicoffer—98. b h
So the vote was reconsidered.
„ Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ETHERIDG-E stated that he had paired
off on this question for this day with Mr. Pearce.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, stated that he
was not v/ithin the bar when his name was called,
and that if he had been, he would have voted'
"no."
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. CAMPBELL; of Ohio, moved the follow-
ing amendment, as a substitute for the second '
resolution:
Strike out all after the word " resolved," and insert as
follows:
That the House hereby declares its disapprobation of the
said act of Lawrence M. Keitt in regard to the said-
assauit..
Resolved, That the House hereby declares its disapproba-
tion of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson in regard to
the said assault*
Mr. CAMPBELL. The House yesterday-
seemed to be very unanimous in favor of a sepa-
rate vote. The friends of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and in fact the gen- -
tleman himself, expressed great anxiety to have
a division of the resolution. I thinkthat a division
is but just to the parties, and for" (hat purpose I
have proposed this amendment. I desired yes-
terday morning to submit a similar, amendment,
but under the rules—the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] having submitted amotion to re-
commit—I was deprived of the privilege which
is usually accorded to .those reporting a measure,
to perfect it before the vote be taken.- Inow sub-
mit this amendment, and intend to move'the pre-
vious question. " - -
Before moving the previous question, however,
I desire to say thSt, as the gentleman from South
Carolina has not been heard, (he has said noth-
ing during the whole discussion,) if he wishes to
address the House, I will withdraw the call for
the previous question for his benefit, but will not
do so for the Deneiit of any other person, or for
the purpose of opening up general debate. 1 now
move the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio hear a suggestion from me ? I desire to say
to the gentleman from Ohio that the question in'
its present aspect has not been discussed at all.
The gentleman willrememberthat, on his original
introduction of the resolution under which the
committee was appointed, I;, on his moving the
previous question, asked him to withdraw that
application for a" mom'ent, thaMHgight make a
suggestion to him.'He declineoNVo so, for rea-
sons which I fully appreciated; and it was neces-
sary, in voting on the resolution, to do so with-
out my giving the reasons which then, to a great
extent, influenced and controlled my vote. I do
desire now, to address myself, for a few moments
only, to the consideration of the question in its
new aspect; and I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to allow me but a few brief minutes of time to
submit some general remarks, not at all intended
to inflame thepassionsof members in any degree,
but simply directed to the legal aspect of this
question. I shall be brief if the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should be very glad to
accommodate my friend from Virginia, and I have
110 doubt that his remarks would be of a charac-
ter not calculated to engender any passions here;
but if I withdraw the call for his benefit, I must
necessarily do so for those about me. This sub-
ject has been discussed, I think, in all its aspects.
The amendment does not change materially the
form of the original proposition. It simply places
it in the position in which there can be separate
votes. The precise language used in the original
resolution is used in tiie amendment. A great
deal of time has been consumed. The session is
far advanced; and there are other questions of
privilege to follow this—among others, the con-
tested-election cases—and the business of the
country has not yet been done. I therefore must
insist on the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman makes an
indirect charge against me. I ask the gentleman -
to allow me to explain.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I have made a charge
of a personal character upon the gentleman from
Alabama, I take it back. I did not intend to
make any personal remark.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to show that the
charge is not correct. I can do it, if the gentle-
man will give me an opportunity.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio indulge me for a moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Vir-
