1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
Mr. JONES. The Democratic party will meet
in 110 caucus, except in a caucus called by that
farty itself, and on its well-settled princioles.
'hat is the only political cau"us that we will at-
tend. [Cries of " Good, good !" and laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I will not occupy the time
of the House long.
Mr. WALKER, (interrupting.) I would like
to say a few words in reference to the invitation.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield the floor now.
It appears, Mr. Clerk, from the statement made
by my colleague over the way, [Mr. Jones,] with
which I agree, and from that made by my colleague
011 the left, [Mr. Campbell,] from which 1 differ,
that this is a kind of three-cornered game between
us. [Laughter.] And yet I tlimk that when we
come to understand each other, it will be found
that there is no great difference between the
three of us. When my colleague from the Berks
district [Mr. Jones] put his question, I under-
stood him to say that the opinions of the Know
Nothing party, as it is termed, and of the party
called by our "southern friends and by others the
Free-Soil party of the North, were, on the ques-
tion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, identical. I
agree with him that in Pennsylvania they were
the same; that is, that both these parties dis-
approved of that act; that they went into the
election of 1855on that principle,and that owing
to the fact that the people of Pennsylvania were
thus opposed to this measure, agreeing with the
Know Nothings, they had sent here the members
of Congress who now represent that State. Now
it appears that my colleague to the left [Mr.
Campbell] differs with me on the question.
But I think it is a mere matter of difference as
to phraseology, not as to facts.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say one word in
explanation.
Mr. ALLISON yielded the floor for the pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I distinctly stated that the
American party of Pennsylvania made no issue
whatever on the question of slavery, or of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. The American party of
Pennsylvania made no issue on that subject. It
was an open question, as far as that party was
concerned.
Mr. ALLISON. I agree with my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] in that statement; but at the same
time I would say, that a large body of the per-
sons attached to the American party condemned
that act, and that the members of Congress whom
they sent here were elected on that question.
That was the issue, the open issue, before the
people of Pennsylvania. In almost every con-
gressional district in the State opposition to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was the issue, the great
issue, on which we went before the people.
Mr. FLORENCE. That's true.
Mr. ALLISON. I know of no district out of
the city of Philadelphia where that was not the
all-absorbing question. I have yet to learn of
a single district in Pennsylvania where the ques-
tion was not fairly made, discussed, and decided
by the people against that bill. I want to know
from our Know Nothing friends, if they come
here and say that that was not the question in
Pennsylvania, what decided their election? Was
it Americanism? Was it Know Nothingism?
Mot at all. That was a quiet question. It was
under the rose. The question that was before the
minds of the people of Pennsylvania was the
Kansas question. And I have said here, and
1 say so now, that, as far as my knowledge ex-
tends, the opinion of the Know Nothings and
of the Free-Soilers on the subject of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill were identical in condemnation of
the act. If ever there was a question settled fairly,
after full and free discussion in Pennsylvania, it
was this measure which is so much agitated—this
question which we have here so much discussed.
1 know that my friend, [Mr. Campbell,] if he
understands me, will agree with me in the opin-
ion that a large majority of those who belong to
the order were Anti-Nebraskaites. I know that
in my section of the country many united in that
order because they believed it to be anti-slavery,
and in opposition to the extension of slavery.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman allow
me one moment to reply to him, as he has referred
to me. I want it to be distinctly understood that
Bo far as Americanism was concerned in that can-
vass, no issue wa* made on the slavery question.
The views which I represent here in opposition to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill are the views of a large
body of Whigs and of Americans, but no such
issue was made by the American party.
Mr. ALU ON. True; but was not the issue
before the people ? I at'k my colleague, was the
slavery question not an open issue before the
people?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was in some districts;
but it was not inscribed on the American banner,
nor was it made an issue.
Mr.ALLI ON. Not at all; I do not claim any
such thing—I claim that the American party, in
their acts and through their ballot-boxes, con-
demned that act, and therein agreed with the
Free-Soil party. 1 do not say that the American
party came out openly against it, but they acted
m harmony with°those who were known as Free-
Soilers. ^
Mr. JONES. Will my colleague [Mr. Alli-
son] let me, in justice, ask him one question ?
and I am willing to abide by his answer.
Mr. ALLISON yielded the floor to his col-
league .
Mr. JONES. I want to inquire of my colleague
on the other side, [Mr. Allison,] whether there
was not, a short time prior to the election in
Pennsylvania, in last October, a Fusion committee
assembled at Harrisburg, and whether one chair-
man of that committee did not represent the
Whig party, another chairman the American
party, and a third chairman the Free-Soil or
Republican party ? I want my colleague to answer
me whether that Fusion committee did not meet
within ten days, or at least within two weeks, of
the election ? I want him to state whether there
was not a proclamation put forth in the State of
Pennsylvania, in which every man who was
opposed to the Nebraska iniquity should come
and cast his vote for Nicholson—that he was
the embodiment of anti-Nebraskaism, Whigism,
Know Nothingism, Free-Soilism, Abolitionism,
and all other isms, knocked into one? And I want
my colleague to state, whether that statement was
not published to the people of the whole %ate,
and made the basis upon which the election was
held ?
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague asks me quite
a number of questions, all of which I will an-
swer, but one at a time. In the first place, I will
answer that there was an assemblage in Harris-
burg of those opposed to the present Administra-
tion and opposed to the Kansas and Nebraskaact.
I say they met in Harrisburg, and tried to concen-
trate the anti-Nebraska forces of Pennsylvania.
They tried to unite them upon a single candidate;
and I am only sorry they were not successful.
They put forth the name' of a gentleman who re-
sides in my district; a gentleman whom I know
well, and know to be just as sound upon the
national questions as I am myself. [Laughter.]
I know him, but admire him because he is a na-
tional man, believing that slavery ought not to be
extended. Now let me ask my colleague [Mr.
Jones] one question. Did he not attend a con-
vention held by the Democratic party in Penn-
sylvania, which convention was afraid to show
its hand upon this Nebraska bill? [Laughter.]
Mr JONES. I will answer my colleague with
great pleasure, for I like to respond to questions.
I did not attend any convention that was afraid
Jo speak out upon the Nebraska bill. At least
they were not afraid, judging by their acts. I
did attend a convention, over which I had the
honor to preside, of the Democratic party of the
State of Pennsylvania.
The committee appointed for that purpose re-
ported a resolution. An amendment was offered
upon which the yeas and nays were called, as the
resolutions were not considered strong enough.
It was this: The original resolution read, "That
the General Government had no right to inter-
fere with slavery in the States." The amend-
ment added, " or Territories." The amendment
was adopted with but three or four dissenting
voices, and all of those are represented upon this
floor by my colleague, [Mr. Grow.] The reso-
lution, as amended, reads as follows:
Resolved, That the Democratic part/ need not on old and
settled 1 sues to declare tiieir principles in detail; bat that it
is enough for us to say that we belong to the Dcmociacy of
the Union; that we recognize no geographical lines between
the North and the Soutli, but all portions of the Union are
the same to ua; that we will maintain and defend tile con-
stitutional rights of ail the States, and recognize in then-
widest extent the principles of popular sovereignty in the
Terri tones.
That was the resolution, and it will speak for
itself. The convention clearly expressed its opin-
io!^ upon the principle of the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill, when it expressly asserted that the
General Government had no right to interfere
with slavery in theTerritoriesof this Union; and
it was adopted, as 1 have said, with but three or
four dissenting voices, and all from the district
now represented on this floor by my colleague,
[Mr. Grow.1
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question.
Mr. JONES. 1 have answered it. The yeaa
and nays themselves, upon the resolution, an-
swer it.
Mr. GROW Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield me the floor ?
Mr. ALLISON. 1 occupy the floor myself
only by permission.
Mr. GROW. 1 ask the Clerk who is entitled
to the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr Jones] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW Then' I appeal to him to yield
the floor for a moment My colleague has referred
to certain gentlemen in the Democratic conven-
tion of Pennsylvania who, he says, are repre-
sented here by me.
Mr. ALLISON. I have but a word or two
more to say, and I shall be very happy to yield
the floor to my colleague. I am now trespassing
upon the time of the House, and upon the indul-
gence of my colleague, by whose permission I
occupy the floor, and I feel constrained to bring
mv remarks to a close. I am sorry that there
should be the least difference of opinion among
the anti-Nebraska members as to the strength of
that sentiment among the people of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. Clerk, I have been in this House before.
I have often witnessed discussions between north-
ern members, upon questions growing out of sla-
very, that have caused me a good deal of pain. I
remember that the first time I was a member of
this House, in 1851, the very first question that
was agitated here was a question growing out of
slavery. It was then that the two great parties
of the Union vied with each other in theirattcmpts
to nationalize themselves. I remember the Dem-
ocratic party held their caucus and nominated
their candidate for Speaker, but refused to adopt
as their platform the compromise measures of
1850. As soon as the Whig P t'ty, w'1'1 which
I then acted, found out that the Democrats had
omitted this great duty, they met and indorsed
the compromise measures of 1850 as their plat-
form, which was to be the final settlement of all
questions growing out of slavery. That was the
first introduction we had here in 1851. We pub-
lished that compromise as the final settlement.
For the next two years, my constituents saw fit
to leave me at home. And now, when I return,
I recognize many of my friends upon the other
side of the House with whom it was my pleas-
ure to serve.
But now they are asking us to make another
final settlement of questions growing out of
slavery. And what is the cause of all this ex-
citement ' It is because the people of the country
will not say that this shall be the final settlement
of slavery questions. They say that you did
not abide by the compromises of 1850, which
you proclaimed final. The very first time you
found yourselves here in a majority you dis-
carded that final settlement. You took from free-
dom that which belonged to freedom; you ap-
propriated to slavery that which did not belong
to slavery—that to which slavery had no right.
And now you say to us, " Come, come, let us have
another final settlement." Some of them say,
" We have, perhaps, done you wrong in this
matter. We have taken from you that which prop-
erly belonged to you, and appropriated it to our-
selves. But pass that by, and let us, like breth-
ren, now have a final settlement of the subject to
last, at any rate, for a year or two, and perhaps
longer."
Finally: The people of the North—and that
is all I wish to say now—have said that that shall
not be a final settlement. You have taken the ad-
vantage of them. You have made professions to
the country, and the country believed you. The
