1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JH
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Cox, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
is occupied by those friends with whom I have
cooperated here. And just here I will take occa-
sion to say, that I am not especially desirous to
erect a wall of fire between us and the Democratic
party of this House. So far as I know, the po-
sition occupied by the Democratic party on the
subject of the domestic institutions of the South,
and'that occupied by the national American party,
is identical. Sir, f make bold to say that the po-
sition assumed by them, and that occupied by us
upon this great question, is the only position that
we, as national men, can occupy consistently with
the peace, the safety, the harmony, the welfare,
and prosperity of the whole Union.
But while I say this, sir, I am also compelled
to say that they, "the Democrats, have got in their
professed creed some things that 1 do not like.
Nevertheless, I am not personally insulted at
their resolutions. It is not a matter of personal
feeling with me. It is not a matter of etiquette,
of pride, or any tiling of that sort. What they
have asserted in their resolutions is a matter of
principle with them, as they declare; and they
have asserted, as a tenet of their political creed,
that some of the principles of the party to which
I belong-, are hostile to civil and religious free-
dom. I cannot, therefore, surrender to them.
Not that by so doing I should wound any per-
sonal feeling of pride; not that I should sacrifice
any feeling of personal honor; but by walking
into their party with my one hundred thousand
people, and putting their yokes upon our necks,
we would acknowledge that the principles which
e have all along maintained, were principles
dangerous to freedom and hostile to the institu-
tions of the country. This I am unwilling to
do; and nothing but a sense of duty to my coun-
try, which I trust shall always be paramount to
party ties, could induce me to suspend my ob-
jects and intentions in endeavoring to organize
the House by the election of a gentleman to the
speakership whose sentiments coincide with my
own.
One gentleman [Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania]
who spoke on this subject the other day,discrim-
inated between speaking for the party and speak-
ing for himself. He said that they had simply
asserted a principle in their resolution, and that
my colleague, [Mr. Humphrey Marshall,] by
assuming that the resolution applied to the Amer-
ican party had placed a judgment upon himself
■which waS not intended. I cannot for my life
avoid thinking that that was Jesuitical; that it
■was an evasion. For the resolution itself calls
by name a party of this country. The resolution
reads:
" Resolved, That the Democratic members.of the House
of Representatives, though in a temporary minority in this
body, deem this a fit occasion to tender to tjjeir fellow-citi-
zens of the whole Union their heartfelt congratulations on
the triumph, in the recent elections in several of the north-
ern, eastern, and western, as well as southern States, of the
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the doctrines
of civil and religious liberty which have been so violently
assailed by a secret political order, known as the Know
Nothing party; and though in a minority, we hold it to be
our highest duty to preserve our organization and continue
our efforts in the maintenance and defense of those p. inci-
ples, and the constitutional rights of every section and every
class of citizens against their opponents of every descrip-
tion, whether the so-called Republicans,'Know Nothings,
or Fusionists; and to this end we look with confidence
to the support and approbation of all good and true men—
friends of the Constitution and the Union throughout the
country."
It is called the Know-Nothing party in the
resolution. That gentleman knows, as well (
as every other gentleman here, that the Know ;
Nothing party is synonymous with the American I
party. Let us not deal falsely in reference to j
names. The Know Nothing party, as commonly ;
designated, is the American party, as more truly |
named. Hence the resolution applied directly to j
that party; and the attempt at evasion on the '
part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. !
Jones,] is not in unison with the boldness with i
which he seemed to set out both in the resolution
and in the declarations which he made. i
I am not going to enter, sir, into a discussion I
of the principles of that party to-day. I intend-
ed, after I had made some remarks, to do so; but
having somewhat changed the exact line of re-
mark with which I set out, at the suggestion of
some of my kind friends, who are of opinion
that I ought not to do it now, I will postpone
what I had intended to say on that subject to a
future occasion. I shall now speak more partic-
ularly in reference to the organization.of this
Hftuse. I will turn to my northern acquaint-
ances. I have said that I wanted to widen and
deepen the gulf which now exists between the
American party and the Abolitionists. If they
don't like to be called Abolitionists, I will call
them Black Republicans, or Republicans, which-
ever they prefer. I will call them the Anti-Ne-
braska party—the party which intends to agitate
the question of slavery in Congress and out of it,
at the hazard of everything that is held sacred in
this Union. [A Voice. That is the name for
them.] I want the gulf between us to be an im-
passable one.
But before I go further, allow me to say that,
in the beginning of the American party, (and I
shall not go far back into the history of that
party,) it is well known to the country they said
nothing about the question of slavery. It was
said at the time that they ignored it, and so they
did. "Why? Because they had regard toMhe
views of the several sections of -the Union, and
wished to keep out of their creed every sectional
disturbing element, and to unite upon principles
which should be approved by the people of the
whole Union. It was admitted that in forming
a great national party, there should be nothing
said about it. It was, therefore, passed by. At
this time the question of slavery was much agi-
tated in the North, where the American senti-
ment was very strong. The excitement grew
i out of the passage by Congress of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. 1 am willing to make a clean
breast of matters as they stood then. I was here
as a Whig. I have always believed that the
i people of a Territory should be left free to estab-
j lish their own domestic institutions under the
Federal Constitution. I have never entertained
a different sentiment since I was capable of re-
flection on the subject. I did not believe, how-
ever, that the necessities-of the country required
the repeal of the Missouri compromise at that
Farticular time, and, if left to my own discretion,
might have acted as the distinguished author of
that bill acted in the preceding Congress, and
proposed to organize these Territories without
disturbing the Missouri compromise; but when
the question was presented to me, I could nojas
an honorable man, acting up to the convictions
of duty and justice, and in accordance with my
obligations under the Constitution, withhold my
vote from a proposition which restored a long-
lost right to the South, though regarded by many
as a mere abstraction. The repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise agitated the country. But this
agitation could not have been avoided after the
proposed repeal was introducedinto this House.
The proposition itself would have become an ele-
ment of more serious agitation even if the bill had
been defeated. The American sentimentgrew very
strong in the eastern States. The sectional feel-
ing of the North concentrated itself on the prop-
osition to restore, by congressional action, the
Missouri compromise. This sentiment of polit-
ical union was cumulative, as the lawyers say,
to the American sentiment. It was adding to it
a principle not before embraced in its creed, and
was only adopted by that portion of the American
party whose sectional feelings were stronger than
their national principles. The American party
' proper, when required to speak on this subject,
j said, as the Missouri compromise was repealed,
I and thfe South and North were upon equal terms,
| that for the purpose of giving quiet to the country,
' there should be no further agitation of the slavery
question; that it should remain as it was.
The northern councils, when they spoke on
the question, were made, thfcugh the artfulness
of politicians, to take sectional ground on the
question; and southern gentlemen, who had
adopted the principles of the National American
party, were charged with affiliating with men who'
were in favor of the repeal of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act. It therefore became proper for the
American party to speak out on this subject, and
when the National Convention of the order as-
sembled at Philadelphia, for the purpose of dis-
| abusing the popular mind as to the charge that
j the order took ground in favor of any such repeal,
; the council published what is known as the twelfth
section of the platform. Gentlemen are acquainted
with the provisions of that section. It opposes
-all further agitation of the slavery question, and
relies on the laws and the Constitution of the
country as they exist. Immediately on the pas-
sage of that resolution, a large number of north-
ern gentlemen withdrew from the convention.
And I declare now that I recognize no man as
belonging to the American party who bolts that
platform. I shall have no affiliation with such
n en. I would rather vote for Archbishop Hughes
for the Presidency, than for any one of those who
refused to acquiesce in the twelfth section, and
who are determined to continue to agitate the
question of slavery. We recognize the authority
of the national council to pass any such resolu-
tion as they may see fit, within the scope and
meaning of the order. It passed this twelfth
section. We assented to it. Members had the
opportunity to either assent, orgooutof the order.
They went out; and still some gentlemen upon
this floor come forward and say that such men
are Americans; that they also are national Know
Nothings. Gentlemen have no more right to
make this assumption than they have to assume
that a man is a member of a church from which
he has been expelled, not from any immorality,
but a lack of acquiescence in some dogma of
faith. I have therefore no affiliation with the
party composed of bolters from the National
Convention of Philadelphia. They may claim
they have their secret order. I belong to another
secret order besides the Know Nothing order:
the ancient and honorable fraternity of free and
accepted Masons. But their order is different
from the national American party, and must
remain.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Did the gentleman say that
the Know Nothing party had risen upon the
ruins of the Whig and Democratic parties, despite
the opposition of both?
Mr. COX. I think we are rising, and very
rapidly, at any rate. I believe that American
principles will spread throughout this land, and
that the American party will ultimately take in
even my honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,]who is now so much opposed to them.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose they would not
take me in till I applied, unless it was upon the
principle laid down in Scripture, of taking in the
stranger. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. It is said that the Kingdom of
Heaven was once taken by violence; and I think
it would not be much out of the way to force
the gentleman into a good association.
Mr, LETCHER. A Know Nothing lodge
and the Kingdom of Heaven are very different
places. [Loud laughter.] 1
Mr. COX. That is very true. I believe the
gentleman will ultimately realize being in a
Know Nothing lodge, but I do not know that he
will ever reach the other place. [Shouts of
laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose the gentleman
from Kentucky does not mean to rest his hopes
of Heaven upon his connection with the Know
Nothing party. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman had better apply to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] who
proposes to elect a chaplain to pray for us. [Re-
newed laughter.] The northern section that went
off from the American party contend that they
will agitate the question of slavery. Now, what
do they want? What is their object? They
say, restore the Missouri compromise, and give
us the rights which we had before its repeal The
North are more than equal now. Mr. Clerk, the
South never has asked at any period that slavery
should be legislated into the Territories. The
South did not ask it even in the Nebraska bill.
A southern Senator introduced an amendment to
the bill, providing that slavery should not be legis-
lated into the Territory. Is not that enough ?
There is no intention on the part of the South to
legislate slavery tnywhere. The question was
asked here yesterday, whether the South intended
to repeal the other territorial organization laws,
and remove the restriction from them ? I answer
that I know of no man at the South who desires
any such thing; I know of no party at the South
which desires any such thing; if there be such a
desire on the part either of any individuals or
