1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
ginia will see where we shall land, if this debate
is again opened.
, Mr. LETCHER. I wish the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question for
one moment.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to refuse to aeccde to my
request that he should allow me a moment to
explain the reason which induced my original
vote, in connection with the vote I shall give at
the present time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, I will with-
draw the demand for the previous question., and
allow the gentleman to make his remarks, stiU
retaining the right to the floor myself.
Mr. ORR. I object to any such arrangement.
I insist that the gentleman from Ohio shall either
insist on the demand for the previous question,
or withdraw it altogether.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, if the friends
of the gentleman from Virginia insist upon en-
forcing the rule, I will not withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to ask just a single question.
Several Members objected.
Mr. KNIGHT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question. [Cries of " Object'"]
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to ask a question in
m reference to my colleague, [Mr. Edmundson.1
[Cries of " Object!"] _
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeasar.d nays
upon ordering the main question. { want to see
who, in the new aspect of the case, will vote to
cut oft* debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUNN. The resolution reads " that the
House hereby declares its disapprobation of the
eaid act." "What said act? I want the act to be
specified.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will explain.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to any explana-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio cannot occupy
the floor upon this matter to the exclusion of
everybody else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolutions are accompanied by a preamble,
to which they refer. If the resolutions are dis-
posed of, tfye question will then be on the pre-
amble.
Mr. DUNN. Then I rise to a point of order.
The resolution relates to something else. That
something else, I understand the Speaker to re-
mark, is contained m the preamble. The reso-
lution, therefore, is incomplete in itself without
thatsomething else." I ask that that 4< some-
thing else," whatever it is, may be read for the
information of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the previous question. That is the first question
to bfi decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
gentleman from Indiana, or any other member
of this House, has the right to have the preamble
read, inasmuch as the Speaker has stated to the
House that the resolution refers to something
described in the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is the
right of the gentleman to have the preamble read. ;
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. To relieve the j
gentleman from any difficulty in relation to the j
expression used in the resolution, I will modify ;
it by striking out the word "act," and insert'
ii conduct.**
Mr. JONES. The gentleman has no right to
modify his resolution. I object.
The preamble was then read.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billmglmrst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradsliaw,
Brenton, Buffinton,Butlmgame, Jrum:.- H. Campbell,Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Claike, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Coifa.v, Comms, Covode, Oragin, CnJlen, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Diekbon,
Podd. Durl'ee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, English, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbeit, Granger, Grow. Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Haven. Hickman, Holloway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kebev, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Matteson, Mc-
Curtv, ICilhan Miller, Morgan, Momll, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Prmgle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbtns, Roberts, Robi-
eon, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, EUihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—108.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Carutherfc, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Elliott, Evans, Florence, Foster, Goods, Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Max-
well, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Purycar, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rieaud, Rivers, Ruffin,
Rust, Sandidge. Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Wilham R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkms, YVheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—91.
So the question was ordered to be put.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for a separate vote
on each of the resolutions, and call for the yeas
and nays on the first resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to strike out and insert, which is not
divisible. If the motion is agreed to, it will then
be competent for the gentleman to
separate vote upon the resolutions.
The question was then taken on the ma
strike out and insert, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolutions as amended.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now call for a separate
vote upon each resolution, and ask for the yeas
and nays upon the first resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That this Hou^e hereby declares its disappro-
bation of the said act of Lawrence M. Keitt, m regard
to the said assault.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays
96'; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bhss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chafi>e, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Connns, Covode, Ciagin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell,Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Duifee,Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow,Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilavcn, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leuer, Matteson, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Moore,
Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Reade,
Ritchie, Roberts, Robbing Robison, Sabin, Sago, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmon's, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, EUihu B.
Washburne, Urael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—106.
NAYS—Messrs, Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, C'aruthers, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craigp, Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Elli-
ott, English, Eustis, Evans,Florence, Foster, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Eiall, J, Morrison Ilanis, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jonp<?, Kelly, Kidweli.
J^ake, L<*tohPr, Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMulhn, McQuecn, Smith Miller, Million,
Nichols, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Puryear, Ciuitman. Readv, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin,
Rust, Sandnlge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler,
Whitney, Window, Daniel B. Wright, John V, Wright, and
Zollicoffcr—96.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. VALK stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Giddtygs.
Mr. PORTER also stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Meacham.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the second
resolution; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That this House hereby declares its disappro-
bation of the said act, of the said HeiNRY A. Edmundson,
in regard to the taid assault.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked for the yeas and nays
Upon the adoption of the second resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 136; as follows: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Col-
fax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Damreli, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Dick, Doda, Emrie, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knowlton, Matteson, Morgan Motrin, Mott, Murray, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purviance, Robbius, Roberts,
Sapp, Scott, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,
Trafton, W^de, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Watson, Welch, and Wood—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, AUen, Ball, Barksdale, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Bowie. Boyce, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Johir
P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Cas-
kie, Bayard Clarke, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cohb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson,
Day, De Witt, Dickson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edie, Edwards,
Elliott, English,Eustis, Florence, Foster, Galloway, Goode,
Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hickman, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Hugh-
ston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kid-
well. King, Knight, Knox, Kunkle, Lake, Leiter, Letcher,
Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Millward, Nichols, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Phelps, Powell, Pnngle, Pur-
year, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers,
Robison, Ruffin, Rust, Sabm, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Wilham R. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Tnppe, Ty-
son, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Eliihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins. Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—136.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BRANCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr, Flagler,
Mr. I^VANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Woodworth.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the last resolution was rejected*
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
The question was next on the adoption of the
preamWe; which was read, as follows:
Whereas, the Senate of the United States have trans-
mitted to this House a message, complaining that Preston
S. Brooks, a Representative from the State of South Car-
olina, committed upon the person of Charles Sumner, a
Senator from the State of Massachusetts, while seated at
his desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that body on the 22d of May last, a violent assault, which
disabled him from attending to his duties m the Senate, and
declaring that the said assault was a breach of the privi-
leges of that body: And whereas, from respect to the priv-
ileges of the House, the Senate have further declared that,
inasmuch as the said Preston S. Brooks js a member of
this House, they cannot arrest, and, & fortiori, cannot try
or punish him for a breach of their privileges, that they
cannot proceed further m the case than to make their com-
plaint to this House, and that the power to arrest, try, and
punish, devolves solely on this body: And whereas, upon
full investigation, it appears to this House that the said
Preston S.Brooks has been guilty of the assault com-
plained of by the Senate, with most aggravated circum-
stances of violence; that the same was a breach of the
privileges not only of the Senate, but of the Senator as-
sailed, and of this House, as a coordinate branch of the
legislative departmentof Government, in direct violation of
the Constitution of the United States, which declares that
Senators and Representatives " for any speech or debate in
either House shall not be questioned m any other place
And whereas, this House is of opinion that it has the power
and ought to punish the said Preston S. Brooks lor the
said as>ault, not only as a breach of the privileges of the
Senator assailed, and of the Senate and House, as declared
by the Constitution, but as an act of disoiderly behavior:
And whereas, it further appears from such investigation,
that Hknry A. Edmundson, a Representative from the
State of Virginia, and Lawrence M. Kritt, a Represent-
ative fiom the State of South Carolina, some time previous
to the said assault, were informed that it was the purpose
of the said Preston S, Brooks to commit violence upon
the person of said Ciiarles Sumner for words used by him
in debate as a Senator in the Senate, and took no measures
to discourage or prevent the same; but, on the contrary,
anticipating the commission of such violence, were present
on one or more occasions to witness the same, as friends of
the assailant: therefore
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the following
amendment to the preamble, and demand the
previous question.
Strike out all after the word " whereas," where
it last occurs, and insert:
It further appears from such investigation that Law-
rence M- Keitt, a Representative from the Siateof South
Carolina, was informed previously to the said assault that
it was the purpose of the ^aid Preston S. Brooks to com-
mit violence on the person of the said Charles Sumner
for words used by him in debate, as a Senator, m the Sen-
ate, and anticipating the commission of such violence, was
present iri the Senate Chamber when it occurred, and at-
tempted to prevent an officer of the Senate and others from
interfering for the purpose of protecting the Senator from a
continuance of said assault, therefore—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question
