1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
Mr. GIDDTNGS. • The same policy now would
enable us to electa Speaker. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I aesire further to know, be-
cause I am a Union man, loyal in all my relations
to the Constitution, and loyal to this Union as the
great element by which the mightiest nationality
that ever existed upon earth can, if we be wise,
be reared and maintained—I desire to know if it
be true—the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] said he did not hear it, but after the sam-
ple of special pleading we have had from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] who
says he did not hear that Mr. Banks voted for
Mr: Rockwell 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interposing.) I did not
say I had not hoard it. I said I was not aware
of the fact. I may have heard it; I hear a great
many things that I do not know to be true.
Mr. SMITH. I presume you see a great
many things in the newspapers which you be-
lieve, and I do not know why you cannot believe
that. I suppose, however, that it is true, and I
want this House to understand it, that Mr. Banks ,
elected as a Know Nothing, and the only man,
I believe, in the last Congress who had the nerve
to avow the fact that he was a Know Nothing,
went home and disconnected himself from that
party which had given him his seat upon this
floor.
Mr. DAMRELL. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. Mr. Banks did not withdraw himself
from the organization. The nomination of Mr.
Rockwell was by a convention called by the
American party. [Applause.]
Mr. SMITH. Then I suppose Mr. Banks is
still of the American party?
Mr. HUMPHREY M ARSHALL. Never !
No ! [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I ask you, then, Mr. Clerk,
what party that gentleman belongs to? Perhaps
J may furnish some means of enlightening the
House upon that point before I take my seat.
A Voice. Ask Mr. Banks himself?
Mr. SMITH. I will ask this question: Did
not Mr. Banks attend the " Republican " con-
vention, as it is called—God save the phrase !—a
time-honored name assumed by a faction that
stirs and agitates this Union to its very founda-
tion? I ask that question, sir.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. To whom
does the gentleman address his question? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH. Not to you, of course.
Mr. MARSHALL. For God's sake,do not.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Oh no, sir. X know that name
too well. I have the honor of representing it in
my district, to a considerable extent, and I know
that it is associated with all that is patriotic and
intellectual and worthy.
Mr. Clerk, 1 ask this question: Did not the
gentleman who now leads for the Speakership
of this House attend a Republican—a black Re-
publican convention—no, I will not put in the
adjective; for the sake of a more polite and har-
monious phrase, I will say—attend a Republican
convention in Maine? And did he not there,
upon that occasion, cut himself loose from the
Democratic party, as he ought, for the sake of
decency, to have done, after what I understand
to have taken place; and did he not, upon that
occasion, declare, thatunder certain circumstances
he was willing to let the Union slide ? I remember
to have read, with surprise, in the papers, during
the summer, such a statement of Ins position m
that convention; I read it also with a feeling of
indignation, that one so gifted, and one so worthy,
in many respects, should be so false to his nlle-
giance to his country. I find that that statement
is also made in the speech of Benjamin F. Hallett,
of Boston, which fact shows that he, at least,
thought him guilty of incipient treason to his
country. Although the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] who heard that speech, says
he does not recollect hearing any such remark, I
presume the factwill not be denied as now stated.
There arc those upon this floor who heard the
speech which fell from the eloquent lips of that
gentleman yesterday. And now, sir, after the
revelations of yesterday, after the position as-
sumed by him in this Hall, when he claimed that
he represented the strongest Abolition district m
the United States, we can understand that he is
in no sense national or sectional, but that he is
an Abolitionist; and I want this'House to under-
stand distinctly, so far as I can enlighten them
upon the Subject, that when they call him to pre-
side over the first legislative body on earth—a
body which represents the feelings of millions,
they place there a man who Will come into the
chair with principles utterly at war with every-
thing canonized m the hearts of the American
people.
There are three parties from which we are
to make our choice. The one is the party
upon which I have already commented. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,]
whatever his antecedents may have been, is con-
servative. I understand he is willing to allow
the existing legislation of the country to rest—
tbat he is willing to leave to the voluntary action
of the people of Kansas the settlement of the ques-
tion, whether they will have their State a free or
a slave State. The other of the throe li om whom
we must choose, is the honorable gentleman be-
fore me [Mr. Richardson] who introduced to
tlxe House the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and fought
it through, and who also did what I fear too
many did not do when fliey went home—he went
home with the will and determination of honest
purpose to meet the question before his constit-
uents, and was returned to this House by an
increased, largely increased majority over that
which he had previously received.
Sir, such being the state of the case, I ask the
men in this Hall who love their country, how it is
possible that they can hesitate in the selection
which they make ? There may be some legitimate
distinction between those who affirm the Constitu-
tion with all its compromises, and those who arc
willing to leave matters stare decisis; yet how those,
who love their country and desire to see her per-
manent growth and prosperity, can hesitate in
choosing between the gentleman I have alluded
to, from Illinois, and a Representative of the
black Republicanism of this country, I cannot
possibly understand. I do not hesitate, so far as
I am concerned, and I stand by that gentleman
because he represents the peace, repose, and har-
mony of the country. I think there is a way
out of the labyrinth of difficulty which surrounds
us, and I trust we shall find that very soon. In
my district you know, from what 1 have already
said, while I proclaimed my allegiance to the
Democratic party, I refused to enter into a de-
nunciation of those with whom I expected to be
called soon to act. I refused to do it, and that
party is here now, under somewhat peculiar and
trying circumstances. They believe, honestly I
have no doubt, that, in fostering and sustaining
the American party, tney were building up a party
to put down northern fanaticism. They embraced
that belief earnestly; and when it was announced
that they had the Abolition sympathy, I would
not consent to a belief in the suggestion. I be-
lieved that tilq southern Know Nothings were
patriots, and that when' the crisis came thev
would be found to meet all the expectations wlucli
southern men attached to them. When the Phil-
adelphia meeting was convened, a platform was
adopted, and the result yoji all know.
The southern Know Nothings found them-
selves misled and betrayed, and the question
which immediately arose with them was, what
was their duty. They had sought their organ-
ization for national purposes. They had hon-
estly and laboriously attempted to get up a party
which should crush out that fanaticism, under
the sweep of which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] came here with his thou-
sands. The Know Nothings of the North have
always been the ally of the black Republican
sentiment which has threatened woe to the coun-
try. There are, however, a few exceptions; but
let me tell you, Know Nothingism has been the
cover to some of the most extraordinary frauds
which have ever been perpetrated m open field.
We know very well a distinguished member in
the other branch of Congress has broken ground
against the Know Nothings. We know how
they sprung up, like the hosts of Cadmus, in
the night, and we know the consequences of
their action. The word went out that their
lodges should be filled and taken possession of.
The consequence was, that large numbers gained
admittance into the lodges of New York; and
when their representatives in the Legislature
came to the election of a Senator, they sent back
one Who was held in scorn by those whom they
had betrayed.
Nor is that all, sir. Another ease has recently
occurred. Another Senator, occupying a position
in the ether House, and who came in by Know
Nothing Votes, [Mr. Wilson,] now expresses
his profound regret that he should have ever,
ay, ever, had the slightest connection with the
party. I shall not weary the House with the
subject, but here, gentlemen, is a very brief refer-
ence to it.
Mr. S. here read the following paragraph from
the Lowell Citizen:
" General Wilson «aid, in the presence of a gentleman
of tins city, a few days ago, that the only act in his politicaJ
life, of which he was heartily ashamed, and which he re~
grcttod having committed, was that he ever, in any way,
became connected with the American party."
In reference to this the Springfield Republican
says:
u We have no doubt that this is true, and it is certainly
not discreditable to General Wilson to avow it, being
truo *'
The Boston Courier says on this point:
" We know not what amount of faith is to be put in this
statement, but General Wilson has been in the habit of
uttering mconsidered words, and he may have said what is
charged upon lum by the Citizen. At the same time we
would submit to the Republican whether it was not Joseph
Surface-like in its morality, when it states that such a dec-
laration i  not 'discreditable' to General Wilson, while ho
sits in the enjoyment of a seat in the United States Senate,
winch he obtained "by the most barefaced false pretenses
which was ever used by a swindler in politics or in busi-
ness—by cheating the very party with which he says now
he is ashamed to remember that he ever had any connec-
tion with. Let him give back to the party the place which
he obtained of them bv ftaud and hypocrisy, and our word
for it, thoy will caie very httle'whether he is ashamed of
them or not."
Gentlemen, here is a most extraordinary illus-
tration of what is capable of being done m poli-
tics; and l think that all those evidences are not
a bad demonstration of the propriety of the sug-
gestion made by my colleague [Mr. Letciier]
the other day; that is, with all the intelligence
before us, that wo should resign our seats and
go back to the people, and, under the new ex-
citements and the new revelations which have
been made, again submit ourselves to their suf-
frages.
I advert to these things as extraordinary cir-
cumstances, and I will now advert to another
eminent Senator, distinguished in letters, of talents
unquestionable, rMr. Sumner,] who caused to
be laid on our desks, the other morning, one of
the most false, shameless, and defamatory publi-
cations, in the shape of a speech delivered in Fan-
euil Hall, that was ever published here. I do
not hesitate to say that it was false in fact, false
in principle, false in reasoning, and utterly un-
justifiable and unwarrantable. It is m vain,
gentlemen. There is one great issue to be raised
on this floor—one great issue. It is the issue,
sir, between the sentiments of nationality and of
sectionalism. Yes; say what vou will, although
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
finds, in the couso of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] a warrant
for the declaration that Mr. Banks's friends are
the only national party—a strange conception—
and, although the gentleman came to that conclu-
sion, yet it Is undeniable that this spirit thus ex-
hibited for Mr. Banks is purely, strictly sectional
in its character in every particular. Is there one
man south of Mason and Dixon's line to be found
in affiliation with them ? Not one. Not one. Is
it not strictly sectional, on this one single ques-
tion—a question, gentlemen, it is true, of deep
interest to a large section of the Union; a ques-
tion which has been consecrated by the Constitu-
tion, and sought zealously to be protected in its
sacred provisions ? And yet that party has been
warring on that interest steadily and studiously;
warring on it until, at last, that which is called
the Radical Abolition party has been started in
Boston to proclaim aright to war—without refer-
ence to State institutions or State rights—upon
slavery, as a great constitutional obligation. Yes,
gentlemen, it is a curious fact that here is a new
organization springing up in that hot-bed of
'• isms," in which they avow rights under the
Constitution to put an end to slavery wherever
found, in State or Territory. This society is to
be developed before long. And if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] be elected,
I presume he will be the instrument in the act of
this new development of public sentiment in the
