1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
'Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner. Wailjius, Wheel-
er, Wxusiuw, and John V. Wright—83.
So the preamble as amended was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Wasmbcrne, of Wisconsin, had paired off
for ten days with Mr. Faulkner, of Virginia.
Mr. KUNKEL. I wish to state that I voted
for the resolution from what appeared 111 the tes-
timony, I had hoped that the preamble would
have been amended; but the gentleman from In-
diana objected. There are things in the pre-
amble which I do not approve. I therefore decline
to vote.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was not within
. the bar when his name was called. Had he been,
he would have voted in the negative.
After the announcement of the vote,
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also moved, to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. KEITT. I will ask the member from Ohio
not to press his motion now. The House will
bear me witness that i have not thrown a glove
into the arena of the debate that has been just
closed. I will ask the House to hear me to-
morrow on some matters. I shall endeavor not
to violate parliamentary propriety,and I feel quite
certain that I will not. If the House gives me
consent to make some remarks to-morrow, I shall
be quite well content that the motion to lay on
the table be taken.
Mr.STEPHENS. If thcllouseadjourns now,
before the vote be taken, will not this be the first
question in order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
and lay on the table will be the first question in
• order.
_ Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will have the mo-
tion-to reconsider and lay on the table entered;
and I move that the House now adjourn.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files ot the House of tne papers in the case of John B.
Gratiot, fui leference to the Senate.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and was agreed to*, and thereupon (atfour
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned till to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
mm-
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 1G, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON. At present all the members
who compose the Committee on Enrolled Bills
are absent. One of the members of the committee
of the other House^s now* present with a number
of enrolled bills, on which action ought to be had.
I therefore move that an additional member be
added to that committee, in order that these bills
be disposed of, with the understanding that the
additional member shall be required to act only
until the return (which is anticipated immedi-
ately) of some one or other of the members of the
committee as it now stands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that an additional member
be added to the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the appointment
be made by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Biggs was
appointed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Chris-
tine Barnard, widow of Moses J. Barnard, late
of the Army, praying for a renewal of her pen-
sion; which" was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Thomas
Gtuantrell, an officer in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
referred to th > Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STUART presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Laphamville to Croton, in
that State; and a petition of citizens of Michigan,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Newaygo to White Lake, in that State; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Ofijce
and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Rachel
Posey, widow ot Micajah Posey, a revolutionary
soldier, praying to be allowed a pension; whicn
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Hubard, praying that he may be author-
ized^ to place in the Capitol, at Washington, a
fete simile of Houdon's statue of Washington, now
at Richmond, Virginia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir
of Hugh Montgomery, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That Robert Johnson have leave to withdraw
his memorial and papers.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee onj^riance be, and they
are hereby, instructed to mquirp lntfHe propriety and ex-
pediency of allowing extia compensation to the United
States district judge for the southern district of California,
during the trial of land ca«es ansmg under the act of Con-
gress providing for the settlement of private land titles in
California, and to report thereon.
Mr. PEAR.CE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Feeietary of the IVavv to purchase, for the use of the Gov-
ernment, the copyright of the double chart, known as the
" Great Circle Protiactor," for finding the shortest, or great
circle route from place to place on the globe ; and also, to
report the sum which, in their judgment, would be a suita-
ble compensation to the inventor, in view of the importance
of the invention to the interests of navigation.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Unolvedi That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish the Senate with a copy of a statistical report of the
sickness arid mortality of the Army of the United Slates,
submitted to him from the office of the Surgeon General.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
380) in addition to an act entitled u An act mak-
ing provision for arming and equipping the whole
body of the militia of the United States;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 38J) to amend the acts
regulating the fees, costs, and other judicial ex-
penses of the Government, in the States, Terri-
tories, and District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CROWN, fromthe Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who were instructed by a res-
olution of the Senate to inquiie into the subject,
reported a bill (S* No. 382) to take the sense of 1
the people living west of Rock creek, in the Dis- !
rictof Columbia, on the question of the retroces- 1
sion of that part of said District to the State of j
Maryland; which was read, and passed to a se- j
cond reading. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred the petition of Jonas P. Levy and I
others, reported a bill (S.No. 383) to incorporate !
the Washington Benzoic Gas Light Company;!
which was read, and passed to a second reading ;
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred a petition of citizens of Washington, i
reported a bill (S. No. 384) to incorporate the |
guardians of the poor; which was read, and j
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred the petition of J. W. Webb, and j
other citizens of Washington, reported a bill (S.
No. 385) to incorporate the Washington Mutual
Building Association; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(vS. No. 225) to emend the act approved August
31,1852, entitled "An act making further pro-
vision for the satisfaction of Virginia land wax&
rants,reported it witharf amendment.
He also, fiom the same'committee, to whom '
was referred the petition of Effie Van Ness, asked -
to ju . .arSe(* from its further consideration,,
and that it be referred, to the Committee on Rev-'
olutiofiary Claims.
COPYRIGHT LAW.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the bill
which was referred to them, supplemental to the
copyright law, with an amendment, and 1 ask
for its present consideration. It is a bill that
ought to have been passed originally; but if there
be objection, or discussion, I shall suffer it to go
over. I hope the Senate will consider it at once,'
because it is a bill that certainly ought to have
been passed long ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 239) supplemental to an
act entitled " An act to amend the several acts
Respecting copyright," approved February 3,
Mr. BAYARD. I will state to the Senate what
is the object of the bill, and I am sure it will meet #&
with no objection. The existing law giving the
right of copyright as to dramatic productions,
does not protect the right of representation. The
only value of a copy light to the dramatic author
really is to protect the representation of his pro-
duction in theaters. This bill protects his right
there, as well as the right of publication, and
gives him action and damages for the representa-
tion of his play without his authority.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it confined to our own
authors?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
The amendment of the Judiciary Committee is
to strike out the words <<summaryprocess,',and
insert ^jpction on the case,''as the remedy to an
author for the representation of his play without
or against his consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the amendment will
be adopted. I introduced the bill for the benefit
of the dramatic authors of the United States, and'
I think the amendment is an improvement on the
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] suggests to me that
an action on the case will not hold in the civil law
courts in some of the States, and of course the
remedy would not be sufficient. He suggests an
alteration of the amendment so as to read "action
on the case, or other equivalentremedy." I have
no objection to accepting that amendment. I will
take it as a part of the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. Ye? y well.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered-
to be engrossed for a t|urd reading; was read the
third time, and passed.
SWAMP LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the -
Senate to take up for consideration the bill, S.
No. 344. I will state, in a very few words,
what the object of the bill is. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office has conceived that,
under the acts donating swamp lands, he has no
right to pass upon the lands which are claimed
by individuals m the State of Louisiana, under
Spanish grants. Several suits are now pending
between individuals and the United States in
reference to the title to these lands. So far as they
are swamp lands within the grants of 1H49 and
1850, if the United States should succeed in the
litigation, the benefit would inure to the State of
Louisiana. At present, considerable expense is
encountered by, and great burdens imposed on,
the officers of the Government, in carrying on a
contest in the result of which the United States
have no possible interest. The object of this bill
is simply to transfer to the State courts of
Louisiana all the suits now pending between the
United States and individual claimants for adju-
dication in those courts, so far as the lands are
swamp lands. It applies to no others. This bill
contains another provis'on calculated, in some
degree, to extend the donation of swamp lands to
the State of Louisiana; but that did not receive the
assent of the Committee on Public Lands, and £
