34
appendix to the congressional globe.
[December 21,
34th Cono....1st"s^ Organization of the Home-Mr. Cox, Mr._Dm>hjU
Ho. of Reps.
had a law for the admission of slavery, before the
introduction of that institution ? Has not in fact
the truth always been, that slavery simply re-
quests not to be prohibited; and, then, liKe a
trespasser, as it is, it comes in unbidden, and then
 it Aw ita ri**\tont\nri and regulation ?
frankly admits was taught to many of us, now
livina; in what is called the North, by the fathers
of his own noble State. This decided and stern
voice of remonstrance which the gentleman thinks
is abolitionism, has been aroused by the wanton, "7f'w for it' nrotectlon and regulation
unjust, unwise, and u'^tlfc Missouri restriction I Mr. COX. Toanswer that question, I should
'have o enter into an ar^ment in Reference to
^*SSs£33Sa&a: MS:
white man which is the especial object of concern
—his interest, his happiness. We seek not agita-
tion, but peace and concord throughout the Re-
public. We had it, but the passage of the Kansns-
you   j
the negro is a slave wherever he is found in
the United States. We don't want any positive
i law to support slavery. There is not a south-
—- *. :•«*£ b//.=
Btormy contest. auui"u
The gentleman says, the South wants peace.
Then let her come up and restore what has been
taken from the North—from this white wiaii; and
my humble judgment is, the South will have
peace. Wc shall all have peace. Without that,
I do not believe we shall have it soon. The gen-
tleman asks, why not leave it to be settled by the ]
people who go there? Why prohibit it? My ;
answer is, that all this institution has ever asked, j
was not to be prohibited. Slavery has never ;
needed anything but the absence of restriction by
human law, to secure its advantage. Then it has ,
fone like a strong trespasser, as it is, and has ever
een, and seized and-appropriated the undefiled
earth to its own use. Such is its history in this
Republic, I believe. So far as I now remember, :
sir, Texas is the only one of our States where a
law for itsexistencc preceded its entrance. Every-
where else it has first entered with a strong hand,
and then made law for its protection and regula-
tion. The anti-slavery sentiment desires to pre-
vent this, where the question is open; and hence
it would girt our Territories by laws as impass-
able to this evil as a wall of fire—leaving the
adoption
and coninlbn consent, in the same manner as
it was established in Massachusetts and New
York; and those States made a great deal more
money out of it than we have. There is no law
in the South making slaves property. Property
in slaves exists on the same basis as other prop-
erty. ' Property arises as a natural right, over
and above all law, and such it is recognized the
world over by common consent. And the col-
onies having, by custom and common consent,
assented to and established the right of property
in negro slaves, that kind of property stands to
this day on the same basis of other species of
property, so far as the power of the Government
is concerned; and Congress has no more power
over it than it has over property in horses or any
other chattel.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] takes a
different view of this subject, and has to some
extent explained his opinions. I understand that
the northern Democrats, who now support the
caucus nominee for Speaker and the caucus res-
olution in favor of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, have
' given a different construction to that bill and the
States where it has already a footing, perfectly ! power of the people of the Territories derived from
f • __ ... i mi • ' ka* nn atiVtiAA* nf elotrnrw tVT\T fVlPflfl
free in its control. This is only following the
precept and example of our fathers. That is j
Our position. It is eminently conservative—not ;
fanatical or factious or sectional. It is perfectly i
just; and, humble as my abilities are, I verily ,
believe, if I shall have physical strength sufficient !
for the laboivat the proper time I can satisfy the
gentleman, and all temperate and j ust-minded men
like him, that what we insist upon is, in every <
Fossible sense, to their real interest. This is all
now feel able or deem proper to say, except to
thank my friend for his indulgence.
Mr. COX, (resuming.) I say the gentleman ;
is mistaken. Weexpresslydeclare that we do not
legislate slavery into the Territory. The Kan- !
sas and Nebraska bill, which repealed the Mis- !
souri restriction, does not establish slavery in th'e '
Territories to which it applies, as I have already
shown. Indeed, it is expressly provided in the
bill that no such intent is embraced therein; and
this at the instance and on motion of the South.
Nor does that bill confer power upon the people
of the Territory,'in my opinion, to establish or
prohibit slavery during their territorial existence.
The people of the Territory can receive no power
from the act of Congress, which itself did not
possess. If Congress could confer power on the
people of a Territory to prohibit slavery during1
their territorial existence, it might exercise the
power itself without committing it to the people
of the Territory. This power, sir, I deny, arid
believe that the Constitution of the United States
does not authorize Congress to destroy the right
of property in the States, even though that right ' j The question of the election of Speaker being
nafolall irttrtllin Tnw.Urt-lnn TllC TUf- ! I bfif0r6 tllC HOUSfi —
that act on the*subject of slavery. My friend
from Indiana can explain, perhaps, more fully
the reasons for the opinion that slavery cannot
exist without positive enactment in the Territo-
ries, except, as he says, by mere force; as also
the northern view of the principle of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL, (in-
terrupting.) Will the gentleman give way to me,
in order that I mav move an adjournment?
Mr. COX. I will.
Mr. MARSHALL Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Before the vote is taken I would
say that I should be pleased to have the House
adjourn,and I will not trouble them atany length
to-morrow. I ask it as a matter of courtesy.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. In addition
to that, 1 will say that the Free-Soil part of the
House has had an adjournment in every instance
in which they have desired it; but in all cases
where the opposite party have moved an adjourn-
ment, the Free-Soilers nave resisted it.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yens, 115; nays, 108.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
adjourned.
Friday , December 21,1855.
should be carried into the Territories
ritoriesare the common property of all the States, ,
and if Congress, as is admitted, cannot destroy 1
or affect property in slaves in the States, how |
can it destroy or control it in the Territories ?
No, sir, whatever is recognized in any State as
property must, under the Federal Constitution,
Mr. COX said: I do not desire to be charged
with unnecessarily consuming the time of the
House. I was apprehensive, yesterday, from the ,
course the discussion took, and from the number ;
of questions which were put to me from various
quarters of the House, and which I thought it
be regarded as property in the joint and common my duty to answer, the debate would beTpun '
territory of all the States. i out to such a length as would seem to imply that ■
I was wasting the time of the House, This I do
Mr. DUNN. I will ask the gentleman, if any
alaveholding State, with the exception of Texas,
: not wish to do; and probably if gentlemen had
, not indulged in a course of cross-qurstionin^, I
might have finished my remarks in half the time
during which I occupied the floor yesterday.
| To-day I would simply remark, that if I desire
anv explanation from any gentleman, I will in-
dicate that desire. It may be that, in the course
of my remarks,! may allude to something said
by other gentlemen, and I may desire explana-
tion If so, I will indicate that desire; but other-
wise, I would thank gentlemen to withhold any
questions until I conclude my remarks. I make
this request simply on the score of economizing
: time. l.etthem withhold their questions until I
I signify my readiness to answer any particular
I question. I ask this simply to save an unneces-
i sary consumption of time, as it is not a matter
j of the slightest distress to me to answer ques-
| tions. I can stand the play of question and
answer as long as any gentleman desires to in-
dulge in it.
I endeavored yesterday to show to the House
that the American party—the national American
party—could not unite in the election of a
Speaker with the anti-slavery agitation party of
the North; and I trust that so far as I can speak
for my constituents, th^t I put the matter in the
clearest possible light. I attempted to show fur-
ther that I recognized no man as a member of the
American party who did not stand on the twelfth
section of the Philadelphia platform; and that I
regarded all others, however strongly they may
themselves indulge in the idea that they were
Americans—as apostates, or bolters from the
order. They had either refused to subscribe to
the declaration made by the authority of the
American party, and had gone off from the party,
or they had ceased to believe in its principles and
taken other principles for their guide. These
were no longer recognized by me, or, I believe,
by those whom I represent here, as belonging to
, the national American party. I attempted to show
the reasons which had induced the American
Council at Philadelphia to declare the intention
of that party on the subject of slavery agitation.
That declaration was not so much an article of
faith, as an expression of the intention on the
j part of that party to be national, and to abide by
; the existing laws for the organization of theTer-
j ritories, and to throw out of Congress all agita-
tion on this subject for the future. The< ncces-
! sity 1 stated yesterday of making this declara-
tion, arose from the fact that the popularity of the
American sentiment in many portions of the
country had induced these agitators to attach to
the American party the additional sentiment held
j only in particular sections, as to the agitation of
j the slavery question, and to feed on the strife and
discord of the country. When that sentiment
I became prevalent in many of the northern States,
the American Council deemed it necessary to de-
clare that they did not make the agitation of sla-
very a question of importance in the order, or, in
truth, any question at all. They stood submis-
sive to the laws and the Constitution, and up to
that time there had not been in the American
party,properly organized, anything on the subject
of slavery. The American Council made this
declaration to disabuse the public mind of the
impression that Americanism was tantamount
to or had any affiliation with, Free-Soilism; but,
in point of fact, Free-Soilism had taken hold of
Americanism, and had by its sectional power
swallowed up in some sections of the country,
that great national idea which was intended to
embrace the whole Union.
I attempted to show further yesterday, that
while on the subject of slavery the position taken
II by the Democratic party on this question was in
" my judgment identical with that taken by the
American party, there was still an obstacle to
the election of a Democratic member to the speak-
ership of the House—fori was then talking about
the organization of the House more than about
the condition of the country. After we shall
have organized, and learned the condition of the
country from him whose duty it is to inform us
how we stand at home and abroad, we can then
address ourselves to the affairs of the country,
both domestic and foreign. At present, I propose
to talk about the organization of the House a
little more, to show that the obstacles to the elec-
tion to the speakership of a Democrat in this
