1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
shall not urge the passage of that section at pres-
ent. I am satisfied that there can be no possible
objection to this bill. The United States really
have no interest in the matter. They are now
litigating with individuals to establish their title
to certain lands which are swamp lands, .and if
they succeed in their litigation the iandS wilL
inure to the benefit of the State of Louisiana.
The Government will save expense fcjd trouble
by adopting this bill. It is recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 344) for the
final adjudication of questions of title to swamp
lands between private claimants and the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, with an amendment to strike out
the third section, in these words:
Sec. 3. JJnd be it farther enacted, That all unappropri-
ated public lands within the limits of the State of Louisiana,
the title to which would have passed to said State under
the swamp land acts aforesaid, had not such lands been
reclaimed by the hand of man before the passage of said
acts, and thus excluded from the swamp grants aforesaid,
be, and the same are hereby, granted to said State, subject
Uto the provisions and restrictions in regard to swamp lands
contained in the acts aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill provides that the proceedings in regard
to the Spanish land claim, lying in the State of
Louisiana, and known as the " Houmas," insti-
tuted in behalf of the United States, under the
authority of a resolution of Congress, approved
June 26, 1846, be transferred to the State courts
of Louisiana. The privilege of transfer is allowed
to all claimants under Spanish titles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have an amendment to
suggest to the first section of the bill. There are
now proceedings pending in the Federal courts in
Louisiana, under the authority of the resolution
of Congress referred to in the bill. It J^y per-
haps be, that the defendants in those proceedings
prefer the Federal jurisdiction. I do not think
the suits ought to be transferred in those cases
without their consent. I therefore move, after
the words, " State courts of Louisiana," to insert
this proviso:
Provided, The partiesdefendantconsenttosuch transfer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLtDELL. I move that the titk  be
amended by striking out the words, " and for
other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
THREE MILLION BTLL.
Mr. WELLER. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of what is usually
known here as the three million bill, which was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
along time ago. The Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] 1 believe, has the floor on it, and
will desire to occupy a very short time on the
question. As soon as he shall have concluded, I
snail move to postpone it until Monday next, for
the purpose of going into executive session.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the bill is taken up,
I wish to notify my friend from California that
it is my purpose, at one o'clock, to move an ex-
ecutive session. It is now half past twelve
o'clock, and I should not like to interrupt my
friend from Tennessee in his speech.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Tennes-
see can be allowed to go on now, I am very sure
he will get through within ten minutes after the
time at which the Senator from Florida desires to
make his motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 124) to increase the efficiency of the
"United States Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
when this bill was last under consideration the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] occu-
pied. the floor. I am sorry that he is not here
to-day. I do not know whether he concluded his
remarks or not. He addressed the Senate upon
two different occasions on the bill, and it is
mainly in regard to the objections urged by that
Senator that I shall claim the indulgence of the
Senate for a few minutes. I do not propose to
address the Senate long, for I am not in a condi-
tion, and have no disposition to do so. There
are, however, some misapprehensions on ihis
subject which* it occurs to my mind, ought to be
corrected. It is a question of importance to the
country j and Senators ought to be informed on it
before they cast their-votes. If the argument
presented by the Senator'from New Hampshire
were conclusive or founded in fact, I myself
should hesitate very much before casting my vote
for the bill; but I think most of the objections
urged by that Senator will be found to be alto-
gether imaginary.
What is the bill, and what does it propose ? It
proposes an appropriation of $3,000,000—for
what? For the purpose of manufacturingcannon
and carriages, modifying ourpresent small-arms,
making additional small-arms, and increasing our
stock of ammunition. That is the object and
purpose of the bill. Now, the only question
which it seems to me to be necessary for us to
inquire into, is whether this appropriation is
necessary and proper, or not.
The Senator from New Hampshire, and I be-
lieve my honorabl^olleague, expressed the opin-
ion that it was Spry large appropriation; and
they seemed to ^"astonished that the War De-
partment should ask for $3,000,000 for these pur-
poses. The question is not whether the amount
is large or small, but whether it is necessary? If
the amount were only $3,000, and it were neces-
sary, we should vote forit. If it were necessary,
we should be equally ready to vote $3,000,000, or
$30,000,000, or $300,000,000, on being satisfied
that the interest, the safety, and the honor of the
country require it. It is to this point that I pro-
pose chiefly to address myself, whether it is
necessary or proper that this appropriation should
be made ?
One of the first objections urged by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire was that he regarded
this as a war measure, and therefore he was op-
posed to any such demonstration. Now, I ao
not care whether it be a war measure or a peace
measure. That does not affect the real merits of
the question. It,js not our duty to be inquiring
. what effect it may produce on the minds of any-
body else, or what effect it may produce on the
minds of foreign Governments. The question is,
whether or not it is our duty to provide for the
defenses of this country, so as to meet any emer-
gency which may arise. But, if I were disposed
to give any sort of weight to this argument, in-
stead of coming to the conclusion that it is a
war measure, I should arrive at a wholly different
conclusion. 1 regard it as preeminently a peace-
measure. If we had no defenses whatever—if
the whole world knew that this great people
were in a state of utter defenselessness, I submit
to every thinking Senator here, whether that fact
would not be a sufficient inducement to aggres-
sion by other Governments upon us? I say this
is a peace measure, because, if we can demon-
strate to the world that we are in a condition of
defense, and are a people ready and able to de-
fend ourselves against any aggression that may
be heaped upon us, I think it will have the most
salutary effect upon the deliberations of foreign
Governments before they come to the conclusion
to make war upon us.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from New
Hampshire says he regards this as a useless
expenditure of public money. That depends,
of course, upon the facts; and I shall present
the facts very briefly, in order that we may
determine whether it is a useless expenditure
or not. Before I do so, I wish to inquire if we
assume to ourselves to determine whether this
measure is necessary or not? Is it not a duty
incumbent upon us first to investigate the facts?
The Senator from New Hampshire admitted
frankly—for with all his sins, and he has many
of them, 1 think, on one subject at least, he is
entitled to the merit of candor—that he had not
investigated the subject, yet he arrived at a con-
clusion as boldly and confidently as if he had
given the most thorough investigation to it. He
thinks that the expenditure will be useless, and
therefore the money ought not to be appropriated.
Now, sir, the President of the United States, by
the Constitution, is empowered, directed, and
authorized, to investigate matters of this kind.
They are under his charge and jurisdiction. He
is at the head of the Army and Navy of the '
United States, and upon all his responsibility as
President, he recommends to Congress an appro-
priation of $3,000,000, for the purposes specified
m the bill. Is not that entitled to some little con-
sideration? However gentlemen may estimate
the President of the United States, whatever of
passion or prejudice may enter into their esti-
mate, it does not become us as Senators, it seems
to me, to pass judgment hastily, without inves-
tigation, on the President, in the discharge of a
great official constitutional duty. The President
of the United States, in the discharge of that'
duty, has recommended to us this appropriation,
and the Secretary of War, who is at the head of
the Department, comes forward and indorses
that recommendation, and fortifies itwith a report.
We are called upon by the Senator from 3NTew
Hampshire, without an investigation, without
any knowledge of the facts, (as is admitted by
that Senator,) to vote down this proposition, and
take all the responsibilities which may attach to it.
Now, suppose that, by accident or misfortune,
we become involved in a war with some of the
foreign Governments of Europe, and it shall turn
out in the sequel, as it will turn out, unless this'
appropriation be made, that thisvrfteasure was
necessary, and we suffer great-Inconvenience,
great loss of life, and great loss of property,"in
consequence of this failure: I ask if Senators'are
prepared to take the responsibility of producing
such a state of things blindly, without having
given to the subject a single moment's reflection
or investigation ? As for myself, I am bold in
some matters, but I am not quite bold enough
for that.
I ask the Senate to pause, and tell me what are
our means of defense on the Pacific coast? If
we should become involved in a war with Eng-
land, France, or Spain, recent events demonstrate
very clearly that we can have no reliance what-
ever on our intercommunication by the Isthmus.
Have we such means of defense on the Pacific
coast as would grant security for a single hour ?
Why, sir, you have not ammunition enough
there to fire ten rounds of cartridge for each of
your guns; and you have not guns enough to
protect you at a single point on the Pacific coast;
and yet, when we ask for means to send ammu-
nition and guns to the Pacifi'c'coast, we are told
it is a monstrous proposition, and it is a proof of
the profligacy of the present Administration. We
are warned against that profligacy. We are told
that the appropriation ought not to be made,
when I assert here, on authority, that you have
not ammunition enough on the whole Pacific
coast to fire ten rounds with your guns now on
that sea-board. There are other facts connected
with this matter. I believe the Senator from
New Hampshire and my colleague are the only
persons who urge any serious objections to this
bill. The Senator from New Hampshire said:
" I regret exceedingly that the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs thinks it his duty to press the hill to
a vote this morntng. I had hoped that he would consent to
its postponement until to-morrow. I object to the bill for
many reason?. One 1&-, that J think this appropriation is
entirely unnecessary. It is exceedingly .strange that such
an appropriation as this should be wanted as an extraordi-
nary appropuation, outside of the regular estimates of the
War Department; because it is not part of the annual esti-
mates which the head of the Department has presented to
Congress. I perceive by this bill, that §1,150,000 are wanted
for making alterations in old muskets."
I propose to answer that; but there is but one
point to which I desire now to invite attention. I
am sorry the Senator is not here. I do not wish to
say anything unkind about him. His patriotic
speech yesterday has gone very far to mollify my
feelings to him. He also stated:
" F am not much of a military man."
And all he affects to know of such matters, he
seems to have learned from his excursions in
hunting, while a boy, in the mountains of New
Hampshire. Upon that experience he proceeds
to read his strictures upon the President of the
United States and the Secretary. The next par-
agraph to the one which I have read is in these
woras:
" The proposition is to take these old muskets now in the
armories with flint-locks, to rifle them, and put on percus-
sion locks, with Maynard's primer. Now, r am told by
those who pretend to have some knowledge on the bubjeef,
that these old arms, after this enormous sum shall have been
expended upon them, will not be worth much more than be-
fore, when they are compared with the other improvements
which have been made in sma!i-arm&. They will be a
