1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness."
'•Tifat, to secure these rights, governments are instituted
among men, deriving their ju^t powers from the consent of
the governed; that, whenever any form of government
becomes desttuctive of these ends, it is the right of the
people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new gov-
ernment, laying its foundation on such principles, and
organizing in powers m such form, as to them shall seen)
most likely to effect their satety and happiness."
Now, let me say to those gentlemen who speak
sneeringly of Republicanism, that we here find
its definition, upon this rode the Republican
church is built, and the gates of Hell snail not
prevail against it.
Mr. SMITH, uf Virginia. Why is it that
your party has assumed the name of Republicans ?
Mr. GlDDINGS. Because we advocate the
same principles which Jefferson, and Hancock,
and Franklin, and the Adamses, and all the Re-
publicans of 1776, avowed and advocated and
proclaimed.
Mr. SMITH. Why did you not take it before ?
Mr. GlDDINGS. Our party is but just
formed out of the other parties, and we took it
when the existence of our party commenced.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question to him? 1 observe in the
Herald that came last night a letter signed G.,
which copies a resolution said to have been
adopted at a caucus, and which is said to have
been offered by yourself.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I will not evade the answer.
Let me proceed with what I was saying, and at
another time I will give the gentleman an answer.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me finish.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I know what the question is.
Mr. LETCHER. I am sure you do not. I
allowed the gentleman to interrupt me yesterday;
and I believe that I have never refused, since I
have been a member upon this floor, to allow him
or anybody else to interrupt me if it was desired.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I will yield the lloor on the
appeal made by the gentleman. However, I will
say that I never interrupted any man when he
was in the midst of an explanation, as I was
when he interposed at this time. I yield to the
gentleman, who is always courteous to others.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know whether
the gentleman drafted this resolution?
" Resolved, That we will support no man for Speaker
who is not pledged to carry out the parliamentary law, by
§iving to each proposed nicaaiue ordeicd by the House to
e committed, a majouty of such tpecial committee; and
to organize the standing committees of the House by placing
on each a majority of the friends of freedom who are favor-
able to making repoits on ail petitions committed to them
If you are the author of that resolution, was
it adopted by the caucus?
Mr. GlDDINGS. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. LETCHER. Hear me through.
Mr. GlDDINGS. One question at a time.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, then; go on.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I thank the gentleman for
having introduced the question. I did draft that
resolution, which pledges us to vote for no man
who will not cany out the parliamentary law,
to measure out exact justice to all men upon
whom that law is enforced. When a Know-
Nothing brings forward" a proposition to change
or repeal the laws of naturalization, he is entitled
to a respectful hearing, and he shall have my
voice to secure that hearing. I am not a Know
Nothing; I never was one. and never expect to
be one; but I do say that they are entitled to a
respectful hearing. I would vote for any man
who would administer justice alike to Know
Nothings and anti-Know Nothings, to slavehold-
ers and anti-slavery men. I go for no excep-
tions. When you who oppose Know Nothings
bring up any measure against them, we will give
you a respectful hearing, as we give it to your
opponents; and we do not exclude pro-slavery
advocates. If a measure is introduced for the
establishment of slavery in Nebraska, my right
arm should sooner drop from its socket than that
my vote should be given to prevent a hearing
upon it. I would let you be heard before the
nation, although it is pretty generally understood
that I am opposed to slavery. [Laughter.] My
motto is equal rights, and equal privileges, and
equal justice to all men and all parties. The
Know Nothings can properly demand nothing
more. We can accord to them nothing less. All
who act together must act on these principles.
No other rule can be adopted by those who have
self-respect, and are willing to do unto others as
they would have others do unto them.
Mr. LETCHER. XI will now put the other
question.
Mr. GlDDINGS. No, I am not through yet:
I am only beginning. I say, then, and I wish
the particular attention of the gentleman who pre-
ceded me, that for twenty-three years no petition
coming from the North in favor of freedom in this
District has ever been heard from after it was
committed to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. The rule of the House is, that the
Committee on the District of Columbia shall take
into consideration and report on all such matters
and petitions as shall be referred to them. For
twenty-three years that rule has been violated,
and the parliamentary law trampled under foot.
The rights of the people of the North have been
repudiated and trampled upon; our doors have
been slammed in their faces. This has been done
under Democratic rule.
But let me go further. I regret to say that in
this District, under the laws of the United States,
men rear boys and girls for the market, and sell
them for profit. This revolting practice has been
protected by the Democratic party of this nation.
They have elected Speakers who have constantly
so arranged the Committees on the District of
Columbia that, when petitions came up here pray-
ing that this revolting practice might cease, and
that the people of the free States should no longer
be involved in such abhorrent iniquity, their re-
spectful petitions have been trampled under foot,
and consigned to perpetual silence.
I therefore drafted a resolution that we would
vote for no man for Speaker unless he were
pledged by his character and past conduct to or-
ganize the committees so as to correct this wrong;
who would so arrange the committees as to in-
sure respectful answers to the people's petitions,
whether they came from the North or the South,
from pro-slavery or anti-slavery men.
Now, my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letciier,]
you have asked me one question, and, if you
please, I will ask you one before you put another
to me. Would you vote for a Speaker that you
believed would thus strangle the petitions of the
South ?
Mr. LETCHER. I will vote for a Speaker
who will do his duty fairly and justly.
Mr. GLDDINGS. I never knew my friend to
be astride the fence before. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I will never vote for any
man whose character and conduct are so doubtful
that I must demand pledges -from him that he
will be honest. [Cries of "Good!" <£ Good1]
Mr. GlDDINGS. f call* on this House and
the country to witness the fact that the gentleman
dare not answer my question. I gave him a full,
frank, and candid reply. He, a slaveholder,
evades, dodges, and is unwilling t.o answer the
question I propounded. It is the Democratic
part)' that demands verbal pledges, not Republi-
cans. And now I will ask the Democratic can-
didate, if you please, if he will say that he will
so arrange the committees as to give a respectful
answer to petitions which may be presented on
the subject of the slave trade in this District, or
in regard to the detestable practice of raising men
and women for the market, or will he so arrange
the Committee on the District of Columbia as to
silence those petitions?
Mr. LETCHER. That is an evasion of the
issue. You were to question me.
Mr. GlDDINGS. I have to deal with your
candidate now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You and I are not
equal. You are not a candidate, and I am.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GlDDINGS. That gentleman stands be-
fore the country; the eyes of the nation are upon
him. His party assail me for knowing the views
of one candidate, while neither they nor their
candidate dare answer the question they propound
to me. Their position is a most humiliating one.
Here they stand before the country more dumb
on this subject than becomes American statesmen.
I would never be a candidate if obliged thus to
surrender my independence, and not dare avow
my doctrines. Thank God we present no such
candidate! When interrogated they have an-
swered, and will answer any interrogatories pro-
pounded to them. I ask the House and the coun-
try to bear these facts in mind. Let them go forth
to the people; let history record them; let the
American people understand that neither the can-
didate of the Democratic party nor his supporters
dare answer these questions. Now, I will come
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Jones,]
who spoke of the rights of slaveholders, and
I want to know if he will vote fora man who will
so arrange the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia as to silence the petitions that may be sent
here for the repeal of the laws that authorize the
slave trade in this District? Not so arrange that
committees as that they shall report for the repeal,
but so arrange them that they shall report either for
or against repeal ? Ho refuses to answer. Let
any one of that parry speak. And now I will
propound this question to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia who preceded me, [Mr. Smith,] who spoke
as one having authority.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will take a
word of advice from me 
Mr. GlDDINGS. No, no advice. I ask a
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. But allow me 
Mr. GlDDINGS. Sir, I ask no advice. God
forbid that I should ever be driven to such a
necessity!
Mr. SMITH. I will tell you what I say in
reference to that, but first let me make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. GlDDINGS. No suggestion. Answer
my question—yes or no.
Mr. SMITH. If you wish to know how I
would organize the committees, I can only say
that I would organize them so as to advance the
public business in strict conformity to the Con-
stitution and all its compromises, and none other.
Now, you may make the most of that.
Mr. GIDOlNGS. Now, my friends, mark
this: The gentleman can assail honorable Sena-
tors at a distance when he is perfectly safe from
their answers; he can denounce them, and talk
about the salvation of the Union. Let me tell
him that here is space and verge for the display
of his forensic powers ! He now quails before a
single interrogatory; his proud bearing appears
to have left lum suddenly; he is dumb; like the
lamb before his shearers, he opens not his mouth.
Mr. LETCHER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man has acknowledged that he is the author of
the resolution I have read. I desire to know,
now, whether his present candidate and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] who run up
to eighty-one votes, were understood by him ana
by the caucus to be pledged to an observance of
it ?
Mr. GlDDINGS. I do understand every
northern man who professes the principles of
liberty to be pledged to this doctrine. I did
understand Mr. Campbell and Mr. Banks, by
their public acts, by their whole conduct, to have
been pledged to carry out the doctrine of that
resolution. I so regarded every man that has
been named as a candidate by my political asso-
ciates, as pledged by their public actions and by
all their professions in favor of the doctrine laid
down in that resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. Did the caucus adopt this
resolution?
Mr. GlDDINGS.
Mr. LETCHER.
Mr. GlDDINGS.
conference.
Mr. LETCHER.
lution ?
Mr. GlDDINGS. They did, with perfect
unanimity. I desire that the gentleman and the
American people shall understand that they did
adopt it without a dissenting voice.
Mr. LETCHER. Were Messrs. Campbell
and Banks there ?
Mr. GlDDINGS. Thev were not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of "Ohio. Will my col-
league allow me to say a word?
Mr. GlDDINGS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to state this fact,
that no resolution, no test of that kind, was pre-
sented to me by any person, or from any caucus
or meeting.
Mr. GlDDINGS. No, sir. God forbid that
it should have been presented, or that I should
have voted for any man who I did not know and
believe in my heart and conscience was an advo-
cate of that very doctrine.
There was no caucus.
Was there a meeting, then ?
There was a meeting for
Did they adopt that reso-
