1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
34tl\ Cong.... 1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Jones, of Penn., Mr. Cox, etc.
Ho. op Reps.
House, are such as to render it wholly impos-
sible for those Americans who agree with them j
in a single sentiment, to effect that object; but j
that if the Democrats who agree with the na-
tional American party upon this great question
should act with them, they can succeed in organ-
izing the House. Whether I shall succeed in
making this impression upon members, I am of t
course unable to say.
During the course of the discussion yesterday,
and after I had attempted to state these positions
to the House as to the difficulties which have
arisen in the organization of the House and the
election of a Speaker, the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] stated—I pre-
sume by authority—that there were obstacles in
the way of the Democrats supporting a member
of the American order. One of these obstacles, I
understood him to say, was that, in the opinion
of the Democratic party, the American organiza-
tion entertained opinions hostile to civil and reli-
gious freedom. I intend to notice that in a few
moments; but before I do so I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] to a single fact which occurred in
the discussion a few days a o, and to a principle
involved in a question. I stated the grpund
which the American party has taken on the
subject of slavery agitation, namely, that it is
inexpedient and improper for Congress to legis-
late on the subject at ail, and that its agitation
should cease by an utter driving out of Congress
of legislation on everything connected with sla-
very, and leave the question alone to the locality
where it properly belongs, and to the municipal
laws of the States. I understood that to be the
position assumed by the Democratic party of the
House on this subject.
A few days $go my-honorable colleague from
Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Marshall] asked
the honorable "gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Jones,] whether he indorsed the doctrines
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, in reference to
squatter sovereignty. That question grew out
of a seeming dissatisfaction on the part of the
Democratic party with the American party, in
reference to the soundness of that party. They J
were desirous of requiring of them some of their
constitutional opinions upon the question of
slavery; to know how they stood upon the sub- j
ject of the Kansas and Nebraska bill; whether
they regarded it as constitutional or not, and
what powers Congress had conferred upon the ,
people of the Territories by that act. j
Now, sir, we care nothing about asking a man '
for his constitutional opinions. Whatever they •
are lie is entitled to them, and may enjoy them
freely. All we ask is, whether he approve of i
the principle of this bill as a question of expe-
diency to stop agitation? That is all I require,
and that, so far as I know, is all that is asked
by any man belonging to the party with which I
act at the South, or any man from the North.
But gentlemen seem desirous to know what are
our constitutional opinions upon the principle
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. The question
was asked, do we recognize the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty?
Now, I understand the doctrine of squatter
sovereignty, as put forth by the gentleman from
Kentucky, to be this: that Congress conferred
upon the people of the Territory that sovereignty;
that Congress gives to the people of the Terri-
tories the power either to admit or to exclude
slavery, as they may think proper. How does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones]
understand it?
• Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I am exceed-
ingly sorry that I am not able to make myself
understood. I assure the gentleman that it is
not from any want of desire or effort to do so
upon my part. I have looked over the printed
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, made
the other day in connection with my own, and I
am there correctly made to say that I concur with
his construction, and do not recognize a squatter
sovereignty at all with such powers, as defined
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] When he said, in answer to my ques-
tion, that he did not believe Congress had the
power to confer upon the inhabitants of a Ter-
ritory the right either to abolish or establish
slavery there, prior to the formation of a State
constitution, that gentleman understood me to
say that I concurred with him in that opinion.
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman from ;
Pennsylvania to take the position, that Congress !
has no power to confer upon the people of any
Territory the power either to abolish or establish
slavery tnere, and that the people of the Territory
did not possess that right naturally. I so under-
stood the gentleman, and for that reason I asked
him, to know if I correctly understood him.
Mr. JONES. I so intended to be understood,
but the gentleman has not gone far enough.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania believe that Congress has no power to
conferupon the people of a Territory the power i
to establish slavery ? ■ j
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will allow me, ]
I will explain my position fully. I will answer '•
his question. The question put to me the other
day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] was: " Do you believe Congress pos-
sesses the power to declare freedom in Kansas j
Territory?" i
Mr.GIDDINGS. I said, " restore freedom." i
Mr. JONES. Very well, " restore freedom." I
I answered this question then. But I will tell i
the gentleman again exactly what 1 do believe. I
believe the whole power of this Government
over a Territory, while it remains in a territorial
condition, grows out of the proprietary right of
the Government as a landed proprietor under :!
the Constitution; and I believe that Congress
has the power to confer upon the people of a Ter-
ritory the right to legislate upon the subject of
slavery when they are forming their organic law j
preparatory to its admission into the Union as a i
sovereign State; but prior to that time, they ti
have no right either to establish or abolish slavery. ! ■
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman per- ;
fectly, so far as that is concerned. Now let me ;
ask the gentleman another question. i
Mr. JONES. One word more, if my honorable !
friend from Kentucky will allow me. I believe :
the General Government has no power to confer 1.
upon the people of a Territory jurisdiction upon ;
the subject of slavery as to its establishment or
abolition under the Constitution, except to be
exercised in one way, and that way is, as I have ; i
said, through the organic law, when they come ;
and ask admission into the Union. Congress j,
has no power over the subject except as a landed
proprietor; and in virtue of that power they have
no right to make general regulations touching the
existence of slavery. That is my position upon |
the subject, find I hope I am now understood. ;1
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman per-
fectly. And now will the gentleman pardon me ,
for asking him another question? 1 desire to
know whether the gentleman believes that the ||
laws established by the Legislature of the Terri- I j
tory of Kansas are, under the Constitution of the !:
United States, null and void? "
Mr. JONES. Certainly, I will answer the
question; and I think what I have already said
must make my opinion evident upon that ques-
tion. I have saia already, that, in my opinion,
the Constitution limits the power of Congress to
the extent of prohibiting them either from estab-
lishing or of abolishing slavery in the Territories.
Admitting that view to be correct, I suppose it
follows, as a matter of course, that the Constitu-
tion of the United States confers upon the people
of the Territory no right to dispossess any man
of his right to property, whether it be slave pr any
other property. And, therefore, the Legislative
Council of a Territory, though they may pass laws
regulating the disposal and protection of property,
have no right so to administer those laws as
either to establish or abolish the right to hold that
property.
Mr, COX. I understand the gentleman, then,
as saying that the laws of Kansas, so far as the '!
establishment of the right to property in slaves is j j
concerned he asserts, as a statesman and lawyer, i
are void. So far as merely making rules and regu- \
lations for the government of that property is con- i j
cerned, they have the right to make laws,but not
to establish the right of ownership to such prop- jj
erty. I understand the gentleman, however, to J
say, that by the Constitution of the United States, j
Congress having no power over the subject of J i
defining what is and what is not property, if a
slaveholder goes to the Territory of Kansas with
his slaves, he still holds them as property, and may
claim the right of protection for that property.
Mr. JONES. Undoubtedly. The Govern-
ment recognizes as property what it finds there
as such, having no power to say whether it is or
is not property. I think my friend from Ken-
tucky agrees with me there.
Mr. COX. Certainly, I do.
Mr. JONES. Then he is sound thus far; I
was apprehensive yesterday that he was not
perfectly sound upon that question.
Mr. COX. I asked the question for the pur-
pose of better illustrating the ground taken by
Democrats on the stump in the late election—in
not one, but several of the States of this Union.
I understand that the ground was taken, during
the late canvass for legislative offices, by Nebras-
ka Democrats North, and, if I am not correct
gentleman can correct me, that Congress, by the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, had conferred
on the people of the Territory power to establish
or abolish slavery; and that in this regard the
North had the advantage, because it could pour
in population more rapidly than the South, and
thus prevent Kansas or Nebraska ever becoming
slave territory. In short, I understand that the
ground was taken before the people that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was a measure in favor of
freedom. Yet the gentlemen of the party which
took that ground before the people, and who call
themselves Kansas-Nebraska Democrats, now
come here and declare that they stand and have
stood upon exactly the same platform with the
Democratic party South. I know that the Dem-
ocratic party South stand upon a firm and solid
platform on this question. As I have already
stated, I have been thus informed, and, without
having the pleasure of an acquaintance with the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] he
will pardon me if I ask him a question or two.
He will state, it is suggested to me, whether it is
true or not, that the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, in stumping the State on the Nebraska-
Kansas question, did make the argument and
assume the ground to which I have made refer-
ence ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Clerk, I will answer
the question of the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky as briefly as I can. I was of opinion
that the due effect of the Kansas-Nebraska act
was to allow slaveholders to go into the Territo-
ries with their slave property, and to receive there
that protection, by virtue of the Constitution,
which they do with that property upon the high
seas and under the flag of the Union. I brought
that as one of the charges against the measure,
not that I was in favor of the doctrine, but I con-
tended that that was the effect of the act. My
opponent denounced me as being a southern
Calhoun man, and one who took the extreme
southern ground. I was so represented, as I
understood, by my opponent, and also by the
distinguished Senator from my district. Now, I
do not wish to be understood as indorsing that
doctrine. I merely stated that, in my judgment,
that would be the fair and legitimate effect of the
Kansas and Nebraska act, and that that was the
reason of my opposition to the measure.
Mr. COX. I was also informed that the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan also took the
ground stated, and that it was the ground as-
sumed by the Democratic party of the State of
Michigan. Is that true?
Mr. HOWARD. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will state further, that I was chal-
lenged by my opponent to discuss with him
before the people the principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. After being a good deal badgered
with the imputation that I dared not take up the
fauntlet which had been thrown to mo, I did
nally screw up my courage to meet my oppo-
nent upon the stump in the four counties compos-
ing my district; ana the sentiments which I have
stated were the very ones brought out in that dis-
cussion from my opponent, face to face, eye to
eye, with him.
And, Mr. Clerk, I will go further and say,
that, so far as I know, there are but two parties
in my congressional district, Qne of them repre?
sents squatter so^rfignty in the sense which i
