mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ&&
July 16,
that'these $3,000,000 are indispensable, I would
vote tie thirty millions for the purpo.se. I would
vote*%ree hundred millions if necessary. We
do not know that we shall always be at peace; I
trust in Heaven that we may be; but it is the
part of wisdom, the part of prudence and the
part of patriotism, to be prep'ared for emergencies.
This is a peace measure. Let the nations of the
earth know that wo are in a condition to defend
ourselves from any attack they may make upon
us, and, my word for it, they will deliberate long,
cautiously, and carefully, before they make up
their minds to enter into a collision with us.
These are the facts which I proposed to pre-
sent to the Senate. I do not know that it is
necessary for me to present any more. One
point more, and I think I shall have done with
this question.
The Senator from New Hampshire referred to
the profligacy of this extravagant Administra-
tion—and God knows they have spent money
enough—but it comes with a very bad grace from
a man on this floor to be railing against the Admin-
istration for its profligacy, when it is known to all
of us that the President capnot spend the money
Unless we appropriate it. Now, how far the
Senator from New Hampshire is responsible for
this profligacy, I do not know. I take my full
'hare of it. 1 have voted upon all occasions, I
believe, without exception, for every appropria-
tion asked for that looked to the defense of the
country.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from New
Hampshire has not been here during the time
this Administration has been in power.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He was not here
last year, but I think he was here during a por-
tion of the time of this Administration.
Mr. SEWARD. Only this session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then T suppose
he is not responsible, but we are responsible.
The Congress of the United States is responsible.
That is where I want to fix the responsibility.
We are all responsible, more or less—some for
one appropriation, some for another. I take my
full share. I believe I am about as profligate as
anybody here, and 1 have never failed or refused
yet, and as long as I am here (which will not be
very long, 1 take it for granted from the sigg^pf
the political times) I shall never fail to vovMRie
last dollar in the Treasury whenever I am satis-
fied that it is necessary for the defenses of the
country.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
§12,000,000 have been expended for these pur-
poses last year, and he fell into a most extraor-
dinary error there. I am sorry that lie is not
here to correct himself, because I do not believe
that he meant either to misrepresent or to do in-
justice to anybody. I think it was an evidence
of the truth of his candid confession at the be-
ginning, that he did not know much about what
he said. This is the statement to which I allude:
" This manufacture has been going on—1 have only given
you a very small sample—in ibis unprecedented manner
A million of dollars a month ha-j been expended by the
Secretary during the whole year, for the expends of Ins
Department amount to $1*2,000,000. With tins enonnoti^
manufacture of anus he now comes and a.-ks lor $3,000,000
in addition to the very many millions lie has already had.
Now, ^ir, I put it to the donate and to the country—[ put
it emphatically to tlio^e members of the Senate who mean
to airaign the present Administration in the coimm? cam-
paign for its profligacy, its euiavauancc, and its gio^ ex-
penditure of the public money, and I them if they are
willing to take the ie>jiori*.ihihi> of voting this additional
sum to the President und^r these eireunivtanees 5"
He calls on all here who intend to oppose this
Administration and to arraign it on the score of
its profligacy and extravagance, to know whether
or not they are prepared to vote these $3,000,000 ?
How far that may be just, or generous, or liberal,
or magnanimous, I leave the Senator to determine
for himself. It strikes me as a very strange and
extraordinary argument to be addressed to the
gentlemen of this body, acting here upon their
responsibilities to the country. Will you be
deterred from voting an appropriation for the
defense of the country, because you desire to
attack the Administration on the score of extrav-
agance^ That may comport with the notions of
patriotism entertained by some gentlemen, but it
does not come up to the standard which I have
erected for myself. I am ready tflt&ttaek this or
any other Administration when it is wrong, but
I shall not be driven from voting appropriations
necessary for the defense of the country, because
they afford an occasion and a pretext for attack-
ing the Administration. '
But, sir, in what I have just read the Senator
assumes a very strange position. His remarks
convey the impression that $ 12,ti00,000 have been
expended in the manufacture of arms during the
last year. Is that so? Nothing could be more
foreign to the fact. The truth is, that only
$1,100,000 a year has been expended during the
last ten years for the purchase and manufacture
of arms, and of that sum $200,000 has been
appropriated to the distribution of arms among
the States, leaving the small amount of #900,000
a year for the construction, manufacture, and
repair of arms, and the purchase of ammunition.
Instead of $12,000,000 a year, the amount falls
below $1,000,000. Instead of $12,000,000 it is
but $900,000.
But, Mr. President, 1 perceive that the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is becoming impatient, and therefore, with this
brief presentation of the facts, I submit the ques-
tion to the Senate. I believe the appropriation
to be demanded by the best interests of the coun-
try, for its secu^Mta|for its peace, for its protec-
tion when warijBp come, and therefore I am
ready to vote for the bill.
Mr.WELLER. 1 now move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until Mon-
day.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from California whether the amendment
which was promised when the bill was under
consideration some time ago has been proposed
or printed ?
Mr. WELLER. The amendment was pre-
sented and adopted, but the bill lias not been
printed since the amendment was offered. There
will be some very material amendments submitted
on Monday, and therefore we shall gain nothing
by printing the bill now.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 16, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in
order to be on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. CaiMPBEll,] to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to the preamble to the resolutions reported
by the select committee in the matter of the
assault on Senator Sumner.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
on the subject of the alteration of the cent coinage;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENVER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back Senate
bill No. 327, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. I ask that this bill may be now
received, for various reasons.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, and Mr. DEAN,
objected, and called for the regular order of
business.
THE ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Understanding
that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] wishes to be heard on the motion to re-
consider, I will withdraw the motion to lay that
motion on the table for the present, with the ex-
pectation of renewing it after the gentleman from
South Carolina shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. KEITT then addressed the House for an
hour. He concluded by saying that he had sent
his resignation to the Governor of South Carolina,
to take effect when he announced it to the House,
and that he was no longer a member of this Con-
! gress. Mr. K. then retired from the Hall. His
speech will appear in the Appendix. i
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I renew,my mo*
tion to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the preambljOp the resolutions
wa-s adopted. W*
■ The question was taken; and the motion wad
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. -
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web*-
stee, his Private Secretary.
Also, a message notifying the House that, the
President had approved and signed an act (H. JEt;
No. 13) granting the right of way to the St. Lduis
and Iron Mountain railroad through .the arsenal.,
magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing tha\
the Senate had passed an act toamefrd an act en-
titled " x\n attt to promote the efficiency of th«
Navy;" in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed ap*bill of this
House, for the construction of a road from Fori
Ridgley, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, iff lh« Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and
a joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act to grant to L. J. Horner and children
a section of land in Oregon;
An act for the reftef of the legal representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased;
An act for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jeffer-
son county, Virginia; *
An act for the relief of Captain J. P. Hatch,
of the United States Army; and
Joint resolution for the relief of Dr. William
P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in
the Mexican war.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now call up
for consideration the report of the Committee of
Elections on the contested-election case from the
State of Illinois, between Messrs. Archer and
Allen.
The resolutions reported by the Committee of
Elections were read, as follows:
Resolved, That James C. Allen was not elected, and is
not entitled to a seat m this House.
Resolved, That William B. Archer was elected, and i3
entitled to a seat in this House.
Mr. WASHBURN then briefly addressed the
House in support of the report of the committee.
Mr. ALLEN followed, and sppke for an hour
in defense of his right to the seat. The speeches
are withheld for revision, and will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. EDIE. I do not desire to make a speech.
I merely wish to announce to the House that I
have paired off for a week from next Monday
with the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr.
Orr, and that my colleague, Mr. Millward, has
paired off for the next week with the gentleman
from South Carolina, Mr. Boyce.
Mr. CUMBACK. I ask the consent of the
House to present a couple of petitions, that they
may be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it necessary to bring
them in here ?
The SPEAKER protemporey (Mr. "Wakeman.)
The Chair is of opinion that it is not necessary.
Mr. WASHBURN. I object Co everything
out of order.
Mr. ALLEN. I will say to the House that I
shall, if there be no objection, publish with my
remarks some additional statements.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois,and to the House, that the contest-
ant will be very happy, if the House will consent,
that the gentleman from Illinois shall be permitted
to go on and make any further statements upon
this question which he desires to make, so that
the contestant may have an opportunity of hear-
ing here all that he desires to say. If the House
will consent, that will be entirely agreeable to the
contestant. [Cries of u Agreed!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not object, as the
