December 18,
; Mr. BANKS. Iv have no part or concern in
the conversation going onbetween the gentleman
from Virginia and the gentleman from Ohio; but
I desire tosay, so far as I am concerned, that I never
knew that any such resolution was adopted, that
I never attended any caucus, conference, or meet-
ing where such a resolution was presented; that
I have never made any pledge; and that I stand
tmeommit'ted, and prepared to do what is right
and just wherever 1 may be called to act, accord-
ing to ray own convictions.
Mr GIDDINGS. There is no doubt .ibhut
that, and I desire the country to understand it.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will pardon
me for interrupting him again just at this point.
It seems that neither the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,Vnor the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who have been before
the House as candidates for Speaker, had any
knewledge whatever of this resolution. Now I
desire to know, if the record of their lives and of
•their public conduct as members of this House,
was so distinct, so emphatic, leaving so little
room for doubt and difficulty, why was the reso-
lution, proclaiming that the candidate must be
pledged, adopted -by this meeting.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I answer roost distinctly,
that we came here .composed of different political
parties, having_ heretofore professed different
views and sentiments, and it was necessary to
have some common principle upon which we
could agree. It was further resolved, that it was
no objection to any man that he belonged to the
American party, provided that he stood commit-
ted to these sentiments. Let mo say to the gentle-
roan, [Mr. Letcher,] who denounces the Know
Nothing party, that that would be no objection to
him, provided he stood upon this common ground
of principle. We should not ask him whether he
belonged to the Democratic, the Whig, the Re-
publican, or the Know Nothing party. When
he shall plant himself upon the principle of that
resolution, we will even accept the gentleman from
Virginia. True I should regard his conversion
as a miracle much greater than the conversion of
Paul, [laughter;] yet we would even accept him.
We exclude no man for what he has been. The
question is, "how do you now stand ?"
Let me say to gentlemen, we are each of us
now writing our biography with more rapidity
than we generally imagine. Coining generations,
looking back upon this time and seeing these
principles adopted by the American people, will
rejoice, and their hearts swell with thankfulness,
that there were, men at this day who stood forth
bo proudly and firmly in favor of these principles
*)f justice, liberty, and the Constitution.'
And now, gentlemen, I will come to a more
minute part of my subject, if my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher.] has got through asking
questions.
Mr. LETCHER. I have got all I want to go
to my section of the country with.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, my friend, with what
emotions I hear that word 1' section/" Instead of
looking to the good and for the approval of com-
ing generations, men are always looking over
their shoulders to see if the devil is not coming
after them. (Laughter.] When will men learn
that we are not sent here to cavil on mere sectional
issues. Gentlemen of the Democratic party, 1
say again, in your attempt to extend this sectional
institution, you have called down the vengeance
of the American people upon your heads. The !|
handwriting upon the wall has been seen and ii
read of all men. Your history is written, and j
your doom is sealed; the sentence pronounced I
against you, "depart, ye cursed." [Laughter.] !
You need not trouble yourselves about our petty 1
difficulties. We will take care of them; you can- I
not help us. We can do without you. We have-
a working majority in this House against you. '
When organized we shall raise the standard of
united opposition to your party. Indeed, whether
we elect a Speaker or not, we shall unite in oppo-
sition to your Kansas-Nebraska bill, and to its
principles.
l!o much has been said here about Republicans,
and Abolitionists, and Know Nothings, that I
want to define terms. I have already given my
views upon Republicanism. They are expressed
111 language of that immortal instrument to
which I have referred—the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, which shall continue to increase in the
brightness of its glory as long as freedom' shall
be sustained. That is the foundation of my Re-
publicanism, as it is that of a vast majority of the
Whigs and Know Nothings of the North. You,
gentlemen of the Democratic party, stand forth
here denying this doctrine. You say men are
not endowed by their Creator with the inalien-
able right of liberty. You can maintain your
position in the States, as we cannot interfere with
it there; we have no authority within your sev-
eral State jurisdictions, and we seek to exercise
none. But when you ask us to extend slavery,
we answer, with the patriots of 1776, that we hold
that this Federal Government was constituted for
the protection of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. You deny these doctrines, while we
affirm and reiterate them. You, who call your-
selves Democrats, pronounce your anathemas
against Jefferson, the apostle of Democracy, and
turn over his memory and principles to the Re-
publicans and the Know Nothings of this nation,
and say you have formed a new basis upon which
this Government shall be administered.
I now come to the more immediate issue made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Jones,] of whom I always speak with respect.
He says the Know Nothings and the Republi-
cans in Pennsylvania are the same. I xinder-
stand my friend on tl;e left [Mr. Allison] says
they are the same. Am I right in that?
Mr. JONES. I only reply that it is so, as
they tell us. ,
Mr. GIDDINGS. You can never find better
authority under heaven than the word of those
who profess the doctrines. [Laughter.] I now
ask my friend on the left [Mr. Allison] if that
is what he understood on that argument?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Now, then, I ask the gen-
tleman over the way [Mr. Campbell, of Penn-
sylvania] if that is what he understood as Re-
publicanism in Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CAMPBELL.. I have explained myself
fully on that point.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understood thegentleman
so. I only put the question for the purpose of
reaffirmation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My sentiments were per-
fectly expressed, but if the gentleman will yield
me the floor I will repeat them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, I so understood them,
[laughter,] to be sure; and now I want to ask
my friend here, [Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania.]
are you, sir, opposed to the restoration of liberty
to Kansas ? Say it right out. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do not know that I under-
stand the gentleman's question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely want my friend to
say here before the country—I carp not about
names—are you in favor of slavery ill Kansas,
or are you in favor of restoring liberty there by
national law?
A Voice. That's the question.
Mr. JONES. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure.
A M embek. Restoring it by national law, of
course.
Mr. J ONES. I am, through the Declaration of
Independence, in favor of liberty everywhere.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. JONES. I am in favor of liberty in my
own country, and under an obligation which is
higher with me than anything on earth. 1 mean
to stand by constitutional liberty, and I know no
higher law.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That's it.
Mr. JONES. Now I do not mean to shirk
the question. I am in favor of liberty in Kansas
just as much as the Constitution allows, and not
one particle more. The bill which I voted for
secures that liberty, and by it I am willing to
stand to the last.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then my friend insists that,
the Constitution prohibits our giving freedom to !
Kansas. Is that it?
Mr. JONES. My reply is, the Constitution
does not prohibit our giving freedom to Kansas,
and she has it under the Constitution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want no prevarication or
evasion. I say, I understood my friend [Mr.
Jones] to declare that by national law we had not
the constitutional power to restore liberty to the
people of Kansas.
Mr.. JONES. Well, I■ will answer my friend
from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is what I want.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to answer him cat-
egorically.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The very thing I want.
Mr. JONES. I do not know how to get at it
better than by saying this, that the question of
slavery—for that is what it is 
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is what I say.
Mr. JONES. The question of slavery is a
question which I deny that Congress has the
right to decide, in the sense in which the gentle-
man from Ohio speaks of it; but I am in favor
of that law which gives it to the free white citi-
zens of Kansas, or any other Territory, to settle
that question for themselves.
Several Members, (approvingly.) That is it.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL, of Ken-
tucky. I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J ones] whether I understand the principles
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill for which the Dem-
ocratic caucus pledges its members, are to be ex-
tended 
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) My friend
from Kentucky will permit me, with all possible
kindness, to interrupt him.
A Member Oh, let him ask his question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, my friends, I now
better the courtesy of debate than to say that
gentlemen have a right to step in and take the
floor from me. I would yield it with all pos-
sible pleasure to that gentleman, if I did not see
that he wants to propound a question to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] which
would get up a discussion on another point than
that on which I now am speaking.
I was then saying that my friend [Mr. Jones]
denies that we have the right to prohibit slavery
in Kansas under the Constitution. I want to
meet him here. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do say that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to have this issue
proclaimed before the American people. 1 ask
his attention to what constitutes slavery. Asouth-
ern jurist has said, " A slave is one doomed in his
own perscta and posterity to live without knowl-
edge; to toil, that another may reap the benefits
of his labor; the object is the master's gain; the
instrnment, the perfect subjection of the slave."
In the case in which this was said, the master
had shot his slave; and let me say to the gentle-
man, that wherever slavery exists, the right of
self-defense is taken from the slave—that right
with which nature and nature's God endowed
him. Unless you take from the slave the right to
defend his person and liberty against his master,
he is not a slave; and therefore it is that wherever
slavery exists this right is taken from the slave.
Now here are slaveholding gentlemen, and
they cannot.be mistaken whether this is the law
in every slaveholding State of the Union. Now,
this act of killing slaves by the master is, in ray
opinion, the vilest tyranny, the most perfect des-
potism which ever cursed the footstool of God.
It is a legalization of murder;it is putting author-
ity into the hands of an individual to inflict capital
punishment upon his feUow-men. Without re-
sponsibility to the tribunals of the country, he
sits m judgment, declares the sentence, and exe-
cutes it by taking the life of his slave. And
while we punish by our own laws the people of
Kansas for stealing a horse, for stealing money,
or for robbery, my friend [Mr. Jones] denies
that we have a right to prohibit this murder of a
slave. Now I want my friend to say, whether
he denies our right to prohibit the killing of a
slave in Kansas ?
Mr. JONES. I answer my friend by saying
this: I do not know how 1 could make it more ap-
paieiit. Pie [Mr. Giddings] is a citizen of the
btate of Ohio. Now, I am willing to accord to
every citizen of Kansas just the same right and
power which lie possesses on that question as
a citizen of Ohio. I understand that the people
of Ohio have the power and the right to estab-
lish to-morrow or to abolish slavery. I tell him
that I just go for giving a resident of Kansas
the same amount of power and liberty under the
Constitution of the United States—no more and
no less.
And does not my friend
[Mr. J ones] see where he is? Has he not by his
own vote here spread over Kansas the criminal
