1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-ft*?
gentleman from Illinois is one of the parties inter-
ested in this controversy; but otherwise I should
object. *
Mr. NORTON. I trust that when the leave is
given to my colleague, it will also be understood
that the contestant shall have leave to make any
statements to the House that he desires to make.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Before the gentleman
from Illinois proceeds, I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections if he designs
pressing these resolutiQjis to a vote this evening?
^ Mr. WASHBURN. I hope that what discus-
sion is to take place on the resolutions, will take
place this evening. I do not propose that a vote
shall be taken upon the resolutions this evening,
but I give notice that, when the discussion shall
have closed to-day, I will move to postpone the
further consideration of the question until to-mor-
row at one o'clock, when, if I can get the floor,
I shall move the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Maine, thatit should be the gen-
eral understanding that he shall not call up this
matter in the morning until the committees shall
have been called one hour for reports; then let
him move the previous question, and dispose of
these resolutions.
Mr. NORTON. I hope this debate will not be
closed to-morrow at one o'clock. This is an in-
teresting case, and an important one to the people
of Illinois. I wish to be heard upon it, but there
is very little prospect of my being heard by the
House this evening, and I prefer to be heard in
the morning.
Mr. WASHBURN. Let the gentleman go on
now, and make his speech.
Mr. NORTON. I should prefer not to go on
now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel it due to say, that so
far as I am concerned, I shall in the morning de-
mand the regular order of business. If this mat-
ter is the regular order, I shall insist on proceed-
ing with it at once in the morning.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 desire to say to the House
that I am too much fatigued to speak any more
this afternoon, and will not, therefore, avail my-
self of the leave of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the contest-
ant will be permitted, if he desires it, to address
the House. If it be necessary, I will make a
motion that he be permitted to address the
House now.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know if it is the
purpose of the gentleman from Alabama to con-
fine the contestant to the present time, or shall
he speak at his option ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Let him speak the same
time as the sitting member. I did not intend by
my motion, to limit him to any time, but only to
give him an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. NORTON. I understood that unanimous
consent was given, some time ago, that the con-
testant should be heard.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
understood.
Mr. STEPHENS. As no gentleman seems
inclined to go on this evening, I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN. When I called for the
yeas and nays, I understood that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Allen] desired to continue
his remarks this evening, but he has given up
any such idea. 1 do not interpose any objection
to the adjournment.
Mr. ALLEN. It would afford me much
pleasure to speak to one or two more points, but
I am exhausted, and unable to proceed.
Several Members. Let us notadjourn,but go
on with this case.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Allen] is exhausted, and unable to go on,
and yet he is called to proceed with his speech
this evening, if he intends to make any further
remarks under the consent granted by the House.
When the contestant is granted leave to address
the House, he is not to proceed to-night. Oh,
no i his remarks are to be postponed until to-
morrow. My motion was an honest and a candid
one; and if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Allen] desires to continue his remarks, I do not
understand why there should be objection.
Mr. MATTESON. If there are none others
to address the House except the contestant and
the sitting member, I hope the House will adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
before the House is a motion to adjourn. *
Mr. COBB, of Gr,eorgia. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to'ad-
journ, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
' three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned until
to-morrow at twelve o'clc^k, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 17, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a copy of a letter of the
27th November, 1854, from the Commissioners
of the United States m China, and of the regu-
lations, orders, and decrees which accompanied
it, for such revision thereof as Congress may
deem expedient, pursuant to the sixth section of
the act approved 11th August, 1848; which was
referred to the Committee QjUF'oreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed;JBP
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of
George Washington Greene, praying Congress
to authorize a subscription to a work which he
proposes to publish, containing the correspond-
ence of Major General Greene, of the army of
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. FISII presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the petition of J. Hosford Smith; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PITGH presented the petition of J. H.
Piatt, praying that the pension due to Lewis
Piatt, a revolutionary soldier, may be paid to his
heirs; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George Col-
vin, who was a soldier in the Indian war of 1794
and 1795, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of T. Winslow
Gordon, in behalf of the American Medical Asso-
ciation, praying Congress to make an appropria-
tion, and to appoint a committee for the purpose
of investigating the etiology and pathology of
epidemic cholera; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
A motion to print the .memorial was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of Robert M.
Stratton and others, praying that they may be
authorized to contract with the Government for
carrying the United States mails between New
York, St. Thomas, Barbadoes, Demarara, and
Para, m first-class steamships; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads.
DRAMATIC COPYRIGHT LAW.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to move a reconsideration of the bill which was
passed yesterday for the amendment of the copy-
right law, with a view to the correction of gram-
matical errors merely, the correction of which is
essential in order to make the bill intelligible. I
move the reconsideration for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment is to insert
after the words, "perforin or represent," the
words, " thesame,"aiidafterthe word "cause,"
the word " it."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 239) supplemental to an act entitled " An
act to amend the several acts respecting copyrights,
approved February 3, 1851," as amended, was
passed.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD,
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to lay on the table a
joint resolution, which I shall call up at some
time to suit the convenience of the Senate.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint reso-
lution; which was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading. It is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That, by the Constitution of the United
Ftate<3, < in all criminal prosecutions the accused shall entov
tpe right to a>-peedyand pufelic trial," siid ".to be informed
ot trie matter and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted
with the witnesses againsthim; to have eompuJbory process
for obtaining witnesses m his favor."
j>d. M be it further resolved, That it is abhorrent fo.tbe
principles of natural justice, fatal to the security of life,
liberty, reputation, and property, that anv person should
sit m judgment on either, who has a direct and substantial
interest in the conviction of the accused. ' -
3d. be it further resolved, That uvitl'ier Congress nor
any other Federal authority can deprive any ciuzen of the
United States of these inestimable rights.
4th. Resolved, That the finding of the late naval board,
approved and executed by the President of the United
States, in the case of Lieutenant Washington A. Bartlett.
violated these constitutional rights of the accused, and is
therefore null, void, and of no effect.
EXTENSION OF CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to make a report from "f
the Committee on the District of Columbia. A
communication from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, relative to the purchase of certain lots
adjacent to the Capitol grounds, and the priest
at which they are held by the owners, was som'e .'wfc
time since referred to that committee with in- '
structions to make certain inquiries. They have
had the subject under consideration, and have
instructed me to report that they will move an
amendment for that purpose to the civil appropri-
ation bill when it shall be under consideration.
The amendment is rather long, and I present it
now, so that it may be printed and laid on the "
desks of members.
Mr. PRATT. I would suggest that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings, if
that course meets the approval of the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to its
taking that reference, so that it be printed. We
had to take cognizance of the subject, inasmuch
as it was referred to us.
The amendment was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution rel-
ative to the building for the custom-house and
post office at Toledo, in the State of Ohio; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
386) to amend the several acts now in force in
relation to the Patent Office; which was read a
first time.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Patents, although they have reported a
general bill, have some amendments under con-
sideration. I therefore move to refer this bill to
the Committee on Patents, and that it be printed.
The bill was read a second time, referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Oifice, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I move to postpone the prior
orders, with a view of taking up the business of
the District of Columbia. If the motion prevails,
I shall first ask for the consideration of the bill
i in reference to the District armory.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to interfere
with the District business. I wish to proceed
with that, as this day was set apart for it, but I
should like a short executive session. I move,
therefore, that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi yield the floor?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cgllom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jefferson
An act i'oMBR-elief of Captain J. P. Hatch, of
r the reli
county, ViiafiRj;
An act foHfirre.
the United States Army;
