1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mr. Jones of Penn., Mr. Cox.
Ho. op Reps.
upon the other side of the House, if I am farther j
Called upon I shall take the liberty, at some
proper time, to occupy the floor of tlie House in
the discussion of those questions, and to make
myself understood before the country. Now
the gentleman from Kentucky asks me a question,
and the gentleman from Ohio rises ana draws
some nice distinctions. He states that the con-
struction put upon the Kansas-Nebraska bill in
his State was different from the construction
which I put upon it. Now, I ask my friend from
Ohio, if he cannot find half a dozen constructions
put upon the term, "squatter sovereignty?"
There are various opinions as to the meaning of
this term "squatter;"let him define the meaning
of the term " sovereignty." The word " sover- ■
eignty " might afford a text for a speech of an ,
hour and a half, and yet leave it unexhausted. j
But my friend over the way said that my con- |
Btituents took the position that the people of the i
Territory of Kansas had no power over the sla- '
very question. I did not say any such thing. If
I were upon the stump in my district, I should say
to my constituents that the squatter sovereignty
principle, as applied to Kansas and Nebraska by
the ]\ebraska bill, does give the power to the
inhabitants of that Territory to abolish or to
establish slavery; but it can only be done in one
way; and I say that the people of Kansas may,
to-morrow, if they wish, establish slavery or
abolish it, by calling a convention of its people to
form a State constitution, and apply for admis-
sion into the Union; and if they are entitled to
admission, having complied with the requisites
of the Constitution, they will be admitted. They
have it in their power, at any time, to take such
a step. j
Another remark. I was going to say to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] while he was
in great tribulation yesterday about the dissolu- I
tion of theUnion, that I know of only one remedy j
for it. If his friends will join with the Demo-
cratic party in executing, in good faith, the Kan- !
sas-Nebraska bill, you will not hear another word !
about the dissolution of the Union for the next
ten years. Using the words " popular sover- |
eignty" in that sense, and being sincere, what'
could better effect the constitutional abolition of I
slavery in the different States and Territories, !
than by leaving it to the people in framing their j
constitution ? If it be the will of the people of j
Kentucky to abolish slavery, who doubts their i
power to do it? Does any man say that the i
firinciple is a limitation of the extent of freedom ? i
f the people of Kansas want to abolish slavery, I
what is to prevent them, when they have a suf- j
ficient number of inhabitants, from calling a con- !
vention to form a State constitution, and in that;
constitution prohibiting slavery ? Will my friend j
from Ohio say that this is not the most effective
■way of abolishing slavery, if it be the wish of
the majority of the people, constitutionally ex-
pressed, to abolish it?
_ I repeat that I do not deny the power to estab-
lisJi or abplish slavery in Kansas, or any other ;
Territory. _ I only say there is but one legitimate !
mode of doing it, and until the people are prepared
to form a State constitution, they cannot touch the
subject, with a view to abolish or establish. When
they wish to dispose of this knotty question, all
they have to do is to unite in calling a convention
to form a constitution, and thereby abolish it or
establish it, as the will of the majority may J
direct. In one word, I am for leaving it to the j
people to decide for themselves; others wish that |
we should decide for them. I
I remark again, for the reasons already as- I
signed, I shall take occasion to occupy the time |
of the House at a convenient period, in a speech,!
in order to do that justice to the subject which I
cannot do while being catechised in this way.
Gentlemen make replies for themselves here, and
send out their replies to the country as mine. I
therefore state, if any gentleman shall think it
worth while to ask me questions, I shall decline
to answer them at the time, unless on the condi-
tion that I have the floor assigned me to reply at
length.
I do not speak for my party by authority.
Some understand the question of the power of
the people over slavery in the Territories one j
way, and some another; for it is a difficult ques-!
tion, and the law is silent on it. Gentlemen know
my views upon the subject. If there is any dif-
ficulty as to the right of slaveholders, or any
other persons, as to rights in the Territories,it is
a fair and legitimate question to bring before the
Supreme Court of the United States, which has
jurisdiction to settle it. All know it is not a very
extraordinary thing for lawyers to differ about
the law until it is settled by the judiciary.
Mr. COX. In any thing I have said upon this
floor, I have had no intention of discourtesy to
any gentleman. I desire to keep the debate within
my own control while accommodating, as far as
I can, every gentleman who desires to interrupt ;
me. I wish to put an end to the necessity of
answering any more questions so far as I am
concerned. i
If I had known at the beginning, that the gen- !
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] had an-
nounced that he was speaking ror himself alone,
I should not have troubled him; but I supposed,
from the manner of his speaking, sometimes ap-
parently for the party, and then again discrim-
: inating between his party views and his own
views, that he was the organ of his party upon
that side of the House. In regard to his own
I individual opinion, I had no particular desire for
information. I understand liim now to assert J
that Congress has the power to confer on the j
people of the Territory the right to establish or j
abolish slavery, but that the people cannot ex- j
ercise that power after it has been conferred, until j
they go into the process of a State organization, i
Up to that time, I suppose the power is what the
lawyers call a power in abeyance, or in nubibus,
or somewhere else. It is to lie still. Although
Congress has given the power, he says it lies still
until the people come to form a State organiza-
tion, ana then they can abolish or establish
slavery.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I did not say
that Congress gives the power. j
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. JoNEs]tsays that he did not state that Con-
gress conferred the power at all. Then I suppose
he agrees with me. The House, I believe, so un-
derstood him,and I certainly so understood him.
I hold that Congress has no power to legislate
over the Territories on the subject of slavery.
I hold, as I asserted yesterday, that property m
slaves needs no positive law. Within all the :
colonies which now constitute this Confederacy,
property in slaves was held without any positive
law. It was held by the common law. Slavery
was recognized by common law, not established
by positive enactment, but by the custom, com- i
mon consent, and usage of the people of the col- !
onies. And I stated that, when the colonies
became independent, some of the new States
abolished slavery. It requires a positive law to
do that. It required a law enacted by the people
of the State in the exercise of their sovereignty.
I stated that afterwards, when we acquired new
territory, property in slaves in such territory is
protected by the Constitution of the country, and
that, if a man goes from a slave State into the
territory, and carries his property with him, the
Constitution protects that property. It is a judi-
cial question, however, and not a question of
legislation. Congress cannot add to nor diminish
the right. It is a right protected alone by the
Constitution of the United States in the Territo-
ries, but has its origin from another source, as I
have explained above.
My friend from Indiana [Mr: Dunn] seemed
yesterday to be dissatisfied with my notions on
the subject of property in slaves, where there is
no positive law to support it. And the House
will see, and every gentleman will see, that the
Nebraska bill has been defended in the North on
the ground that it required a positive law to es-
tablish slavery. But I maintain that the reverse
is true. Slavery exists without positive law.
When it is contended that it requires a positive
law to establish it in the Territory, and that Con-
gress has power to confer legislative power on
the people of the Territory during its territorial
existence to prohibit or establish slavery, then
the Nebraska bill may be shown to be a measure
for freedom, instead of an encouragement to the
extension of slavery.
So far as the southern people are concernedj
I they know that the northern men, who have a
surplus of population, can go in, and by their
[ votes, control the Territory, and this was the
impression which Nebraska Democrats attempted
to make at the North. The Nebraska bill simply
removed a restriction, which, in my judgment,
was unconstitutional. But that, as I before said,
is a question for the judiciary, not for congres-
sional legislation. My judgment is, that it was
unconstitutional, and further, that if a slaveholder
; should carry his slave to Oregon, the restriction
there would not destroy his property in that
slave; and I believe that when the question is
; brought before the judicial tribunal of the country,
that opinion of mine will be sustained. If, how-
ever, it should not be, the question at least will
| be settled; and we shall know what is the law
!i on this question; and that is what we want.
II But my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] seems
i, to think that it requires positive law to establish
: property in slaves. I would like to know from
him if there is any positive law establishing
property in horses, cattle, or any other chattel?
I should also like to know, if he will state, what
I was the position of his competitor, in his late can-
! vass,as to the effect on this question of the repeal
of the Missouri restriction?
I j Mr. DUNN. The gentleman from Kentucky
II asks me a question, or rather two. If I am to
j; understand that he desires an answer, I will try
I to give him such as occurs to me at this moment,
scarcely hoping now to make it entirely satisfac-
tory to the gentleman or to others, when required
to give the answer without some reflection.
Mr. COX assented.
Mr. DUNN. Then, Mr. Clerk, I understand
j the gentleman wishes to know how it is I can
admit his right to take his horse to Kansas or
any where else, and raise no question as to his
continued ownership of that liorse in his new
home, and will not concede the same thing as to his
slave? The answer to this involves some inquiry
into the source of our right or control over any-
thing, and the objects for which such right or
control was conferred. This source of right is
anterior to human law, and our knowledge of it
is to be found in so much of the Divine will as has
been revealed to us. Looking there, we find that,
in the beginning, dominion, to some extent, was
given to man over the earth, and the sea, and the
air, and over all created things in or upon either.
This gift was not to the individual Adam, but to
man, or to the man as the head and representative
of his race, and for the common use and enjoy -
j ment of the race.
Here, I take it for granted, is the beginning of
i our title to anything; and it applies entirely to
: things without intellect—that are not immortal—
j and so incapable of individual accountability to
I the Author of existence. A right of property in these
! things was here expressly given to the first of the
j race, or, more properly speaking, to the race of
i man itself. In process of time, the race multi-
1 plied; and then it became necessary to adopt
some regulations amongst men to set apart to in-
dividuals separate things of what was before com-
mon to all, and enable them to hold such things,
so set apart, to the exclusion of all other indi-
viduals. By such human regulations, it is that
the individual man A holds, during his pleasure,
the white horse, and the man B the black horse,
to the exclusion of each other and of all others.
Such regulations are in accordance with natural
justice, as securing to him whose toil has ac-
quired the fruits of his labor, and are also in strict
consonance with the whole volume of the Divine
law. And so it is now, that by the universal law
amongst men, a mere change of place does not
divest the owner of such things of his exclusive
title. The police regulations of some countries,
which forbid the introduction of certain things
of this sort into their territories, and, if intro-
duced, declare their forfeiture, are no contradic-
tion of this general and well-settled and perfectly
just rule of universal law, but simply are excep-
tions from its operation in particular places or
under particular circumstances. Where there is
no such restriction, the universal law prevails;
and, as is the casfe in Kansas, where there exists
no such restraint, the gentleman might go with
his horse, and his right of property would he
undisturbed.
