48
THE CONGRESSIQMAL &LOBE.
December 18.
t>f this House (which claims to be, a majority
upon a purely sectional issue, and which seeks a
contest on that basis) to have such an organiza-
tion as will necessarily transfer the contest to the
popular arena at a time, and in a manner fatal to
the cause of American liberty, and to the Union
of these States?
I and they who have acted with me here take a
different position. And I bescech my.country-
jnen throughout the length and breadth of this
land to regard well the position we do occupy,
and which we proclaim to be the national—the
American position. We do not apply as a test of
political soundness the advocacy or rejection of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. We do not ask a
man whether he'is for or against the principles of
that bill. We ask of every man that he will con-
sider that contest as closed, and his pledge to re-
sist the renewal of the Sectional strife to which it
has given rise; that he will resist the introduc-
tion into Congress of questions which affect the
different systems of labor under which we live;
and that we shall have no renewal of sectional
controversies here, unless compelled by the pro-
gress of events to decide upon such questions in
the legislative branch of this Government.
There is no necessity for us to arm ourselves
against each other before the occasion arises to
demand it When the crisis comes we will meet
it as becomes citizens and legislators. That is
our position.
I may be told that the Kansas election will
bring the controversy here again. I do notknow
that this will be so; but I pledge myself, in the
presence of heaven and before my country, that 1
am as disinterested upon that question as any
juror that ever took his seat in a jury box, and as
determined to investigate the fact's, and upon the
convictions of my own judgment to pronounce
according to the right. I shall know no section-
alism in regard to that case. [Applause.]
"The principles of the Kansas bill!" When
gentlemen talk about " the principles of the
Kansas bill," I should like to know what they
mean by that phrase. I was about applying
to-daylo the gentleman from Pennsylvania, when
he was dilating upon those principles, to know
whether he understands the principles of the
Kansas bill to authorize. " squatter sovereignty,"
(or what is known as squatter sovereignty) in
the Territories.
Mr. JO.N ES, of Pennsylvania. If I understand
the question of the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky 
Mr. MARSHALL, (interposing.) In order
that I may be distinctly understood, permit me
to put my question in another way. I want to
know of the gentleman whether ho understands
the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill to
authorize the passage of laws to prohibit the
institution of slavery, by the first settlers of the
Territory who convene under the territorial gov-
ernment,.' That is a plain question.
, Mr. JONES. I had occasion during the last
Congress to examine that bill with great care
before I voted for it, and I understood' that by
that act all the power that this Government pos-
sesses over the subject-matter under the Consti-
tution of the United States was conveyed to the
people of the Territory; all the power that we
have to give is given to them under the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and that is all the
power we have to give. After that, when they
come to frame a constitution for themselves, then,
by express provision of that act, they have power
to determine whether they will have a provision
for slavery in their constitution or not, and they
shall be entitled to admission into this Union
with or without slavery, as they in the formation
of that constitution shall determine.
Mr. MARSHALL. It will be perceived at
once, by the gentleman's own section of the
House, that he has slided the question.
Mr. JONES. That is the gentleman's con-
struction.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is my construction
of the gentleman's answer. I want to know of
the gentleman whether, when he asserts that he
sustains the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and goes before the country with that decla-
ration, he understands that Congress has conferred
upon the inhabitants of the Territory the right to
exclude slavery pending the territorial government'!
That is my question.
Mr.. JONES. Now, I think I Understand the
gentleman pretty correctly.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. JONES. I understood the honorable gen-
tleman to propound a question to me, which I
rose to answer in behalf of the Democratic party,
as to the construction of that resolution, and I
answered him precisely as I supposed I 'was
authorized to do. I now understand my friend
from Kentucky propounds a question as to my
individual bedef. That is an entirely different
question, and I will answer it. But I will first
ask him a question.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, that is a kind of
sectionalism I don't understand. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I am not at all surprised that
the gentleman and myself do-not agree in any-
thing. But as the question is necessary to my
answer, I ask him whether this Congress, under
the Constitution of the United States," has the
power of. conferring upon a Territory, prior to
its formation of a State constitution, the power
of establishing or prohibiting slavery?
Mr. MARSHALL. I am perfectly willing
that the country should see the manner in which
the homogeneousness of the Democratic party is
exhibited, by the display the gentleman has
made. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman will con-
sider it a fair question, and not dodge it. The
gentleman asked my individual belief. I simply
ask him now, has this Government the power,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
clothe the citizens of a Territory, prior to the
formation of a State constitution, with power to
legislate upon slavery or not?
Mr. MARSHALL. I say, no.
Mr. JONES. Very well, if the gentleman
says no, I reply, if this Government has not the
power, they never have conferred it; because they
cannot confer what they have not got.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the gentle-
man bases his position, then, upon a concurrence
with myself upon a question of constitutional
law. He asks my opinion as to a point of con-
stitutional law, and frames his answer, hypothet-
icalhj, upon that opinion: if they have not the
power, they have not bestowed it. The Demo-
cratic members of this House stand " upon the
principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill;" and I
venture to assert that there is not a southern
Democrat upon this floor—unless exception be
made of one or two cases from Alabama, Ten-
nessee, and Virginia—who will go before his
constituency and proclaim the doctrine of squat-
ter sovereignty; and all the northern Democrats
justify their advocacy of those "principles"
upon the plea that squatter sovereignty is secured
by the bill.
I was not here when that bill was passed, and
I would like to know of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, when they say they
maintain the principles of the bill, whether they
intend to uphold it as a model bill for the organi-
zation of other Territories of the Union ? because,
if they do, they are right in declaring themselves
opposed to Americanism; for one of " the prin-
ciples" of that bill gives to a man, who has not
become a citizen of the United States, the privilege
of exercising the right of suffrage, and of holding
office in the Territories. Against that privilege
of alien suffrage I enter my solemn protest, and
can never act with a party which proclaims that
as one of its fundamental principles in this coun-
try. As they intend to take that cargo 011 board
their vessel in the coining presidential contest, I
am glad to know it by their declaration now—at
the time of starting. It is at war with all my
ideas of that civil liberty which was achieved by
the Revolution, and is secured by the Constitu-
tion. That principle was put into the bill, in my
opinion, for the purpose of stimulating emigra-
tion, and causing a hot-bed growth of the north-
i western portion of this Confederacy; but as the
! Democratic section of this House embrace it
; among the other •' principles of the Kansas bill,"
I I take a broad issue before the country upon it.
I Gentlemen upon this side of the House [turn-
j ing to the Republicans] cannot expect me, with
j my principles, to act with them. I do not recog-
1 nize any man as belonging to the American party
j who does not stand flat-footed upon the Phiiadel-
j phia platform. I disclaim the idea that the gen-
1 tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who
has been voted for' as Speaker^ is a member of
the American party.: He and ,Kis colleagues may
so claim him, but he will recognize at once the
impassable line which divides him, from me.
The Philadelphia platform in its twelfth section
did no more, and does no more, than assume the
position taken here to-day by me and the gen-
tlemen who have voted with me through these
several days, viz: resistance to sectional agita-
tion, and a heartfelt desire to see this Govern-
ment placed upon a line of action which shall
secure the rights of all sections; which shall pre-
serve the harmony and integrity of the Govern-
ment in its workings upon the interests of each
and every section; and which shall divert the
attention of the American people from these mis-
erable "isms "which make them all unhappy by
disturbing the harmony of Government in all
sections. Sir, I wish to see the people upon
some line of progress in which their nationality
may be asserted, and this Government may be
made to redound to the benefit of every section
of our noble Confederacy.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman took the liberty
of asking me a question, and I hope he will allow
me the same favor at this point. I understood
him to say he recognized the twelfth section of
the Philadelphia platform. I wish to ask him if
he recognizes that section which proscribe^ men
from the rights of American citizens, as I under-
stand them, on account of their religion and the
place of their birth ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I shall have no difficulty
at all in answering the gentleman that question. I
am in favor of the largest freedom in religion and
liberty of conscience. As I claim the right of
private judgment in matters of religious belief for
myself, I respect it in others. I am not in favor,
and I never have been in favor, and I deny that
the American party has, in its platform, or in any
manner, declared an intent to legislate or act so
as to proscribe a man on account of his religion.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if the Louisiana delegation were not
refused their seats in the Philadelphia convention
upon that very ground ?
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman is as con-
versant with that matter as I am. But I can tell
the gentleman this, that whenever the American
party see a man in this country who looks abroad
for his allegiance, whether it be found at Rome
or elsewhere, they do not believe he can be trusted
as a depositary of political power in this country.
It is useless for us to discuss the catechism of
the American party, since that gentleman and I
are as wide as the poles asunder. All I intend
doing now is, to make an explanation of the rea-
sons why the organization of this House does
not proceed. The gentlemen on the other side
of the House have followed with their programme
—a congressional manifesto indicating the ground
on which they place the Democratic party for the
future—and in that programme I find my senti-
ments denounced. I find myself proscribed, as
an enemy to civil and religious liberty. I find
them making proclamations of adherence to prin-
ciples which I know, sir, are not understood the
same way by their own party, North and South.
Mr. JONES. Will my friend from Kentucky
allow me to ask him another question ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. I assure the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that I would not interrupt him, nor ask
any question whatever, only I nnd that his re-
marks are based upon the construction of the
phraseology of a resolution which I had the honor
to present m the Democratic caucus.
Will my friend allow me to ask him a question?
He has announced here publicly before tne coun-
try that he is a member of the American party,
and he objects to that resolution because he says
when we declare to the country that we are
against any party which proscribes civil and re-
ligious liberty, that means him and his party.
Now, I assxire my friend, I have never said that
he was against civil liberty or religious liberty;
but, if my friend puts himself in a party which
that general sentiment designates, then it does
hit my friend, an we so intended. [Cries of
"Good!" "A hard hit."]
Now, if the gentleman from Kentucky will
allow me, I will ask him this question: If, when
he entered into that American organization, his
experience there verified ths correctness of my
