1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased;
An act to grant to L. Jffne Horner and children
a section of land in Oregon; and ■ •
a resolution for the relief of Dr. William P.
A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in.^e
Mexican war.
APPALACHICOLA AND BAINBRIDGE MAIL.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on theTost
Office and Post Roads, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 387) providing
for the regular transmission of the mail on route
No. 6842, and asked for its immediate considera-
tion.
The bill was read the first and second times.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster General
to allow to George Bucknam, $20,000 per annum,
for the residue of his term for his mail contract
on the route between Bainbridge, Georgia, and
Appalachicola, Florida.
#Mr. BRODHEAD. How much does it appro-
bate—$20,000 ?
Mr. YULEE. There is an estimate accom-
panying the bill.
Mr. CASS. I should like to hear some reasons
for the appropriation. Is there any report from
the Post Office Department on the subject ?
Mr. YULEE. There is a report from the com-
mittee.
Mr. CASS. Is there any application from the
Post Office Department.
Mr. YULEE. I will state the facts of the case.
Appalachicola is the third cotton port on the Gulf
of Mexico, and is accessible, with convenience,
only by water. The mail is transported from Bain-
bridge, a distance of nearly two hundred ahd ten
miles. In the midstof the cotton season, the con-
tractor having taken the service for a sum (about
$9,000) which proved to be entirely inadequate to
sustain the line, was on the eve of total failure. The
citizens of the place, in view of the imminent ne-
cessity for such interference, united in purchasing
a couple of boats, and placed them in the service ,
taking a transfer of the contract from the ori-
ginal contractor. Upon investigation it was found
they were doing the service at a loss of $27,000
per annum. If the contract had been annulled,
and the Postmaster General obliged to open pro-
posals for further service, the mail might have
been suspended for a month or two during the
most important business season, and, to insure
good service, would probably have had to pay a
much larger amount than we have agreed upon
with the agent of the citizens. We have agreed
to bear about $10,000 of the loss off their hands,
they agreeing to continue the service for the resi-
due of the term, in order to insure the regular
transmission of the mail.
The case, from various circumstances which I
will not detain the Senate to enumerate, seemed
to present a proper one for exception from the
general rule, and which justified the exercise of
a proper discretion in placing the service upon a
stable footing.
We found, upon examination, that the sum
now allowed would bring the compensation for
this service more nearly upon a par with the
usual cost of similar service in the adjacent States,
as will be found in the instances which I will read
to the Senate:
" For the steamboat service between Claiborne and Mo-
bile, one hundred and forty miles, (much less in distance
than this,) $21,929.
" Between Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Decatur, Ala-
bama, for similar service, two hundred and two imies, (also
less in distance,)
" Between New Oiieans and St. Franeisville, onehun-
dred andsevenry miles, (still less than [his service,) 00(J.
<£ Between New Orleans and Vieksburg, one bundled and
forty-seven miles, $40,000.
" Between Mobile and New Orleans, one hundred and
tlnrty-tiiree miles, §35,000."
We adopted a rate rather less than is now being
paid in the adjacent States; and it seemed to us
an arrangement necessary to prevent the failure
of service at an important commercial point.
Mr. MASON. I should like to know what the
views of the Postmaster General are on this prop-
osition. I take it for granted that there have
been communications between him and the com-
mittee other than verbal.
Mr. YULEE. There was no written commu-
nication. The position of theJBl^master Gen-
eral was this: He found on exaflffllttion that the
service on this route had always been exceedingly
irregular and unreliable, but he had no power
to redress it himself but in the ordinary mode of
annulling the contract and advertising anew,
which in this case was a course likely to be at-
tendedwith serious inconvenience. He was un-
willing to make-any recommendation, considering
•that it was a matterwhich addressed itself entirely
tBHhe .discretion of Congress.
Mr. BROWN. If gentlemen are willing to let'
this bill pass" without further debate I shall not
object to it; but if anyone desires to speak further
upon it, I must movers postponement until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. YULEE. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EVANS. I do not know enough about
the bill to vote on it understandingly. I object
to its consideration now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it must
lie over until to-morrow.
POST ROADS IN TEXAS.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire iffi&Lthe expediency of declaring the
road from Palestine tMpn Springs, Texas, a post route,
and to report by joint'Tresolution or otherwise; also from
Indianola, by New Branveltz, and Middletown, to Freder-
icksburg, ill said State.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 252) to repeal so much of the act
of March 3, 1855, as provides for the erection of
an armory in the city "of Washington.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
It proposes to repeal so much of the act of
March 3, 1855, as directs the Secretary of War
to cause to be constructed, on such site, in a cen-
tral position on the public grounds in the city of
Washington, as may be selected by the Presi-
dent of the United States, a suitable building
for the care and preservation of the ordnance
and arms arid accoutrements of the United States,
required for the use of the volunteers and militia
of the District of Columbia, and for the care and
preservation of the military trophies of the rev-
olutionary and other wars, and for the deposit
of newly invented and model arms, and as
makes an appropriation of $30,000 for that pur-
pose. It also proposes to direct the Secretary of
War to pay the contractars for the erection of
the building such sum as will be a fair and just
equivalent for any losses they may sustain on
account of the passage of this bill; and if the
Secretary shall find it necessary to take the
whole, or any part, of the materials already pro-
vided for the construction of the building, he is
to cause it to bo sold, and the money arising
from the sale to be paid into the Treasury.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, so much has
already been said upon this subject that I do not
propose to add anything now except a brief reca-
pitulation of the facts, so that those Senators
who desire to understand the subject may have it
in the most convenient form.
During the last session of the last Congress,
an amendment was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, by the late Judge
DauTson, then a member of this body, proposing
to erect this building. It authorized the Secre-
tary of War to superintend the erection of it,
and the President of the United States to select
the site of it. In pursuance of the authority
thus given, the President, selected, through
Colonel Craig, of the Army, a site on the public
Mall. At the opening of the present session,
early in the winter, m February I think, the
matter was brought to the attention of the Dis-
trict Committee; and I, as chairman of that
committee, moved a resolution calling on the
President to know what he had done under the
authority of the act of Congress. This brought
from him the first official report which we had
on the subject, stating that the site for the build-
ing had been selected, and through whose agency
it was done. The committee believed that that
was an improper place for the building; that it
was another encroachment upon a magnificent
public reservation, which 'would in the end, in
their judgment, lead to a total destruction of that
whole reservation. They, therefore, without
meaning to rebuke the President—without mean-
ing to express an opinion that lie had committed
any error, but, simply in justice, as they con-
ceived, to the public interest, instructed me to
report a bill to remove the site of the building
from the public Mall to Judiciary Square. That
bill came before the Senate, and was passed by "a
unanimous vote on a very brief explanation.
The next day, the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Yulee] moved a reconsideration, after stating
that the matter had not been fully understood.
The motion succeeded,- there being little or no
opposition to it. He then-called upon the Presi-
dent for a second report. After a considerable
delay we had that report; When the subject
came up for consideration the original bill was
stricken out, and by order of the Senate the bill
now before this body was reported by the com-
mittee, there being, I think, upon the yeas and
nays, more than two thirds for instructing the
District Committee to report the bill in this form.
This is, therefore, not the bill of the committee,
but the bill of the Senate reported, in obedience to
the order of this House. I was anxious, and
was instructed by the committee, to ask for the
immediate consideration of the bill. I did so,
but the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] in-
terposed an objection, and the bill was laid over.
He assigned as'a reason for his objection that he
wanted further information upon the subject. He
called for information, which produced the third
message from the President. This occasioned
some further delay. When the third message
was sent in, I called the attention of the Senate
again to the subject, and asked for the consider-
ation of the bill. About this time my friend from
Alabama [Mr. Fitzfatrick] wanted still further
information, and he moved a fourth resolution
calling for further information. Long delay from
one cause or another ensued. Some four or five
days ago, certainly not more than a week, we
got the last report. It has been printed, and is
now upon the table; and I avail myself of this,
the first opportunity in my power, to call up the
bill for consideration. I make this statement in
justice to myself, and the committee for whom I
now speak, to show that we have not delayed ac-
tion upon this little matter any longer than we
could possibly help in due deference to the wishes
of gentlemen here.
Now, I do not care again to discuss the merits
of this question. Some feeling has been man-
ifested in the Senate about it; why, I do not
understand. A good deal of feeling has been
manifested in the executive branches of the Gov-
ernment; and why, I cannot comprehend. It is
simply a question whether a public building shall
stand upon a spot of ground which the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia believe to be an
improper place; or whether it shall stand some-
where else ?
Now, sir, I say, as I have said before, that I
do, individually, as a citizen and a Senator, feel
a special and particular anxiety that the public
reservations about this city shall be no further
marred by encroachments. I see by the report
sent here in obedience to the call made by the
Senate, under the resolution offered by my friend
from Alabama, that encroachment after encroach-
ment has already been made on the reservation
commonly known as the Mali; and, strange to
say, I find arguments based upon this very state
' of facts to justify this further encroachment.
Because you have taken off a slice of it on the
I noith side, and another on the south side, and a
I little on the east, and some more on the west, and
! thus carved it down to less than two thirds of its
! original dimensions, you are now asked, as a
| matter of course, to take off another slice; and,
when you have done it, this will furnish ail
j additional argument for taking off a little piece
more; and thus it will go on, until the whole
reservation be destroyed.
The object, and the only object, which the com-
mittee had in view, was to arrest these encroach-
ments, to stop them where they are, to proclaim
to everybody interested, or who may desire to
take any part of that reservation for any pur-
pose at all, that "this is a reservation designed
for public use originally by George Washington,
held sacred for a longtime, and afterwards a little
