THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 19, 1856.
New Series No. 104.
encroached upon, and now we mean to stop."
That was the design of the committee, ana I
humbly hope that it was agood design, whatever
may be your action in reference to this matter.
It is said this building only fills up a little angle.
1 beg Senators to pay attention to what I am now
saying. You are told it stands in a little angle,
and that putting this building there is not going
to do any harm. If Senators will take the trouble
to look at it, they will find that by putting up this
building you are making two more angles; and by
and by you will be told, " Here are angles, and if
you put a building here it willnotdo any harm,"
and when you put up these second buildings, yon
•will make more angles. Thus you go angling
around all the reservation, until you have de-
stroyed the whole of it.
Another objection is based on the ground of
the damages, and a frightful bill of damages was
sent into us here. Before a spade had been stuck
into the ground—before a single lick had been
struck towards putting up the building, when
not even one fifth of the material had been pur-
chased, a bill of damages was trumped up and
sent into the Senate, under official authority,
stating to us, that by a discontinuance we should
be mulct in $25,000 or $26,000 damages, on a con-
tract of a Utile over $28,000.
Under this act, which requires that a just and
fair compensation shall be paid for what has; been
done, no such bill of damages ever can be footed.
On account of the delays*-wliich have occurred
here — and it was delayed against the earnest
remonstrances and constant petitions of the com-
mittee—the damages have somewhat increased,
perhaps $3,000, or $4,000, or $5,000, If the bill
first introduced and passed had been let alone,
there would have been no damages, for nothing
had been done—not a lick had been struck. The
parties had purchased some materials in the way
of brick and stone, which could have been taken
by the Government at cost, and worked into other
buildings just as easily as they could have been
worked into this. But these delays havcoccurred,
and the contractors have gone on and got up the
first story of the building, I believe. Whatever
work they have done, if the bill passes into a law,
the Government must neeessaniy be compelled to
pay for. 1 would take no mechanics5 labor with-
out paying a just and fair equivalent; but if the
building was finished—if the last brick was on it—
if the painter's brush had touched it for the last
time, and it had beuii occupied, I would take it
down to the last stone sooner than allow it to stand
on this reservation. I would do more. If 1 had my
way, I would take down the Smithsonian Insti-
tution to the very foundation, and if I could do
nothing else with it, 3 wouid pitch the whole con-
cern into the Potomac, and send back the money
to Snnthson's heirs. 1 would not to-day give up
the reservation which it mars—which it makes a
perfect eye-sore m my judgment—for the whole
Smithsonian Institution and all the blessings it is
ever going to confer on this country. But that
is far from the subject.
I now say, sir, that I do not care particularly
what the Senate may do with this bill. It is re-
ported in obedience to their orders, and I think
they ought to pass it. Of that I feel very well
assured in my own mind. I have discharged my
whole duty, not only as a citizen, but as a mem-
ber of the committee, and as a Senator. If it
suits the purposes of this House to allow the res-
ervation to be thus destroyed, be it so. I have
made my remonstrance, and now wash my hands
of it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I be-
lieve all here will bear testimony to the fidelity
of the Senator from Mississippi to the interests
of this District. He has been vigilant in sea-
son and out of season, so far as my knowledge is
concerned, in regard to District interests. I have
no purpose to serve in this matter. My sole
object is to do what I think is right, and for the
public interest. Confiding in- the report of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, as I do
in the reports of all the committees of this body,
104
my recollection is that I voted at first in accord-
ance with their recommendation, and I believe I
voted for the recommittal, with the instructions
proposed. JFrom the statement of the committee,
1 was impressed with the belief that the work
should be arrested, and I thought that perhaps
I there had been indiscretion committed on the part
of Congress, in making this large appropriation of
$30,000 for the purpose of Greeting an armory here.
If it were an original question submitted to me
now, although the District is under the fostering
hand of Congress, I should question the propriety
of an appropriation, to this extent at least, for
the benefit exclusively of the District. It has
claims, however, on Congress. "VVe are the ex-
clusive guardians of the District, and there is
some propriety m furnishing facilities to the vol-
unteer companies for the deposit of their arms for
the protection of the District m the case of war,
or to suppress mob violence. There are many
occasions when it becomes necessary to have or-
ganized companies, to be drawn on promptly and
readily to suppress insurrection and insubordin-
ation.
Concurring as I did with the District Commit-
tee, according to my recollection, 1 voted to refer
the subject to them, with instructions to report
pretty much the bill now before us. At that time
I thought but little progress had been made in
the work, and I supposcjjuch was the conviction
of Senators generally. I aid not imagine that it
had proceeded to the extent which the reports of
the War Department have developed. But when
the report came in, showing the large amount of
damages claimed at the hands of Congress and
the advanced state of the work, it became a grave
question not only for me, but for the Senate, to
decide whether we should abandon the work, and
abandon all guardianship over the District of
Columbia, so far as providing them with an arm-
ory was concerned, when to do so would cost as
much money as the building itself. That being
the state of the case, 1 thought it became a grave
and important question to ascertain from the
proper department all the facts that could be de-
veloped on this subjcct.
With that view, and for these reasons alone,
(because no individual has approached me on the
subject, and I have no feeling in regard to it,) I
introduced a resolution calling for full informa-
tion on the whole subject, and particularly in
regard to the extent and nature of the grounds
known as the Mall. 1 desired to obtain all the
information 1 could, for the purpose of enabling
the Senate to act understandingiy on this ques-
tion. Now, if we abandon this work, what will
be the damages? The various items are set down
in the document before me. I shall not detain
the Senate by reading them, but they amount m
the aggregate to the sum of £'24.819 10. I do not
undertake to justify these nuns, but I may say
that they enumerate the bricks purchased, the
window-frames prepared, the rock, the exoava-
, tion, and the cost of everything m a state of
preparation to proceed with the work.
j That information was in the report sent to us
: upon a call made on the President of the United
i States. The damages lack but $5,000 of the
| whole amount of the appropriation for the con-
; struction and completion of the building. I ask
i you, sii>and I ask the Senate, if it is not a grave
! question to determine whether we shall pay
j $-25,000 damages, speaking in round numbers,
I and abandon the work, or pay $5,000 more and
I let the work be completed? That estimate of jj
! damages was up to the 1st of July, and the work 1
is still in piogmss. To show you how little
| concern 1 hove iUt In the progress of the work, ]!
I may remark that I was never informed until I
the honorable Senator from Mississippi disclosed j
the fact to-day.tiiat the first storyis now erected. ;
T did not know it. I have not examined the j
building. We may be told that this amount of i
damages will not be allowed by Congress. Does ;
not your knowledge of the legislation of this j
country satisfy you, sir, that at some time, if we j
decline" it now, an application will be successfully 1!
made to some future Congress for this sum? 1
have seen many bills of this character presented
to the consideration of Congress, and rejected,
time and again, and, after all, at some unpropi-
tious time, Congress has been found to allow
them. However unjust and exorbitant these
damages may be, I toil the Senate that, if we stop
this work, we shall have to pay within a few
thousand dollars of what it will cost to construct
the building; and if we do not pay the amount,
some subsequent Congress will do it. This esti-
mate was for damages up to the 1st of July.
Since then the parties have been at work, and
are now; and if we pass this bill and send it to
the other House, before it can be acted on there,
the chances are ten to one that it will be com-
pleted before Congress agrees to repeal the act
and discontinue the work.
There were many considerations which induced
me at first to vote for the reference of this subject
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
I am as anxious as the Senator from Mississippi
to preserve the beauty of the public walks, and
all that adorns this metropolis'. I was led to
believe that this building would mar the beauty
of the Mall, and was put there for the purpose
of destroying the public grounds designed to be
reserved for public use. it was a matter that had
not attracted my attention, and I doubt whether
it attracted the attention of many Senators on this
floor. We were told that the ground was laid
out at the origin of the Government under the
auspices of the Father of his Country. It was
a subjcct about which I had but limited inform-
ation ; and I desired to learn all the facts connected
with it. Now, what do we learn from the report
of the Secretary of War ? We find that the Mall
originally embraced over three hundred acres;
that all the south side of Pennsylvania avenue,
from Third to Sixth streets was a portion of the
Mall; but that has been taken from it, and many
parts of it have been cut oif. A building, which
js very much denounced, and which the Senator
from Mississippi says is such an eyesore to that
locality, has eighteen acres sot apart for it by the
action of Congress—1 allude to the Smithsonian.
Institution. Few Senators, I venture to say, have
studied this subject, and really understand what
it is that they are called upon to vote on. I
thought at first that the Mall embraced simply
the inclosed grounds in the neighborhood of the
Smithsonian Institution. Nor did I know, until
the report of the Secretary of War, that such a
large amount of land had been made as a donation
to that institution—eighteen acres.
I do not design to go particularly into the report
of the Secretary of War; but 1 think it due to him,
due to the President, and due to all parties con-
cerned, that the faets should be spread before the
country. We have thrown on those officers, with-
out their will or request, these duties; and if you
will read their leporis on this subject, you will
find that no public functionaries could have been
more guarded and more careful of the public in-
terests m selecting a location for an institution of
thi-i kind. You are aware. and so is every Sen-
ator on this floor, that, in the location of such a
building as this, you cannot hope to satisfy all
the local interests of the community. In our
respective States there are conflicts as to the
location of court-houses and State-houses, and
other public buildings. Our own experience
admonishes us of that. Now, is no confidence to
be reposed in the Funding and high position and
character of the officers having charge of this
matter? If they are not fit guides, if their motives
are to be impugned, and if they are to be held up
here as manifesting feeling on this subject, 1 do
not know whom we can trust. If you, sir, were
occupying the h.gli position of the Secretary of
War, "ana your conduct had been scrutinized as
the conduct, of that officer on this subject has
been, would you not fee] an interest to hove your-
self wcli understood before the country? I say
you would, and so would every other Senator Oil
this floor. What interest nas the Secretary of
War to serve in this matter? I have no idea that
