1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
34th Cong....1st Sess. Organization of the Home—Mr. Cox, Mr. Dunn, Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. of Reps.
that gentlemen will indulge me in responding to
one or two of the outside questions.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
takes issue with me on the abstract question of
slavery. I say that property in slaves exists by
the common consent of the people of the particu-
lar locality. I think that I have sufficiently
ehown the correctness of that position. He re-
sorts to what he supposes to be a higher and
paramount law, and says that by that law no man
can hold property in his fellow man. But I shall
not go into a theological discussion with the
gentleman. He says that the Creator gave man
dominion over the fowls of the air and the beasts
of his field, but no dominion was given over his
fellow man. True, Adam was then the only man in
existence; there was no man over whom ne could
have dominion. Eve was not created then, and
he had not even property in his wife. But soon
afterwards we hear that Abraham had a band of
three hundred and eighteen servants, some bought
with his money and some born in his house; and
that he went out with his servants and fought
a great battle, and conquered the kings, and res-
cued his kinsman from captivity; and that when
he came back he received the blessing of Mel-
chisedek. He had servants enough to whip a
whole kingdom. Some of them were bought
with his money, and others were born in his
house. A little before that we find that Noah, j
speaking as is believed by inspiration, said:
" Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be
unto his brethren. * * * Blessed be the Lord God of
Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. God shall enlarge j
Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Ca- j
naan shall be his servant." .
A little further on, we find that, when the law j
was given from Mount Sinai, Moses received I
direct commands in reference to the institutions :
of the Jewish people. What was said of the sur- j
rounding nations and their people ? After pro- j
Tiding for the jubilee, when a general restoration j
should take place, the great law-giver proceeds i
to say: |
" And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen |
poor, and be sold unto thee, thou shalt not compel him to !
serve as a bond servant; bat as a hired servant, and as a j
sojourner, shall he be with thee, and shall serve tliee ;
unto the year of jubilee: and then shall he depart from 1
thee, both he and his children with him, and shall return !
unto his own family, and unto the possession of his fathers !
shall be return. For they are my servants, which I brought
forth out of the land of Egypt: they shall not be sold as
bondmen. j
" Thou shall not rule over him with rigor, but shall fear i
thy God. Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids,which thou |
shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are round about you;
of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids. Moreover,
of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among*you,
of them shall ye buy, and of their families that are with you,
which they begat in your land: and they shall be your pos-
session. And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your
children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they
shall be your bondmen for ever: but over your brethren,
the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another
with rigor."—Lev. xxv., 39 to 46.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman now speaks of
a contract between a servant and his employer,
that he shall be free at the end of a certain period.
I grant that. I may bind myself to my friend
during nay life.
Mr. COX. I do not think that it changes the
case. _ If he may sell himself he may sell himself
and his posterity forever, to his master and his
children. For a man to hold a servant as prop-
erty, and as an inheritance to hi* children, cannot
be immoral, since it is justified by the Divine law.
Moreover, the class of servants mentioned in the
part of the Divine law I have alluded to, are not
those who sold themselves by contract, but they
were to be bought, and doubtless from heathen
masters, or captors. The provision last alluded
to by my friend from Indiana applies only to
that class of servants which went out at the year
of jubilee, but not to those enumerated in the
law to which I have referred. And even those
servants who had the right to freedom at thp
sound of the tramp of the jubilee, could bind
themselves as servants forever. If a servant of
this class preferred remaining with his master,
he signified his wish, and his master placed him
against the framing of the door, and bored his ear
through with an awl, and he became the property
of his master from that time to the end of his
life.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman pardon me.'
Mr. COX. CertSunly.
Mr. DUNN. The very case which he puts
of the servant whose ear was pierced, is a case
| of a new contract between the parties; for I
! might undoubtedly bind myself to the gentleman
, to serve him all the days of my life, for no other
! return than that he should support and take care
! of me. There would be nothing against the
moral or higher law in the contract or its fulfill-
ment, on either side. If we saw fit, as a memo-
; rial of such contract, to have my ears pierced, 1
know of no laws that fact would violate. It
would be a matter between ourselves, and both
of us, in conscience and in law, should keep the
agreement. I do not admit the curse of Noah,
in his anger, is the law of God, or ever was.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman admit that he
could bind his children to me and to my children
\ forever?
j Mr. DUNN. I do not; no^do I admit that
i such is the just interpretation of the Divine law
in regard to any class of servants. The children
were entitled to the benefits of the jubilee at a
proper time of life, as was their parent, until, by
contract, he waived it as to himself.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I hope the
gentleman will pardon me for interrupting him
m the verv elaborate speech he is making. Yes-
terday I obtained the floor, and yielded it to him;
and I am gratified that he has indulged in an ex-
tensive discussion of the subject-matter which
seems to be at the foundation of our difficulties
in the election of a Speaker. But the resolution
of which the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Quitman] has given notice, and for which, when
it is introduced, I shall vote with great pleasure,
is an indication to me that I will not get an op-
portunity of being heard in reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox.] Therefore, with his j
permission, I will say a few words now.
I am one of those who believe that the South
ought to speak fpr the South; and while the gen- j
tleman is giving utterance to his sentiments—and j
certainly no gentleman of the Thirty-Fourth Con- ;
gress will have an opportunity of being heard as
extensively as he has been, as the hour rule will
soon operate—while that speech is to go out to
the country as a sort of pronunciamiento, I desire ;
just here to express my dissent from one of the '
positions which the gentleman has assumed. As j
I have already remarked, I may not have another i
opportunity of being heard in reply to the gen- J
tleman "s speech. I would like to do so at length,
not that I do not indorse some of his opinions.
The gentleman states that the Constitution
proprio vigore carries slavery into territory where-
ever we may acquire it. It is in relation to that
southern dogma that I desire to be heard. I
would call the gentleman's attention to the point,
and would be glad, while he has the floor and the
opportunity, that he would elaborate that posi-
tion. I desire,and I should be pleased, I say, to
hear the gentleman make an argument to sustain
that position. I assert that the South stands
upon a higher ground—that we hold our slaves
by laws older than the Constitution, and with
which the Federal Constitution has nothing to
do, except as I shall hereafter mention. Slavery
existed before the Constitution was formed, and
we do not rely upon that instrument for authority
to hold our slaves. The gentleman was raised
in Kentucky. He is proud of her statesmen, so
many of whom have adorned the political history
of our country, and especially his own Common-
wealth. What was Mr. Clay's opinion? Iam
one of those who attach importance to the opin-
ions of those great statesmen who so long gave
direction to our country, and who so powerfully
impressed their*opinions on mankind; also for
the opinions of the judiciary, to which we must,
at least, resort for a settlement and adjudication
of legal questions. Mr. Clay, in speaking of the
Territories we had acquired from Mexico, said
in reference to this question:
" I mU3t say, that the idea that eo instanti upon the con-
summation of the treaty, (the treaty ofGuadalupe Hidalgo,)
the Constitution of the United States spread itself over the
acquired country, and carried along with it the institution
of slavery, is so irreconcilable with any comprehensions or
any reason which I possess, that I hardly know haw to meet it."
That was the opinion of Mr. Clay; and it is
the opinion of the nest lawyers of the country.
Sir, slavery does not depend upon the Constitu-
tion for its existence. Look for a moment, at
Tennessee or Kentucky. Each of those States,
while a part of the Confederation, and subject to
j the authority of the Constitution, have the insti-
ll tution of slavery. Ohio has none—yet in each
I! of these States the Federal Constitution is the
supreme law of the. land, making void the action of
the State government wherever it conflicts with
, it; yet it has never been assumed that the exist-
i ence of slavery in Kentucky, or its abolition in
Ohio, were repugnant to the Constitution. But
if the Constitution carried slavery into the Terri-
i tories, it would, being supreme everywhere, carry
it into the States also; ana no State having a right
to violate that Constitution, the result would be
j that no State could get rid of slavery. No one
will contend that the Constitution, which was
made for the States, and by the States, has more
power in the Territories than elsewhere over
this subject of slavery; therefore, it cannot carry
slavery into the Territories, while, as all admit,
it has no power to create or destroy it in the
States.
Again, it is often said by southern men that
the Constitution recognizes slavery. Well, I say
the Constitution does recognize slavery, but it
recognizes it only sub modo. In one part thereof
it recognizes slaves as persons, while in another
part it regards them as slaves or fugitives from
service, but only to return the fugitive to the person
to whom the service may be due. When a slave
escapes from one State and goes into another, you
may invoke the Constitution, and have him re-
turned to the owner; but when the Constitution
has so returned him, it has performed its office,
and you cannot invoke its aid any further in this
respect.
Now, sir, as I have already said, southern men
hold their slaves without the aid of the Federal
Constitution, and by virtue of laws and regula-
tions, in many cases, which existed anterior to
that instrument. Northern men, who choose to
make a free State do so, without any' reference
whatever to the Constitution, and there is no
power to prqvent their doing so. They do not
invoke the aid of the Federal Constitution when
they see proper to abolish slavery.
I have before me a decision of the supreme
court of the gentleman's own State, (Kentucky,)
and I can point to the decisions of the supreme
courts of Louisiana and Mississippi, in which it
is ruled that slavery is the creature of local or
municipal law.
Mr. COX. I think I have given the gentleman
enough time, and must interrupt him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a few minutes more. All this debate
has been against my approbation; and when I
stood here yesterday, with a resolution in my
hand to close debate, and when I had obtained
the floor, I yielded to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and I hope he will now allow me to pro-
ceed for a moment longer.
I would call the gentleman's attention, and the
; attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Jones,] who seems to be the champion of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to the principles of
that bill. I confess that I feel a little sensitive at
the mention of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. My
enemies availed themselves of the pretext afforded
by my vote against that measure, to denounce
me as "unsound" upon the subject of slavery;
and though I was sustained by the good sense
of my constituents, and reflected in spite of the
efforts of those who sought to defeat me, and
though I never shall regret that vote, I confess I
found "Jordan a hard road to travel" for &
while. [Laughter.] I was very sincerely op-
posed to that bill; I nave listened very attentively
to all that has been said about it recently, and I
must say I have been somewhat amused at the
different opinions that have been expressed in
regard to it. As a territorial bill, it is unlike
anything which ever passed Congress. It is sui
generis.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Cox]
said yesterday that the clause of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill repealing the Missouri compro-
mise did not restore the old laws upon the sub-
ject of slavery—that the bill did not legislate
slavery into the Territories. I grant this to be
true, for the proviso known as the " Badger pro-
viso" expressly provided it should not, out left
