1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wk
ment which is sent here. That is the document
which figures in my friend's speech on this occa-
sion. 1 will not stop there, but will go on.
Listen! The next item that figures in the ac-
count is:
" On the supposition of the stoppage of the work on May
1, they make the additional claim of $100 per dav untr! the
final settlement, say m three days after the date of the pas-
sage of the act, §3J0."
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him what document lie is reading from?
Mr. BROWN. From the official report sent
here by the President of the United States.
Mr. CASS. I would ask still farther whether,
in that official report, they are merely enumerating
claims of the claimants, or sanctioning them?
Mr. FIT2PATRICK. Enumerating them.
Mr. CASS. So I supposed.
Mr. BROWN. I will state what it is. The
President of the United States was called upon to
lay before the Senate the probable damages if this
work was arrested. He sent the paper to the
Secretary of War, and the Secretary of War sent
it to Colonel Bell, and Colonel Bell sent it to Bird
& Company, the contractors. They made out
this bill, and the President of the United States
sent it here.
Mr. CLAY. He did not indorse it.
Mr. BROWN. Did not my friend from Ala-
bama [Mr. Fitzpatiuck] indorse it?
Mr. FITZPATIUCK. No, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Is not that the staple of his
speech? Has he not told you of the enormous
damages of stopping the work?
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I said I would not un-
dertake to give tiny opinion about the correctness
or incorrectness of the items of the damages.
Mr. BROWN. I know in the beginning- that
the very moment you probed this thing the whole
matter of damages would vanish into thin air. It
is a paper sent here, I care not by whom, that
the summing up might be looked at, and you told
that you are to be called on to pay $24,849 10
upon acontractfor $28,500, when but £33 97 worth
of work had been done. That is the summing up
of the report, and that is all of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itseemsthatat a certain
period none of this work had been done, and the
senator now states that it has been carried on
until one story has been erected. I wish to ask
whether it was not understood that this matter
was under discussion before Congress?
Mr. CROWN. Ofcourw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was there any necessity
for going on with it during that discussion?
Mr. BROWN. None, as I understand, evoept
that the executive Government determined to go
on any way.
Mr. CASS. Did they not make a contract ?
Mr. BROWN. They do not execute all con-
tracts rigidly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is why
they did not stop at that time ? What was the
need of having the damages increased ? :
Mr. BROWN. Twenty-four thousand dollars '
was the estimate then. T suppose iho damages
could not have exceeded twenty-four thousand
dollars in any event, when the whole building ,
was to cost ^2S,G00.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Might not the object be j
to increase the damages before the work was :
finally stopped? ' ;
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as I predicted <
in the outset, my friend from Alabama has dwelt!
at large on the amount of this reservation which :
has already been given up. He says you have i
run the canal through it, you have run streets '
through it, and given portions of it for one pur-
Fose and some for another: and he asks me why !
was not here to object at that time. 1 will state 1
to him the reason, i was not a member of either '
House of Congress et thar time. So far as I (
know, or believe, no encroachment on the Mall
has been made since I have been a member of
Congress. The location of the Smithsonian In- !
stuution was the last that was made there, but 1
that was made I think before I came here. This
is a sufficient answer to all that argument, so far .
as it lehues to me personally. T
I have only to recapitulate now what I have ii
said before, that my objection to putting this
house there is carrying out the very objection
which my friend from Alabama makes. I never
would have allowed the streets to go there. I
never would have changed the direction of the
canal, so as to put it almost through the center of
the western part of the Mall. I never would have
sold out lots on either side of it. I never would
have put the Smithsonian Institution there. I
would have the ground precisely as it was laid off
by George Washington if I had had my way; but
these things are not to be repaired now. All we
can do is to arrest these encroachments when we
may, and that is the point I make before you
to-day.
In regard to the President's message on this
matter, my friend from Alabama comes forward
to tell us what the President says about it. I
have before me his first report, but from aught
that appears on the face of it, the whole order of
Congress was executed not by the President, but
by Colonel H. K. Craig;, Thatjn the first report.
I supposed when I got it that this thing had been
done as Mr. Marcy writes letters abroad—in the
name of the President. The Secretary of State
writes them as he wants them; and he says," The
President told me to say so," or " I am instructed
by the President to do so and so.99 A great many
things are done in his name that he knows noth-
ing about, and which he takes no hand in. I take
this to be one of them. I had a right to think so
from the report whlckhe himself sent to us. But
I repeat again, that in the commencement there
was no purpose to rebuke the President, no pur-
pose to find fault with the Secretary of War.
The whole object and aim of the nvovement was
simply to rescue a reservation from ruin without
rebuking anybody. With these remarks, I leave
the subject.
Mr. FITZPATRTCIC. Mr. President, in my
opening remarks I designed to trespass as little
as I possibly could on the attention of the Senate,
and I declined giving the items of the damages;
but, as the Senator from Mississippi has given
a partial account of them, I will enumerate the
items. I concur with him, that GOO claimed
for a few dollars expended for labor would cer-
tainly be an exorbitant charge; but I think there
is another, and more proper v iew of this question.
I must, fortiie purpose of vindicating the parties
interested in this matter, say that I never took
the giound that the Administration had indorsed
these items. I expressly said they were damages
made out by the contractors. They were sub-
mitted as the damages that would be claimed by
those who had undertaken the construction of the
buildings. I did not say the Administration had
sanctioned it; for I presumed, as everybody
knows, that the Administration was well aware
that they had no power to do so. ( believe they
are not in the habit of going m advance and as-
suming power, especially in the payment of
money. I do not think thnt, among the faults
charged to fhe Administration, they will ever be
charged with that. The great difficulty with .some
has been that they have been too economical.
To show that my friend has not stated fairly the
account for damages, ht me rend a portion Of
them. The fn st iti m charged is for on--, hundred
and twelve window-fiau" s. These, I presume,
had been bought already piopared. The cost of
them was ^1,310. The next i<« for rough sheds
tor work to be done in, £100. But let me give the
statement:
Stat"meat of Somair^s ai presented fn/ the contractors of the
Did-, ift Sirinnr-i, 11. Bird i\ Co.,i>r their letter of April
£9. J8o'5. marked C, uiariwcr to the resolution of the Sao ate
O) il 521, ld56.
p,rst.~-They piopo=e to turn ov^r to the United
on or about Mav I. «-v>S. on the svonud of the Armo>\,
the pron^ry of the latter, tin- following materials, whereof
the c<>i or puce l y the contiact herein, a iz •
mwtvlow frames yl 310 00
2iou:*h sheds  1P0 00
I -ets of vviouyht-uon door-tender.-  100 00
24 ca-.r-iron column-, coibrlb, cap?:, and J2
Wiou^ht-nnn bolts    1.123 9G
285 feet cast-iron spouting  i0<:  oO
Blue lock foundation*  GJ4 21
E\ca\ation  97
Morlai. cement. and &and    S-j 00
Inside lliling; in  77 00
a.i,000 common bricks  9^0 GO
Biowti cut *ton«     l,4Jo U
Granite pillar ba-es, .. 0O
Granite uoor-silH   — -  2;0 (i0
Amount by contract price .'55,534 SO j
Note—According to the best estimate that can
be made, the sale of the above materials at .
auction on the ground would not probably
bring more than about one quarter of the con-
tract price, if so much. Their value to the
United States, there!ore,froin the best inform-
ation we have, may beset down at one quarter
of the above...  1,383 70
Leaving the remaining three quarters as a dam-
age to the United States on account of this
item $4,151 io
That is a little different from what my friend
stated. Again:
Damages to Loss to
pay Bird the U. &
$ Co.
Second—After delivering the above
materials on Vw ground to the
United States, on or about May 1,
1856, they then claim, (that is, on
May 1, 1856,) should the order to
stop work be received on that day,
damages to the amount of .$15,408 00 $15,406 00
Third —Then on the suppo.-mon of
the stoppage of tiffe work on May
1, they make the additional claim
of $100 per day until final settle-
ment, say in three day* after the
date of the passage of the act.... 300 00 300 00
Now, does not everybody know that gentle-
men who contract to construct a building of this
magnitude are necessarily compelled to employ
a large number of workmen, and make an im-
mense outlay? They simply put, it at a rough
calculation, at $100 a day,
Mr. BROWN. What for? Will my friend
oblige me by telling me what it is for ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. For stopping the work
from that time until the settlement.
Mr. BROWN. I will simply suggest that, if
the work is stopped, the hands, as a matter of
course, are discharged; the work cannot go on
any longer. It is not a work suspended, but
stopped. I cannot see any use in that.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. Let me conclude this
statement:
Damages to Losi to
'pay Bird the U, S.
*S Co.
Whence, the total damages to Bird
St Co., (^uppos-jng the work
stopped on May I, L656,) arid the
loss to the United States, would
be—
Amount of damage?? and loss on
May 1,18',6 $15,706 00 $19,857 10
Note.—In this en^e of paying Bird
& Co. #lo,408 — deducting the
one quaiter for winch the "prop-
erty wouldaell—the United States
would, in lact, only pay them the
difference, viz: $14*0:22 30.
Fourth.—But then, on the supposi-
tion that the work w not stopped
on the IstotMay, !85G,they make
the following additional charge,
viz : The contract price for all
work and materials /wished or
commenced between the 1st of
May, 1S.)8, and the date [un-
known] they may bo oidercdto
stop work.
Notf.—The only mean* of ascer-
taining tlus probabie u.uly mnmmt
o! tlu  item would he tne supposi-
tion that the work ouid be tin-'
Msed m about thioe-rjurirterrf of a
yeur, or about two hundred and
twenty-five working da\s, at the
total c'o<t ofthoir contract of about
; which would give a
1 daily expendituie of $'128, be-
tw e<m tin* l--t ol May and the date
of the order of stoppage. And
I fcupposiiuc somp fvpo day for the
' latter—as the l.-:t of July, 1858—
then fiity-two woikmg-days, at
j $1-28 per day, would give the cost
to die Urntfd ►State.'*-, up to the 1st
of July, 1856, of. §6}656 0Q
. From which duuuet one
i fomth th<* eo-t of the
i material of this item of
material, wheh would
belong to the United
States, nud would piob-
ably sell a', auction for
that amount.   1,664 00
Leaving the remaining
tinee fourths as a loss to
the I'mted States, who
would, in fact, in tins
case, only nay Bud &
Co. the difference, viz : 4.999 00 6,656 00 4,992 00
Fifth. — Supposing, therefore, the
Older ot stoppage or the passage
of the law of repeal to be on the
1st of July, 1856; then they make
the further claim, from the date
