1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
tion is not before the Senate. It lies oyer under
the rule, and 1 announced to the Sen'ate that I
should not call it up in hot haste. I am perfectly-
willing to wait any reasonable time. I think it
is very indefinite, however, to wait for the Pres-
ident's message, for we may never get that. The
resolution lies over under the rule.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors ware
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVE!
Wednesday, December 19, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The business first in order was the considera-
tion of the following resolution, upon which Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio, Was entitled to the floor:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
■the election of a Speaker viva voce, and if, after the roll
shall have been called tinee times, 110 mcinhei i.iiall have
received a majority of the whole number of votes, the loll
shall again be called, and the member who shall then re-
'eeive the largest number of votes, piovided it be a majority
of a quoium, shall be declared to be chosen Speaker.
Mr. THORINGTON. I believe it is under-
stood that, when an adjournment takes place, the
matter under consideration passes from before the
House; in other words it falls; an<l, in order to
be continued before the House, requires to be
offered again. The wish has been expressed that,
inasmuch as no vote was taken yesterday, a vote
should be taken this morning before any discus-
sion takes place. According, therefore, to what
seems to be a general desire, I shall not again
Present my resolution; or, if it is still before the
louse, I withdraw it, with the understanding
that I shall, at some future time, perhaps in the
course of the day, renew it. [Cries of " Call the
roll i"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will merely remark that I
suppose if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] desires to speak, he is entitled to the floor—
'his right holding over from yesterday.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the floor; and if he claims it he will
proceed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, I did desire
to speak to the resolution introduced by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and shall perhaps avail my-
self of the opportunity to speak to it if it shall
be introduced in future. But 1 have no such
ardent desire to talk to the House in its present
condition, as to require the floor in virtue of my
right holding over from a former day.
There are some circumstances connected with
the discussion of yesterday which might create a
disposition on my part to say something m reply to
suggestions Which were made, and particularly the
proposition of the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] to read out of the Amer-
ican organization every member of this House
who is not willing to come here with a padlock
upon his tongue in reference to a subject of deep
and lasting interest to the people of the country.
I come here an advocate of full and free discussion,
in reference to every great proposition which shall
be made in this House. But this discussion I re-
gard now as premature. When the time arrives
to discuss this question, I am wiling' to meet that
gentleman, agreeing with him as I do in all the
material points of Americanism on the one hand,
and in opposition to the unbroken phalanx of the
Administration tvpon the Nebraska bill, on the
other, in a hand to hand struggle upon this or
any other question; but for the present I desire
to throw no obstacles in the way of the organi-
zation of the House; and the resolution of the
gentleman from Iowa having, as I understand,
been withdrawn, I hope the Clerk will proceed
to call the roll. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The CLERK then called the name of Mr.
Aiken, and received a response.
Mr. BARCLAY. I desire to make a personal
explanation.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is too late,
the call of the roll having commenced.
The call was then gone through with. Be-
fore the result was announced—
Mr. McMULLIN said ; Mr. Clerk, before I
give my vote, I desire to know whether or not it
is competent, at this stage of the proceedings,
for me to move a call of the House ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not.
_ Mr. McMULLIN. When the House ad-
journed last evening I believe it was generally
understood that we were to be entertained this
morning by a speech from the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and there are,
in consequence, some gentlemen absent from the
House. I do not know that an election can be
effected on this vote, but 
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that no elec-
tion can be effected on this vote.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I will not press the
matter further.
The Clerk then announced the following as the
result of the sixty-fifth vote for Speaker: Whole
number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice,
110; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 102
William A. Richardson  73
HemyM. Fuller  38
Benjamin Jb\ Leiter      2
John Williams  3
James L.Orr  1
Joshua fl. Jewett      1
Nathaniel G. Foster .    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Mcs^rtf. Albright,Alliaon, Barbour,Ben-
son, BilJinqhuistj Bingham, Bl^ss, Brudsliaw, Brcnton, Buf-
finqton, Burlingame, Jame* II. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,Colfax, Comms,Covode,
Cragin, Cumback, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, l)ean,i)c
Witt,Dick,Dickson,Dofld, Duilee, Edwards, IJinnc, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddmgn, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Ilaiian, Hollo-
way, Thomas K. liorton, Valentine 15. llortoji, Howard,
Tlughston, Kelsey, Kmtj, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Loiter, Mattoson, Mace, Mcachain, Killian Miller,
Moigan, Moil ill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, Andiew
Oliver, Paiker, Poarce, Pclton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
1'ike, Prmgle, Purvianee, Ritclnc, Robbing, Roberta, Robi-
son, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Hheiman, Simmons, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Srranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Tiafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbudge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C Wa-hbuxne, Elhhu 13 WasMurne, I^iael
Washhuiu, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Rirhardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Baiksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, IJocock, Boycc, Branch,
Brooks, Bu:nett.Cadwalader,Caruthcr^,Caskie,Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cralgo, Ciawford,
Davidson, Denver, Dowdcll, Edmundson, Eiiah^h, Faulk-
ner, Floience, Tnomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Hams,
Heibert. Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. JoiTe^, J.
Glaney'Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,McMulhn,McUuoen, Snmh
Miller, Million, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Powell,
Quitman, Iluflin, Rust. Sandidge, Fava^n, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stepltens, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Winslow, and
JohnV. Wri?ht.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile. Bayard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Henry Wmtcr Davis, Edie,
Etliendgc, Eustis, Evan^, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Kennelt, Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Milhvard, Paine, Porter, Pur-
year, Reade, Ready, llicaud, Riveis, Scott, William R.
Smith, Sliced, Swopc, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker,
Whitney, and Zolheolfer.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Jewett—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Foster—Mr. Ilenry M. Fuller.
Mr. BARCLAY. Mr. Clerk, I desire to make
a personal explanation. My colleague from the
Schuylkill district [Mr. Campbell] thought
proper in the morning debate which we had here
on yesterday to refer to my position; and there-
fore it is that I desire to be heard in a word or
two of explanation. In the first place, let me say
to that gentleman, that for my action in this body
I am not responsible to him, nor to this House.
That matter is entirely between my constituents
and myself; and if any defense be necessary for
any vote which I have, or may hereafter, cast,
that defense shall be made to them, and to them
alone.
I understand that the gentleman from the
Schuylkill district on yesterday placed me upon
xhe Free-Soil platform; am I right in my informa-
tion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I did
no^ desire to place the gentleman there. I stated j
that the gentleman, according to my understand- !
ing of the campaign, was elected as an Anti-!
Nebraska Democrat. I would ask my colleague j
whether I am correct in that understanding ? I
Mr. BARCLAY. I will answer that question t
in a moment. I now wish to have a categorical |
answer from my colleague in reply to the que;?- •,
tion whether or not he stated, on yesterday, in
this Hall, that I was a Free-Soiler? I want to
know, also, if he did so express himself, whether
he now retracts it?
Mr. CAMPBELL.' I do not charge that the
gentleman is a Free-Soiler. I stated on yester
day I understood that he was elected as an Anti-
Nebraska Democrat; and that the Democracy of
Pennsylvania had gone into the arras of Free-
Soilism. I do not charge that the gentleman is a
Free-Soiler. He can state whetlierhe was an Anti-
Nebraska man, or not. If he was not, I have not
a word to say. If I am wrong in my under-
standing of his position, he can put me right.
Mr. BARCLAY. I desire to k now whether I
am to understand by the gentleman's remark#
that he did charge me as a Free-Soiler ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that the
gentleman was elected as a Free-Soiler. I have
made no such imputation. I stated that I under-
stood that the gentleman was elected as an Anti-
Nebraska Democrat. I do not charge the gentle-
man with free-soilism. I do not want the gentle-
man to understand that I do so charge him.
Mr. BARCLAY. I so understood the gentle-
man yesterday. However, if he is willing to
withdraw the expression, and deny any intention
of the kind, then I am satisfied. If not, then I
desire to explain to this House my precise posi-
tion on this question; and also the views of the
majority of my constituents. [Cries of "Go
on!" "Hear him!"] We have never had the
slightest sympathy with the Free-Soil political
heresy. And although some gentlemen in our
State have long and furiously rode that hobby,
yet the Democracy in my district have uniformly
regarded it as the exact and complete similitude
of the celebrated horse of the immortal Cervantes
—Itosinantc—as a long, lean, lank, miserable
jackass of a horse. [Laughter.] That was my
feeling, and it was the feeling of the great ma-
jority of the people of the district which I have
the honor to represent upon this floor.
As to my Anti-Nobraska sentiments, I will say
this: When the question camc up in this Hnll, I
was opposed to it. I was opposed to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. I was opposed to
the agitation of the question of slavery, but, I
presume, on very different ground from that now
occupied by the gentlemen who style themselves
the Anti-Nebraska men. I opposed it because I
believed that it was a mere abstraction. I be-
lieved that this House had no control whatever
over the subject of slavery. I believed that the
repeal of the Missouri compromise was unneces-
sary, inexpedient, and uncalled for. I had no
idea of giving the gentlemen who opposed the
Democracy of Pennsylvania and the Union of
these States any pretext, not even the slightest,
for the renewal of the slavery agitation. I had
no idea of furnishing, or assisting to furnish,
them with balls for their empty guns, even though
those balls might be paper ones. I declared such
sentiments upon the stump in my district. I went
before the people on the distinctive ground that
if a bill to restore the Missouri compromise were
to be introduced into this House, I should, from
first to last, cast my vote against it._ And I here
say now, that when such a bill is introduced, I
shall be found, with the solid column of the
Democracy, casting my vote against it. [Ap-
plause.] This is my position on that subject.
Mr. Clerk, I also understand that my colleague
from the Schuylkill district [Air. Campbell]
stated on yesterday that in the State of Pennsyl-
vania there was a marked difference between tho
principles professed by those who style them-
selves Americans, and those of the Republican
or Free-Soil party. He is reported in the Globo
as follows:
"Mr. Campbfll. I distinctly stated that the American,
party of Pennsylvania made no ist-ue whatever on th > qu^-4-
tion of skive-y, or of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Tho Amer-
ican parly of'Pennsjlvania made no i<&ue on that subject.
It wax an open question ad far as thd party was con-
cerned.'5
I will now read from the proceedings of the
Know Nothing Pennsylvania Snte Council, held
in Reading, on Tuesday, the 3d of July. My
colleague from Somerset [Mr. Edie] was elected
president for the en&uins; year. Among the res-
olutions adopted by the convention, I find the
following:
"Resolved) That the repeat of the Missouri compromise
i was an iu$iaction of the plighted faith o( the muon, and.
