1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
but I adhere to the original position which I took,
and which, I think, the Senator cannot answer.
The only question for the Senate to settle to-day
is, not whether the location is a good one, or a
bad one, because that we can change; but whether
we shall abrogate the contract, and pay the
damages, or whether we shall go on with the
contract to build the house? That is the naked
question; and it is a question submitted to the
Senate, to decide which is best. My judgment
inclines me to the conviction that, if you abrogate
the contract, you will pay out the whole amount,
or nearly the whole amount, of the original sum,
in the way of damages, and get no house; whereas,
by going on with the contract, you will get the
house, and pay very little more than if you did
not get the house. You can do as you please; I
care nothing about it.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, since the matter
was discussed in the Senate some time ago, I have
passed by the place where the armory is being
built, and I am bound to say that I think it a very
excellent spot. JThat is my individual opinion.
"We are predisposed in this country to run into
an excess of legislation, or rather we are running
into the administration of the country too much.
"We are converting ourselves into a body of ad-
ministration instead of a body of legislation. It
is safer to give the executive officers the authority,
and hold them responsible, than to come to Con-
gress m regard to every question connected with
the location of an arsenal or an armory through-
out the country, and other matters of that kind.
It seems to me that this tendency is exceedingly
unwise. I have seen it for many years, and con-
sider it improper. In this case we authorized
the executive officers of the Government to make
a selection, and they have done it. Whatsis the
objection to the location? My honorable friend
from Mississippi looks to the integrity of the
original reservations. I have not discovered, nor
do I know to tins day, that the places marked as
reservations on the original plan of the city were
intended forever to remain vacant. I take it for
granted, from the structures which have been
erected and those contemplated, that it was not
intended. I go further, and I say that in my
opinion the erection of buildings on many of them
would be an advantage. If you were to put up
this armory,and twenty other buildings, on these
grounds, there would be vacant space enough in
this city to suit its wants, health, and comfort,
for generations to come. I think the Smithsonian
Institution, instead of being an injury, is an ad-
vantage to these grounds. I think that more
buildings would be advantageous. This piece of
ground is out of all proper proportion to the size
of the city.
I shall not enter into an argument on this ques-
tion on such a day as this. I have no feeling
about it. I do not know these contractors from
Adam; I do not know even their names; but
allow me to say that it is the most natural thing
in the world that they should go on with their
contract if they had one, and not await the action
of the Senate. We have had the subject before
us for four, or five, or six months, and they have
had a contract m their pockets all this time. We
could not reasonably suppose that they would
wait for us. No man can blame them for going
on. I think that we should determine the ques-
tion now, at any rate, one way or the other.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have only one suggestion to
make to my friend from Michigan. He says we
are too much disposed by legislation to interfere
with the executive government. He tells us that
the President was authorized to locate this build-
ing; that he has done it; and therefore we have
no business to interfere. Now, suppose the Pres-
ident of the United States had located it on the
square surrounding the Capitol: would you not
have interfered, and ought you not to have inter-
fered?
Mr. CASS. I do not say that, in an extreme
case of abuse, you should not look into it, and
inquire, i say you should. If the President were
foolish enough—I hardly know what term to
give it—to propose to erect such a building under
our windows, in virtue of any discretionary
authority, we ought to stop it; but it does not
therefore follow that we should interfere in every-
thing.
Mr. BPtOWN. Then I do not see precisely
the line where the executive power begins, and
the legislative stops. If you have a right to say
to the Executive that he has made an improper
location for a building, you have a right to change
it from one place as well as from another. If you
have no power to interpose, you should not do
it if he put the building directly in front of the
Capito!.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to make an inquiry
of my friend from Tennessee, for I felt very much
inclined to concur in opinion with him on one
point. I understand him to say that we can go
on with this building under the law, and change
the site without incurring damages.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; I did not
say that.
Mr. PUGH. The damages will be as great in
case of a change as in case of the stoppage of the
work.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 said we might
go on and construct a building under the original
contract, and if it should be found necessary, on
further investigation, to changes-he locality, that
might be done. The cost of whatever work has
been done by way of excavation and the delivery
of materials would be damages, and the material
would have to be carried from that point to such
other as might be selected. I understand that the
house is more than half finished; the materials
are ready to putin, the doors, the window-frames,
and other things. This can all be carried to a
new location without loss, and the only damage
we could sustain would be in the amount of ex-
penditure for excavation, which I understand the
Senator from Mississippi to estimate at $33 97,
and the cost of the removal of the materials from
this site to another, if it be deemed advisable to
remove it. If you go on with it where it is, of
course there will be no damages.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should concur in that
plan if I thought it practicable. But now 1 wish
my friend from Tennessee to hear my suggestions
on" that point, for I do not desire to enter into the
discussion at large. Although I understand that
these contractors are constituents of mine, I do
not know them; I have no personal acquaintance
with them; and I did not know that they were
my constituents unul I heard it just now. The
Senator from Tennessee seems to think that we
have the power to do what he suggests. He
must recollect that it takes two to make a con-
tract. These gentlemen have a contract for the
purpose of erecting a building at a certain site;
now, how are you going to change it by act of
Congress ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend cer-
tainly does ndt comprehend the point which I
make. I have not urged the removal of the site;
I do not urge it now. 1 say, if it shall turn out
on investigation that it ought to be removed, we
must pay the damage that may accrue on the re-
moval. If, however, we have no power to annul
the contract, or rather to change it to this extent,
how can you annul it in toto, as proposed by this
bill?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I agree that we have no
power to annul this contiact without paying
damages; and if we undertake now to change
the contract, it will result in no building at all,
because you must refer it to the same officers or
some othrr executive officers to execute the con-
tract. We here cannot execute a contract—we
are not the proper body to do that.
The proceedings of to-day are a commentary
on our assumptions of powers not properly per-
taining to us/ This is an appeal in regard to an
executive matter from an Executive Department,
and we undertake to determine this appeal, with-
out giving the officer ail opportunity to be heard.
Now, sir, all the powers of this Government are
not in the Congress, or the Senate of the United
States. We have an executive department pro-
vided for. The honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, says that the site selected for this building
is not a proper one. The Executive Department
says it is. Is the Senate of the United States a
proper tribunal to dispose of appeals of this
sort? The Senator from Michigan has well
said that we undertake to legislate too much, and
upon too many subjects. We undertake to say
what kind of a gun shall be purchased for the
Army, where an arsenal shall be located, where
an armory shall be located. We enter into the
details when it is utterly impossible for us to do
it with anything like judgment. That must
be done by those who make a personal view of
the premises. Now, we are actually about to
determine this appeal, without ever having read
the judgment of the tribunal from whose judg-
ment we undertake to dissent. We are to determ-
ine this question upon appeal, without reading the
judgment of the tribunal appealed from. Sir, I
am against it.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, this is a subject
of which I confess I was entirely ignorant until
this debate commenced, and, without meaning
any sort of discourtesy to the gentlemen who
have participated in it, I must say that I have
not been much enlightened by the discussion. I
think my colleague, and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, have displayed a good deal of excite-
ment on the question, and the pointy to which I
wish to direct the attention of the Senate are
those to which my own mind was especially di-
rected, and upon which they did not enlighten
me.
Now, what was the original object of setting
apart the ground ? As I understand, from a very
cursory and hasty examination of the report of
the Secretary of War, the original purpose was
to preserve all this ground as a public walk,
promenade, or play-ground. I have learned
something of the etymology of the word " Mall"
which I did not know before. It seems to have
originated in this wise—that a place appropri-
ated, in London perhaps, for playing with mall
and ball, was called the Mall. I suppose it is a
Saxon word. I do not think it can he derived
from any Greek or Latin root. I wish to call
the attention of Senators to the map before me.
Here, colored with green, is the ground which
was originally reserved for the Mall. Now, I
suppose the primary object was to prevent any
building from being erected on it, and to reserve
it for the recreation of the citizens of Washing-
ton, and the itinerants who might be here. Sen-
ators will see by this map how it has been inter-
sected already.
Mr. PUGfl. I will call my friend's attention
to the fact that that original plat has the site of a
house, on it. General Washington intended a
National University to be on it, and it is so
marked.
Mr. CLAY. Now, I have before me a plat
showing the present condition of the ground. vVe
find it intersected by as many as six streets north
and south. It is also intersected by the Wash-
ington canal, and it has been cut off on each side
by a street. The subject of all this dispute is
tlis erection of the building at the corner of one
plat of the Mall, containing ten plats altogether.
It appears to me from a mere inspection of the
map—when we take into consideration the fact
that the Mall is already dotted over \yith build-
ings, that it has the Washington monument near
the river, the Smithsonian Institution next, then,
conservatories and hot-houses near the Capitol,
and that at various corners of it there are build-
ings of some kind or oth^r—that there is a great
deal of fuss about a very small and insignificant
matter. I do not think that the location of this
building will incommode any citizen of Wash-
ington, nor interrupt his plays or pleasures in
the public grounds m the slightest degree, nor do
I sec that it is going to mar the beauty of this
public reserve, or play-ground, in any manner.
Sir, I should like to inquire who are the parties
to this contract? for, although there is said to
have been great wisdom in the allegorical repre-
sentation of Justice by the ancients as blind, and
thereby incapable of distinguishing the parties at
ail, I have always found that I could decide a
case better where I kne the parties. I should
like to know who it is that is taking such excep-
tion and bringing such grievous complaints
against the action of the President? Who are the
parties to this controversy? Who is complaining
about this gross abuse of the executive power-
about this grievous wrong which is going to be
inflicted upon somebodyin the city ot "Washing-
ton ? I want to know who is to be injured by it?
Mr. BROWN. I can answer the Senator very
easily, I understand this public reservation to
be the property of the people of the United States,
and not the property of the city of Washington,
or any other city. I understand myself to bean
American Senator, and to be charged in that
capacity with the protection of the public inter-
ests here. On my responsibility as a Senator* I
