1855.]
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
truths" have been boldly declared to be "self-
evident iies." That in this Hall they have been
treated with contempt; and this Government, in-
stituted to sccure freedom to all men, has been,
and now is, wielded to destroy the liberty of a
portion of the people, and to render them slaves.
Against this prostitution of our national influ-
ence the people have spoken in the most em-
phatic and unmistakable language. Yet the
advocates of those doctrines of our fathers in
this Hall are denounced as "fanatics," "section-
alists," "Abolitionists," and nearly all the epi-
thets furnished in the English language are
heaped upon us. Gentlemen, in the paragraph
quoted from that immortal instrument which, as
it descends to coming generations, and its doc-
trines shall be better understood and appreciated,
■will reflect greater and still greater honor upon
its author,—In that, I say, you have the creed,
the "platform," the doctrines of the Republican
party of 1855. They are the same now as they
■were held by the Republicans of 1775, and will
continue the same while God shall govern the
world. These doctrines were then sustained
upon the battle-field; they are now upheld by
the more peaceful operation of the ballot-box.
Our fathers bled to sustain them, and we shall
prove ourselves unworthy descendants of those
noble sires if we shrink from the frown of
slaveholders, or the miserable assaults of dough-
faces.
In the language of those patriots, we hold that
"all men are endowed with this right to liberty
by their Creator;" not by the President, nor
by Congress, nor by State Legislatures, nor by
human constitutions, nor by human laws, bat
by the "omnipotent Mind;" and that it is the
office of human laws, and constitutions, and legis-
lation, " to secure -these rights;" not to rob men
of them—nor to suffer such robbery to be perpe-
trated under its jurisdiction or by its consent.
"When we say " all men are thus endowed,"we
mean what we say. We do not refer particularly
to the high or the low, the rich or the poor, the
noble or the ignoble, the man of light or of dusky
complexion; but we speak of all who bear the
image of God, whose countenances beam with
immortality. All such are endowed by their
Creator with the inalienable right to freedom.
Mr. Pierce and the Democratic party, by their
words and acts, deny these truths. Jefferson
and Pierce are at issue. The Congress of 1776
laid down doctrines which were denied and repu-
diated by the Congress of 1854. :
Mr. SMI TH, of Virginia. Why is it that your
party has assumed the name of Republicans ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. For the reason that we ad-
vocate the principles, stand upon the doctrines,
and advocate the policy of the Republicans of
1776—the founders of our Government. They
consecrated this Republic to the support of liberty; i
we do the same. They excluded slavery from
their Territories; we do the same. They left the
States to guide their own governments within
their own jurisdictions; we do the same. Their
doctrines are our doctrines; their name is our
name; their God is our God.
Mr. SMITH. Why did you not take the
name before ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Our party has just been
formed. It yet stands at the baptismal font; !
christened " Republican," and consecrated to
the support of liberty by the most solemn obliga-
ations resting on men, on christians, or statesmen. !
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know whether
the gentleman drafted this resolution ?
"Resolved, That we will support no man for Speaker
who is not pledged to carry out the parliamentary law, by
giving to each proposed measure ordered by the House to '
be committed, a majority of'such special committee; and '
to organize the standing committees of Vie House by placing
on each a majority of the friends of freedom who are favor-
able to making reports on all petitions committed to them."
If you are the author of that resolution, was
it adopted by the caucus?
.Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. LETCHER.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
Mr. LETCHER.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
Hear me through.
One question at a time.
Very well, then; go on.
I thank the gentleman for
propounding the question. I drafted the resolu-
ttmi it was adopted at a meeting fbr conference,
butnot at a caucus. There was no secrecy about
it. It has long been in print, with all the circum-
stances attending its adoption. The constant
perversion of the parliamentary law for the last
twenty-five years, by the party to which the gen-
tleman belongs, called loudly on all lovers of the
Constitution to stand forth boldly for the correc-
tion of the abuses which that party introduced
and have so long sustained. They have long
deceived and insulted the people of the free States.
The parliamentary law and the rules of this
House require our committees to consider and
report on all petitions and other matters referred
to them for consideration. The people of the free
States have constantly sent their petitions here,
praying Congress to repeal the laws of this national
Legislature which sustains the slave trade in this
District, and upon our southern coast. A still
more revolting practice has attained in this Dis-
trict. Here boys and girls are reared for market,
like sheep or swine, and sold at the proper age.
This disgusting practice is sustained by congres-
sional enactment; and the party to which -the
gentleman belongs hns for twenty-five years lent
its influence to sustain and protect this infamous
pursuit, as well as to uphold this commerce in
human flesh. This object has been effected by
fraud, by violation of the parliamentary law, and
of the rules of this House. To maintain these
atrocious practices the Speaker arranges the
committees by placing on them a majority of
members favorable to maintaining this slave trade
and the rearing of slaves. Thousands of peti-
tions come from the people of the free States,
praying the repeal of the acts of Congress by
which these flagrant iniquities are upheld and
protected. They are respectfully received and
referred to committees selected for the purpose
of holding them in perpetual silence. Being sent
to those committees, they remain with them.
They constitute that bourn from whence no pe-
tition for the abolition of the slave trade returns;
nor will they report thereon. The committee, in
flagrant violation of the parliamentary law, and
the rules of the House, and their constitutional
duties, hold such petitions in perpetual silence.
All memorials on these subjects since A. D. 1828,
now lie entombed in the office of the Clerk of
this body.
The northern Democrats fete for a Speaker of
this description. They know when they give
their votes that such will be the action of the
Speaker. They, therefore, as really vote to sus-
tain the slave trade and the rearing of children for
market, as though their votes were given on the
direct question of supporting those abhorrent
crimes; but' their people do not see the connec-
tion between the vote of their representatives for
Speaker, and the crimes which those votes sus-
tain. The people are deceived, the rules of the
body violated, the Constitution trampled upon,
and humanity outraged. The people have the
constitutional right to be heara. When they
send respectful petitions to us, they are entitled
to respectful answers. I do not say their peti-
tions shall be granted. If the committee really
think that the slave trade and the practice of rais-
ing human stock for market are of themselves
just and proper in this civilized, this Christian
nation, let them say so. If they agree with the
petitioners, let them say that also. But they are
now held in silent contempt. We insist they
shall be respectfully answered.
_ An entirely different practice prevails with peti-
tions in favor of slavery. Let a slaveholder send
his memorial to this Dody, asking Congress to
pay him from the funds collected from northern
laborers for the loss of his slaves, and such peti-
tion is at once considered, and respectfully re-
ported upon. This invidious distinction between
northern and southern petitions ought not, and,
so far as my influence extends, shall not continue.
We shouldf deserve the contempt of our people if
we longer submit to these insults. We demand
the same respectful treatment for northern men and
northern petitions that we grant to southern men
and southern petitions. We are in earnest on the
subject. We discard the offensive sectionalism
which has so long been manifested. On this sub-
ject there is but one feeling among our people.
Not a member of this body from the free States
could be returned hen> a^tun, if his constituents
were conscious of his voting to continue this
practice, so insulting to the self-respect of the
people of the free States.
Now, gentlemen, I feel some degree of pride
in having penned this resolution. 1 am perfectly
willing the world should regard nie as its author.
It embraces two points. We vote for no man
who by his character and conduct is not pledsed
to carry out the parliamentary law. This is the
first point to which slaveholders object. They
intend the Speaker shall violate that law, as they
have done for the last twenty-five years. This
constitutes the first issue. The next is, he shall
place on the principal committees a majority of
the friends of freedom favorable to making re-
ports on all petitions referred to them; not merely
petitions from the North, or from the South—not
merely those which pray for the abolition of the
slave trade, and to prohibit the practice of rearing
children for market, but they shall report on all
i petitions referred to them, even those pravingthe
continuance of the crimes referred to. To this,
the Democratic party also take exception. They
: say the committees shall not report on petitions
in favor of freedom, of civilization. This consti-
j tutes the sccond issue. We would deal out equal
i justice to all men, and to all sections of the coun-
try. Pro-slavery men and pro-slavery petitions
shall be treated with the same kind attention
which anti-slavery men and anti-slavery petitions
receive. Equal rights,equal privileges,and equal
justice to all men constitute the whole substance
of this resolution. It embraces that pcrfect rule
of human conduct, of doing unto others as we
would have them do unto us. Under these cir-
i cumstances, the resolution was drawn up and
presented, and unanimously adopted. I rejoiced
at this unanimity, and am thankful to God that
I have lived to see Representatives from our free
States thus candidly and firmly demand that the
petitions of ourpeople shall receive the respectful
attention of this body.
And now, having given a distinct and categor-
ical answer to the interrogatory of my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] I desire to propound
a question to him: Would you, sir, vote for a
Speaker that you believed would thus strangle
petitions from the North ?
i Mr. LETCHER. I will vote for a Speaker
who will do his duty fairly and justly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I never knew my friend to
be astride the fence before. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I will never vote for any
man whose character and conduct are so doubt-
ful that I must demand pledges from him that he
will be honest. [Cries of " Good, good !"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call on this House and
the country to witness the fact that the gentleman
! evades my question. He dare not give a direct
answer. He dare not say that he agrees with
the resolution to which he referred; nor dare he
sav that he is opposed to it, or would vote for a
Speaker who would arrange the committees so as
to entomb northern philanthropy when it comes
here in the shape of petitions. He thrust his
interrogatory upon me. I gave him a direct
categorical answer. I knew I was right. I know
that the people, my own conscience, and God,
will approve the course we have taken. And
now, in turn, I propound to him a plain and
simple interrogatory. He, a slaveholder, dodges,
evades, and gives no answer. He dare not meet
truth and justice at this forum. I desire him to
say here, before the country, that he wishes to
protect and continue the abhorrent crimes of
slave-breeding and slave-dealing in this District,
or that he would permit our petitions on those
subjects to be heard and respectfully treated. He
dodges, evades, and takes no position on either
side. He speaks of pledges. Why, sir, he would
vote for no man who is not pledged by his life
and conduct to continue this insulting treatment
of our petitions. But as I stand here to be ques-
tioned, I hold the reciprocal right of propounding
interrogatories; and if gentlemen will bear with
me, I should like to inquire of the Democratic can-
didate for Speaker, [Mr. Richardson,] whether
he will so arrange the committees as to give re-
spectful answers to petitions which may be pre-
sented on the subject of the slave trade in this
District, and in regard to the more detestable prac-
tice of rearing men and women fbr the market?
