44
appendix to the congressional globe.
[December 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Giddings.
Ho.
of
Reps.
or will he so arrange the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia as to silence those petitions ?
Mr. LETCHER. That is an evasion of the
issue; you were to question me.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have to deal with your
candidate now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You and I are not equal;
you are not a candidate—1 am. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. That gentleman stands be-
fore the country; the eyes of the nation are upon
him. He is a candidate for Speaker. He wants
my vote. I have a right to know his views be-
fore I vote for him, and so has every other mem-
ber of this body; and now, when I propound to
him a most respectful and important question, he
stands mute. He dare not say to the friends of
freedom, that he will, if elected, insult them by
smothering their petitions; nor dare he sav to the
slaveholders he will notthus violate the parliamen-
tary law, and the rights of the people and the spirit ;
of the Constitution, in order to maintain the slave i
trade, and the practice alluded to; yet he is a
gallant man; he quailed not on the battle-field;
but he lacks the firmness to speak out here the j
sentiments of his heart. He says I am not a
candidate. God forbid that I ever should be a
candidate if thereby compelled to lay aside my
independence, my manhood, and fear to speak
the honest convictions of my heart. Sir, when I
hesitate to avow my detestation of the crimes to
which I have so repeatedly alluded; when I hesi-
tate to declare that all my influence, official and
personal, moral and political, shall be constitu-
tionally exerted for the eradication of such ini-
quities from this District, from our Territories,
and from the world, I shall regard myself unwor-
thy to be a candidate for any office before the
American people.
And now, if gentleman please, I will propound
this same question to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] who preceded me, who spoke
as one having authority.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will take a word of advice from me 
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, no advice. I ask a
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. But allow me 
Mr. GIDDINGS. Sir, I ask no advice; God
forbid that I should be driven to such a necessity.
Mr. SMITH. I will tell you what I say in
reference to that. But first let me make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No suggestions. Answer
my question—-ves or no!
Mr. SMITH. If you wish to know how I
would organize the committees, I can only say
that I would organize them so as to advance the
public business in strict conformity to the Con-
stitution and all its compromises, and none other.
Now, you may make the most of that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Gentlemen will mark these
facts.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] can
assail honorable Senators as he lias done here to
day, while they are at a distance, with no oppor-
tunity to answer him. He can denounce them
and talk of the salvation of the Union; but when
a simple interrogatory is propounded, calculated
to draw out his honest feelings and show his
principles and views to the country, he becomes
mute. He evades my question and tells me to
make the most of it. I can make nothing of it. I
wish him to learn that here, at thip forum, is
ample room and verge for the display of his
forensic talents. _ His lofty bearing, his dicta-
torial manner quails before a mere interrogatory
calculated to unveil his motives and intentions.
I again call the attention of the country to this
important fact. I am here interrogated, and those
with" whom I act are assailed, for adopting the
determination expressed in the resolution which
has been read; and now, when I turn and ask our
assailants whether they will, or will not, sus-
tain its doctrine, they and their candidate stand !
speechless. The picture thus presented to the
American people is humiliating. Every gentle-
man is aware that the man of conscious integrity,
yVw knows that he is right, that he seeks to do
justice, to promote the public good, never did,
and never will,fear to avow his doctrines; indeed,
the more •widely he is able to proclaim them, the
more is he pleased and gratified, for the very
promulgation of his doctrines tends to the attain-
ment of his object; while, on the contrary, there
j can be but one motive to conceal the political
! i sentiments which we entertain—that motive is to
deceive the people. I speak frankly and plainly,
! when I declare that if shareholding gentlemen
and their northern allies really believed it. just
and right and proper to protect the rearing of
children for market in this city, and to uphold
the slave trade here and on our southern coast,
they would say so frankly—they would not ex-
hibit before the nation the humiliating spectacle
presented here to-day: not daring to define their
position; fearing to let the people know where
they stand. Why, sir, a frank and open avowal
of their intention to protect those crimes by the
j means adopted for the last twenty-five years,
; would consign to private life every such member
! from a free State, and many from our slave States.
: I now declare, that not a member from a free
State ever will admit that he voted for a Speaker
. expecting him to arrange the committees in the
I manner stated, and so clearly admitted to be
their present intentions.
But, gentlemen, the leading organ of the Dem-
ocratic party takes exception to the resolution,
for the reason that it insists that a majority of j
those committees shall be " friends of liberty." i
The editor thus puts the matter upon the proper ;
issue. He would have the majority on our com-
mittees friends of slavery: friends of slave breed-
ing and of slave dealing. That is the real issue.
The man who votes with thepa, votes for the
protection, for the continuance of these crimes.
He may deny it to his constituents, but he can
only acquit himself of this intention by stultify-
ing his judgment.
Again : gentlemen should understand, that we
also adopted another resolution, declaring " that
it should be no objection to a candidate that he
belongs to the 'American organization,'provid-
ed he carries out the resolution before adopted."
This was due, not only to the members of the
" American organization," but to the country.
They had been discarded and denounced by tne
Democratic party in their resolutions. For the
purpose of electing a Speaker, we associated with
the " Americans" and " anti-Americans," and
all others, on tcrm^of equal privileges and equal
! justice. We object to no man for the reason
that he is a "Know-Nothing;" nor do they
object to a candidate who is opposed to the order.
From our Speaker, when elected, they are to
receive the same measure of justice which we
demand for ourselves. We, who are not of the
order, will receive the same measure which is
dealt out to them; they demand no more; we
can accept of nothing less. Thus, standing on
equal grounds, we can act together without sur-
render of our self-respect, or the just rights of
any individual.
Nearly all those belonging to the " American
order" agree with the Republicans in putting
forth our united efforts to restore freedom to Kan-
sas; that this is the great overshadowing issue
now before the American people. They therefore
cannot act in opposition to Republicans on the
present occasion.
There are others who hold to the 12th section
j of the Philadelphia platform, who differ from us.
, They prefer to let slavery exist in Kansas, yet
I are hostile to the principle of extending it further,
! while the Democrats would permit it to extend
into Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, and Ne-
braska._ The course which those gentlemen will
pursue is unknown to me. They will doubtless
act under the guidance of their own best judg-
ment, and to their own masters they must stand
or fall.
And now I will come to the more immediate
Objeolhad in view when I rose, unless my friend
from Virginia has further questions.
Mr. LETCHER. I have got all I want to go
to my section of the country.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, my friend, with what
emotions do I'hearthat word "section."' Instead
of looking to the general good of our whole
country, we speak of "sections," and pander to
the prejudices of some particular "locality."
Would that we could all feel we are acting for a
nation, for a great antf increasing empire! that
we are acting for coming generations! When
will statesmen understand that the laws of retribu-
tive justice are fixed, determined, and infallible?
Gentlemen of the Democratic party should realize
this great truth. Two years since they held a
large and controlling majority in this Hall. They
then took upon themselves the guilt—they perpe-
1 trated the crime of extending slavery into Kansas.
I I then assured them that the retributive justice
! meted out by that "higher law" which they
I derided would visit them. They held my warn-
j ings in contempt, and now, lo! where are they ?
Nearly every man of that party from the free
, States rests in that political sleep which knows
no waking. Instead of a triumphant majority in
: this Hall, they now number in all seventy-four.
■ The vengeance of the American people is working
| their destruction. They have been "weighed in
j the balances and found wanting." The sentence
of "depart, ye cursed!" has been pronounced
against them. Their story is told, and their
history may now be written. Pardon this digres-
sion in reply to my friend's reference to his "sec-
tionalism." I was just coming to the subject of
our present condition before the country.
The present Democratic minority have boldly
and unmistakably placed themselves before the
country on two issues. First, they proclaim to
the world their intention to permit slavery to exist
in all our Territories; that the power of Congress
shall not be wielded for freedom in any Territory
over which the Federal Government possesses
exclusive jurisdiction. Second, they denounce
the "American order,"or the "Know Nothings"
as they are called, repudiating them and their
doctrines; pronouncing judgment against them
without a hearing.
Opposed to the Democratic party on these issues
stand the entire Republican phalanx, with all that
portion of the "American order," or "Know
Nothings," who hold the Republican doctrine,
that the power of the Federal Government should
be exerted for freedom in the Territories; and that
their order shall be respectfully heard on any
measure they may bring forward, and treated in
the same manner that all other men and associa-
tions of men are treated. "Republicans" and
this portion of the " Know Nothings" agree on
the restoration of freedom to Kansas, while each
man entertains his own views on all other mat-
ters. These constitute the two principal parties.
They are distinctly arrayed against each other.
The issue is one of slavery or freedom to our
Territories. Each party has raised its banner—
"Liberty "being the id otto of one, and "Slavery"
of the other. Each is now active in arranging
their forces, consolidating their ranks, and pre-
paring for tHfe great presidential conflict of the
coining year.
Aside from these parties, standing in a separate
organization, is that portion of the " American
order" who wish to let slavery remain undis-
turbed in Kansas, and wherever it now exists
under the jurisdiction of .tlie Federal Government.
They number some thirty, members, most of them
from slave States'. Besides these three parties,
there are some eight individuals who, as yet,
have not taken their final position with either,
but cast their votes on men who are not voted for
by either organization.
This, then, is our position before the country.
I am of opinion that, if we were organized, .we
should have a working majority in favor of re-
storing freedom to Kansas; yet that is at present
doubtful. Without such a majority we do not
desire the Speaker. It were useless to us to elect
thatofficer unless we can sustain him after elected.
The time has, therefore, arrived when, in my
opinion, every man should stand forth boldly;
let him take his position distinctly before the
country, and let the nation know where he stands
—what are his principles—where will he place
himself on the record now being made for cpraing
time. Does he wish to stand before the nation,
and before coming generations, as an advocate
and defender of liberty ? or will he inscribe hi?
name on the roll of slavery's advocates? I know-
that many friends think we should say little or
nothing about these great fundamental principles
which now divide us from the Democratic party.
I entertain a different opinion. I know of no
time more proper for the avowal of our individual
