1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
there is no obligation except it be created by
statute or the letter of the Constitution. I know
there have been a great many persons in the west-
ern States, in early times particularly, who were
in the habit of making plats of towns and selling
by a plat, and because it was not recorded, (al-
though individuals were deceived into a purchase
under the supposition that there was to be an open
square in the immediate neighborhood of their
lots,) held themselves exempt from the obligation
to keep it open and at liberty to make sale of it,
supposing that they were under no moral obliga-
tion to maintain it in tiie condition in which they
represented it to be, at the time when they sold it
to the purchaser.
I take it that, though there maybe no legal ob-
ligation on tile part of the Government of the
United States to keep open this ground—though
there is no inhibition on us to legislate upon the
subject, we ought to forbear interfering with the
interests of persons who have become purchasers
under the faith of the plat exhibited to them at
the time when the sales were made. I do not
say that the Government of the United States
may not constitutionally or lawfully erect build-
ings there, but I do say it is a breach of faith,
after these lots have been sold by plan, to break
up the plan merely because you have the power
to do so.
Mr. PUGH. I have a word to say in reply to
the Senator from Missouri. It has been assumed
throughout the discussion, that this ground is
dedicated for some particular purpose. That is an
utter mistake. The United States can sell every
foot of it to-day. The deeds not only contain no
condition, but they use words which my learned
friend from Missouri must admit have received
judicial interpretation, time and time again, to
mean an unlimited, absolute fee-simple to the
Government of the United States. The deeds use
these words; the law uses the same words. The
deeds were before the law—they were made on
no condition; the law is subject to no condition.
The plat was not made till after the deeds and the
law. The plat never was the work of the donors.
Mr. GEjER. I ask the Senator, was not the
plat made before the sale, and was not the sale
according to the plat?
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to the point. Eut
the first question is, what is the title of the Gov-
ernment to this pioperty ? The title is as absolute
as that of the Senator to his own dwelling. There
is no trust in it. The lands were given to the
Government for the Government to do whatever
it pleased with them, i grant you, that if I lay out
ten acrrs in streets and lots, and sell one of the
lots, I am bound to keep the streets there, m
order to give the purchaser his means of ingress
and egress; butif I takea particular piece of prop-
erty, and lay it out as this is laid out, with trees
and walks, and a man buys another piece of prop-
erty, not on the plan, but 011 the original place
of the city, he acquires no right.
All this has been settled by learned men before
our time. One of the first Attorneys General of
the United States gave his opinion; and he says,
111 so many words, that the title of the United
States in this property is absolute: and that pri-
vate persons have no right at all, and cannot
complain at any change of the use. I allude to
the opinion of Charles Lee, in 1799, which is to
be found at page 4 of the Secretary of "War's
report, (Executive documents, No. 88.) Another
Attorney General of the United States, Mr. John
Breckinridge, (a very good name, and he was a
very good lawyer,) gave an opinion to the same
effect, in 1806; and I undertake to say, there is
not a court that would ever sit and hear an argu-
ment on the question, which would not affirm the
opinion of those two gentlemen on the language
of the deeds, and the language of the law.
Now, sir, I intend to vote for this bill. I voted
to instruct the committee to bring it hero. I do
not think we ought ever to have authorized this
armory. 1 am not prepared to vote for any such
expenditure of the public money. I do not be-
lieve in the bill of damages which has been sub-
mitted. 1 think it is preposterous on its face, for
these men to claim that amount of damages; but,
if the armory is to stand, I shall vote to keep it
where it is; for I think it is in the right place.
"Why is Judiciary square less violated than the
Mall, by putting this building there? They are
all the same thing. These squares are generally
called reservations. There is no such term as
44 Mall" in the law, or in the deeds; it has been
applied since. What have you done with it? The
Senate saw the map exhibited by the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.] Was itever intend-
ed that this should be forever open? ^Vhy, a
large portion of it was laid out in lots.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Allow me to interrupt
my friend from Ohio. I understand him to say
that he will vote for the bill, but he does not
design to pay any damages.
Mr. PUGH. 1 do not say that I will not pay
any damages.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Is the Senator aware
that the bill contemplates the payment of dam-
ages ?
Mr. PUGH. The bill says so. It provides
that the Secretary of War shall pay damages, and
I will pay damages according to the settled prin-
ciples of law. I will pay these gentlemen the
difference between their contract price, and what
they could have done the work for. That is the
law, and they cannot alter it by all the bills of
damages which they may make out. What
would have been their reasonable profits on that
job ? The whole amount was $30,000, and when
they state their damages at $>28,000, it only takes
$2,000 more to build the house.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no doubti
the Senator states correctly the law as to damages, i
Mr. PUGH. It has been decided in the court ;
that sits below us. j
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. ButI wish to ask j
the Senator if the contractors, under this bill, j
will not have a right to turn over to the Govern-
ment all the material they have on hand ? j
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. j
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I so understand i
the bill. |
Mr. PUGH. We may take it from them at j
an appraisement. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that i
the bill expressly provides that the Government j
shall take the materials and pay for them. I
Mr. PUGH. Suppose we do take them; they '
are so much credit on account, and thfy reduce 1
a report in which the sum was set down at
#24,849 10.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
the contractors, and 1 am sure it is not the pur-
pose of the Senator from Ohio, or the Senator
from Mississippi, to do them wrong. The Sen-
ator from Ohio says their claim is preposterous
on its face when they claim damages to the
amount of $28,000. Now,theydo not claim any
such damage. They claim that on the 1st of July,
1856, they will have been damaged #24,849 10.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will look at the
next column he will find that the damages to par
Bird & Co. are $22,362, and the loss to the United
States $24,849 10.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand it
perfectly, I think. I have seen both columns,
and I have examined them. The point in which
I wish to correct the Senator from Ohio is, that
these gentlemen, in estimating their damages at
$22,362, embrace the whole amount of invest-
ment made by them. They ha^ve actually in-
vested many thousands of dollars in materials,
and the aggregate of $22,000 embraces the whole
amount of expenditure and work and labor done;
it proceeds on the principle that all the materials
are to be turned over to the Government; that
they are to be paid for the materials they have
purchased. Every man must understand that.
There is not a man on the face of the earth, who
is outside of a lunatic asylum, that would come
before the American Senate, and say that, by
stopping a contract for the erection of a house
which was to cost $28,000 altogether, he was
damaged $22,000 outside of his expenditure for
material. The §22,000 embraces the brick, the
doors, the window-frames, the stone, the sand,
the mortar, the work, and everything that had
been done and furnished, and just what your bill
provides shall be handed over to the Government.
The Government is to go into the market and
sell out these materials; and I affirm here, what
will turn out to be the fact, that whenever you
transfer these materials to the Government, and
put them in the market and sell them, they will
never realize one fifth part of the original cost. If
by so much the claim for damages. The Senator ]! you repeal the law, and discontinue the work,
from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpatiuck] asked me what i you will have no house; and you will have paid
rate of damage 1 would pay. I say 1 will pay
the legal rate of damages, to wit: the difference
between the contract price and the cost of the
house. That is what the man would make; if
this building were complete, he could not make
any more; and when he comes here with a bill of
damages for ^28,000 for a house which was esti-
mated to cost §30,000,1 say it is preposterous on
its face.
Mr. EVANS. You must pay him for the ma-
terials and the work done.
Mr. PUGH. Lot us pay him for the work
done. My opinion is that this man may proba-
bly have five or six thousand dollars damages.
I do not think he can make any more out of it.
However, I do not wish to go into that ques- ,
tion. _ |
The Senate, by a vote, instructed the committee i
to report a bill repealing this appropriation. It |
was debated then. I was satisfied with the vote j
I gave then, and shall adhere to it; but if the j
Senate changes its opinion, and decides to main- :
tain the armory, 1 say there is no breach of law, j
no breach of trust, no breach of faith, no breach j
of any statute, no breach of any dedication, in ;
maintaining it exactly where it is; and if you
change location, the "damages will be almost as
great as if you violate the entire contract. So
that the question is, whether we shall have an
armory at all? I say not; but if we are to have
it, let it remain where it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand my friend from Ohio upon one point; or if
I do understand him, we do not agree. These
gentlemen do not pretend that they have been
damaged $24,000.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator from
Mississippi to say $28,000, but 1 may be mis-
taken. I looked at the gross amount.
Mr. BROWN. I stated that the Senate of the
United States called on the President to report to
this body " what amount of damages will be
incurred by the United States in case of the repeal
of so much of the act of March 3, 1855, as pro-
vides for the construction of an armory in the
District of Columbia," and the President sent in
out more than §20,000 in the way of damages.
Then when you take the materials, and go into
the market with them, who is to sell them? The
President of the United States? Hardly. The
Secretary of War? I think not. Who is to sell
them? Who will be the purchaser? Everybody
knows that when the Government goes into the
market it will be fleeced. Then these materials
are to be turned over; and then, according to the
law, as defined by the learned Senator from Ohio,
(and I have no doubt he is an excellent lawyer,)
the measure of damages will come in as an addition
to the loss on the material. The parties are en-
titled, according to his version, to the difference
between the contract price and what they could
have made. When you get contractors to come
in to prove what they could have made, you will
find that they could have made a very large sum.
You admit that you are bound to pay them that
sum, and you are bound to take tfie material off
their hands and sell it for what you can get for it.
There is no necessity for any feeling about this
matter. It is a simple question of interest for the
Government whether we had better go on to build
the house with the original appropriation, or
whether we shall abandon it and pay damages ?
That is the naked question. I believe it is better
for us to build the house than to pay the damage.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator from Ten-
nessee had better have looked at this column twice,
with due submission to him. It is not pretended
in this bill of damages that the parties have ever
! done any work at all. I acknowledge, if they have
j done the work, we are bound to pay for it, and
• pay the profits.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend will
, allow me to stop him. I will show him that they
| have done a good deal of work. In the first place
' here are one hundred and twelve window-frames.
Mr. PUGH. That is material.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. Is not that work
done ?
Mr. BROWN. You can put them in any other
building.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But they have
done the work. They have made the window-
