l855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
views than the present. As soon as we fully
understand each other we shall be better pre-
pared to take our positions.
For my own part, I would not dcceive any
man, and I would have no man deceive me. We
are strangers to each other; for the first time
most of us have now met. We are constrained
to act together, and, in order to prepare for that
duty, we must know each other, and the prin-
ciples which each entertains.
For myself, and 1 think I may speak for some
others—indeed, for the Republicans generally—-I
may say that the government which we consti-
tute in Kansas should secure all men of that
Territory in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and
happiness. We hold, with the fathers, that this
is the object, the ulterior design of all Christian
Governments. This design the Republicans in-
tend carrying out by constituting a government
in Kansas that shall effect that purpose. My
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] denies
that we have the right to prohibit slavery in
Kansas. I wish to meet him on this point.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do say that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire this issue to be
understood by the American people. I ask his
attention to what constitutes slavery. It is the
subjection of the mind and body of one man to
the will of another. In the words of a southern
jurist: ".4 slave is one doomed in his person and
posterity to lire icithout knowledge, to toil that
another may reap the benefit of his labor. The objcct
is the master's gain: the instrument the perfect
subjection of the slave." The right of self-de-
fense against the chastisement of the master is
taken from the slave. That first great law of
nature, and of nature's God, is repealed, so far
as the slave is concerned,and human enactments
can do it. He is placed in the power of the mas-
ter, who may scourge and torture him; and if the
slave defends his person, the law declares it an
act of rebellion, and the master is at liberty to
take the life of the slave if necessary to reduce
him to subjection.
Mr. LETCHER. The criminal law which
protects me protects my slave.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I would say to the
•laves of Virginia," Defend yourselves!" I would
that I could truthfully proclaim that fact to every
slave in the Old Dominion; that I could say to
them truthfully, "You have the same right to
defend yourselves that your masters possess;
that as your masters may protect their persons
even to the slaying of him who assails them, so
you have the right to defend your persons, and,
if necessary to such defense, you may slay your
masters when they assail you in the same man-
ner that your masters may defend themselves
against your attacks on them." If such were the
laws of Virginia, slavery could not be maintained
there one week. I admit that this right of self-
defense, being a natural right, derived from na-
ture's God v.cannot be modified or repealed by
human enactments, that the slave has ever had,
and still possesses this right; yet the laws of all
slaveholding communities inflict upon the slave
punishment and render him liable to be slain by
the master for exercising this right which God
has bestowed upon him.*
This right of self-defense constitutes the very
gist, the essential feature of slavery; without it
slavery could not exist. Restore to the slave the
right of self-defense, and he at once becomes a
free man. This power of one man over another
constitutes the vilest despotism, the most perfect
tyranny that ever cursed the footstool of God.
The master, at the instance of his own mind,
without trial, without judicial investigation, pun-
ishes and even takes the life of his fellow man.
♦While Mr. Giddinos was speaking, Mr. Letcher denied
this position, to which Mr.GiDDiNos replied, that ifhe should
write out his remarks he would refer tliat gentleman to his
authority. In accordance with this promise, Mr. Giddings
quotes from the revised statutes of Virginia the following
enactment of 1668:
" Be it enacted and declared by this General Jts*embly, If
any slave resist his master, (or other by his master's order
correcting him,) and by the extremity of the correction
should chance to die, that death shall not be accounted
felony, but the master (or other person appointed by the
toaster to punish him) be aequit from molestation."
He thus holds the power of life and death over
his slave. You may look to Austria or to Rus-
sia in vain for a parallel to such despotism; and
we, the Republicans, insist that it shall not exist
in Kansas. The Democrats say it shall be pro-
tected and permitted there; that this Government
shall not prohibit it in that Territory.
Let no man charge me with discussing slavery
in the States where we have not the power to
interfere with it, nor the right to legislate in re- ,
gard to it. The Democratic party have forced it j
into Kansas, and now insist that it shall remain
there. They thus compel us to examine its moral,
its political character; and now, as we are forming
the great parties of the nation on this issue, and
as gentlemen who have preceded me have under-
taken to denounce us as " agitators," as " seclion-
alists," as "fanatics," I deem the present a fitting
occasion to vindicate ourselves before the coun-
try.
This authority of the master to scourge the
slave, and to slay him if he resist, is but the
legalizing of murder; it is giving one man power
and authority to commit the offense of assault
and battery against his fellow-men, and if they
resist he is authorized to slay them. The Demo-
cratic party insist that these crimes shall be per-
mitted in Kansas; that no protection shall be
extended to the weak, the friendless, the helpless
Soor of that Territory. I repeat that we, the
.epublicans, insist that protection to the weak
and friendless should constitute the first and prin-
cipal object, the great leading feature and end of
all Governments, particularly of all Governments
formed underourConstitution. With the founders
of our Republic we hold " that whenever any
form of Government becomes destructive of these
ends, it is the right, it is the duty of the people
to alter or abolish it, and erect new safeguards
for their protection."
It is admitted that the people of Kansas derive
their authority to legislate from Congress. The
very title of the bill purports to give authority to
the people there teerecta Government. We could
not give them, or a portion of them, powers
which we did not ourselves possess, which we
may not now exercise. We have not delegated
to them, nor to any portion of them, authority
thus to scourge and slay another portion of their
fellow-men; nor has nature, or nature's God, be-
stowed such right. But if, as contended, we have
delegated such powers, we are ourselves respons-
ible for their exercise, and every member of this
body who now insists on permitting these crimes
to continue in Kansas is involved in their moral
guilt.
Now, for one, I will not bathe my hands in the
blood, nor stain my soul with the moral guilt of
these iniquities. I stand here before the nation,
and, in the presence of God and my fellow-men,
I declare I will not participate in such wicked-
ness. As a man, a Christian, & statesman, my
feelings revolt at the proposition. Myjudgment,
my conscience, the example of the early Repub-
licans, their declared objects, left upon the records
of our Government, the Constitution of our coun-
try, the laws of God, unite in urging me to oppose
the existence of slavery and its attendant crimes,
not only in Kansas, but wherever we have power
to prohibit it. The Democratic party insist that?
there the master may even kill his slave, if the
slave resists him. Four thousand years since
God himself, in a voice of thunder, proclaimed
from Sinai, "Thou shalt not kill." The
Democrats are endeavoring to repeal this law of
the Most High, and to render that command-
ment void. In thus sustaining slavery they are
fighting against God, and nature, and our com-
mon humanity.
I repeat, that I embrace this opportunity of
speaking frankly my own views, and I trust the
views of Republicans and Christians generally,
in consequence of the unrestrained denunciations
iterated and reiterated against us by the advocates
of oppression. I could not ask a new member to
perform this duty. Indeed I have been led to its
discharge principally for the benefit of our new
members. I desire to hear them speak boldly
when they speak; to give utterance to their
honest emotions; to speak their sentiments, and
avow their doctrines without disguise, and I
would say to them, they need not fear a dissolu-
tion of the Union, of which we have heard so
many intimations this morning.
I feel that this threat of dissolving the Union
should be met promptly at the very threshold of
our session, it has long been held up as the
"scarecrowthe "bugbear" to frighten dough-
faces. These threats come from the slave States.
They are not heard among the public men of the
free States. They never have been uttered by
the friends of Liberty.
A Voice. Did not Sumner threaten to dissolve
the Union?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Never, sir, never, While
from the slave States, from the slaveholding
portion of the Union, they have been almost
constantly proclaimed for the last quarter of a
century. Even now, the leading Democratic
paper of the slave States, the Richmond Enquirer,
almost daily puts forth articles calling on the
people of Virginia to prepare for a dissolution of
the Union. While the public press and the poli-
ticians of that portion of the Union are thus pro-
claiming their intention to dissolve it, they turn
round and charge us of the North with efforts to
effect that object.
The free States have ever been loyal to the
Union—they will remain so. They will not only
refrain from dissolving it, but they will not per-
mit it to be dissolved by the people of the slave
States. It was founded by our fathers; it was
cemented by their blood; and by all the hallowed
recollections which cluster around their memories
we are called on to maintain it. To those who
threaten its dissolution we present an unbroken
phalanx. With unwavering determination we
say to those traitors, you shall not dissolve it. They
should bear in mind that we have now the
majority in this body; next year, with God's
blessing, we will have the President; and in two
years more we will have the Senate. And with
the executive and legislative branches of Govern-
ment in our hands, I think we shall be able to
maintain the Union, and perpetuate the institu-
tions of freedom in our land, until Christianity
and Civilization, now so rapidly advancing, shall
make not only our whole country free, but other
nations shall be led to imitate our example, and
man shall become elevated, and liberty shall
triumph throughout the world.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
REMARKS OF HON. P. WALKER,
OF ALABAMA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
December 18, 1855.
The Resolution of Mr. Thorington, providing
for the election of Speaker, being before the
House—
Mr. WALKER rose and said: I ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa to withdraw his resolution to
enable me to make a personal explanation.
Mr. THORINGTON. I will withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. In taking my seat upon this
floor I had determined, as a general rule for my
action here, not to notice newspaper comments
upon my course. But at this particular juncture,
sir, in the condition of parties in this House, in
view of the great popular anxiety caused by that
condition, by the failure of this House thus far
to effect an organization — knowing the fact,
every member upon this floor, however humble,
however unknown he may be, becomes the ob-
ject of scrutiny, of examination; and I feel it
due to myself and to the party with which I have
acted here, to vindicate my own conduct, and, aa
far as I can, attempt, at least, a vindication of
that party.
I hold in my hand a paper published in the
southern extreme of this Union, a leading paper
in my own district—a paper devoted to the advo-
cacy of the Democratic party of this country
That paper, of the 13th of the present month, in
commenting upon an article to be found in another
paper published in the same city, but which
paper supports the great principles of the Amer-
ican party in that country—I say, in comment-
ing upon that article, <be paper I hold in my
