l£5o.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBjL
M
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McUueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Alordecai Oliver,
OrrVPacker, Peck, Powell, Uuit;nan; RiifFni, Rust, San-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter. Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Warner,
Watkins, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright.
' For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethcridgej Eustis,
Evahs, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Ken-
nettjLakc, Lmdley, Humphrey Marshall, MiHwlird, Fame,
Porter, Puryear, Reade, Heady, ltieaud, Rivera, William
E'. Smith, Sneed, Sivope, Tripp'e, Underwood, Valk, Walk-
er, Whitney, and Zoihcoffer.
For My. Letter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
- For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison and Scott.
•For Mr. Orr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Edie.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Richardson.
■ For Mr. Foster—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. WALKER said: Before I cast my vote, I
desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Fuller] the question which was pro-
pounded to him by the gentleman on the opposite
side of the House, from the State of New York,
[Mr. Sage.] The question is this: whether lie
would vote for the repeal of the Kansas-Nebraska
act? or, to use the language of the gentleman from
New York, would he vote for the restoration of
the Missouri compromise, with the restriction
as to the line, or not, if that question wore intro-
duced ?
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. I stated that
if I had been a member of the last Congress, I
should have voted against the territorial legisla-
tion of that Congress. But I am willing now to
resist agitation, and abide by the laws as they
are; ana, resisting agitation, I shall vote against
it. And now, Mr. Clerk, and fellow-citizens, I
have one word more to say. I have been charged
with being an obstacle in the way of the organ-
ization of this body. My position, humble as it
ia, has been magnified into this importance. I
never desired, and have not expected, ail election.
I have neither asked for, nor declined it. 1 have
given no pledges to obtain it. Grateful, indeed, I
am for the expressions of confidence and of kind-
ness which I have received; but I should be vastly
more pleased if the suffrages which have been
given to me should be cast for an abler and a
worthier man.
Mr. WALKER. I beg leave to make this
remark before I cast my vote. I feel it is due to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state that
my question was not the result of any distrust
which I felt as to that gentleman's position. But
, I heard the names of gentlemen who had been
voting with me for him casting their suffrages
for different members of this House, upon the
failure, I presume, as they conceive, of my friend
from Pennsylvania to answer the question cate-
gorically propounded to liim by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Sage.] When I saw that
manifestation of distrust, I felt called upon to put
the question directly to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and learn whether or not the uneasiness
of these friends of mine had or had not any just
ground to rest upon. I am now contcnt to vote
as I have voted heretofore. I cast my vote cheer-
fully, and in so doing feel an honest conviction
that X am standing by the best interests of the
Constitution and the laws of the land. I there-
fore cast my \ ote for Mi. Fuller. [Applause.]
Mr. READY here addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to sug-
; gest to the members, that the House is in the
process of voting, and that they had better defer
| their remarks until the result of the vote is an-
| liounced.
: Mr. READY. I desire simply to say one
' word to the House. I have been casting my vote
; for nearly two weeks for Henry M. Fuller. I
' have done so under an assurance that he occupied
; a position which I could fully approve in reference
I to the question which so much divides the country,
. and its Representatives upon this floor. When
  he was interrogated to-day by the gentleman
! from New York, [Mr. Sage,] as to whether or
• not he would vote to restore the Missouri restric-
; tion, I understood him to evade a direct answer
to the question. Under thatimpressionandbelief,
; when my name was called, I cast my vote for an-
i other gentleman. In answer to the interrogatory,
i since propounded to him by the gentleman from
; Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] I understand him to
answer distinctly that he would vote against the
restoration of the Missouri restriction. I there-
fore ask to change my vote to Mr. Fuller, of
Pennsylvania. [Cheers from the gallery;]""
Mr. LAKE. I desire to say to.the House that,
in casting my vote upon this call of the roll, I did'
not give my voje to the individual for wjiom I
have voted for several days prior to this time. I
have been in the habit, recently; of voting for Mr.
Fuller, of Pennsylvania, of whose consistency
and conformity to the Philadelphia platform I be-
lieved I hadabundant evidence, and therefore cast
my vote with chfeerfulness; but to-day, owing to
that gentleman not answering the interrogatory
which was propounded to him by the gentleman
fjpm New York; [Mr. Sage,] I thought there
might be some doubts as to the correctness of the
evidence exhibited to me. I feel a reluctance and
an unwillingness to vote for a man who is not
willing to express liis views upon important mat-
ters in issue; therefore I did not vote for Mr.
Fuller. But I beg leave to say to the House,
that I am now perfectly satisfied that he is con-
sistent and correct upon this question, and I
therefore ask to change my vote, and to cast it
for Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania. [Applause
from the galleries.]
Mr. RIVERS changed bis vote to Mr. Fuller.
Mr. B A-LL. I wish, before recording my vote,
to say a few words in explanation of the votes
I have heretofore given. After the withdrawal
of my colleague [Mr: Campbell] Sis a candidate
for the Speakership, there being a wide difference
in the political sentiments of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] and myself upon
almost all matters of domestic policy, I cast my
vote for some days for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] upon the assurance of
a colleague of his that he was right—according
to my understanding of what is right—upon the
Nebraska question. I did not question Mr. Ful-
ler himself, but relied Upon the representations
of one who was supposed to be acquainted with
Mr. Fuller's views upon that subject. Some
days afterwards I learned that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had given some pledges or assur-
ances to gentlemen from the South upon that sub-
ject. 1 met Mr. Fuller, and asked him in rela-
tion to the matter. I was assured that he had given
no pledges or promises in any quarter. He has
given us the same assurance to-day. I also called
upon one or two gentlemen from the South, in
whom I had confidence, and who would not de-
ceive me—one from the Missouri delegation, and
one from the Tennessee delegation: they also
informed me that they had no promises or pledges
from Mr. Fuller. One of those gentlemen said
lie preferred Mr. Fuller to some other gentlemen
from the North, merely because there was no
record connected with him in connection with
the Kansas-Nebraska question. I did not par-
ticularly care about cramming a man v'rlharccord
down the throats of the southern Opposition mem-
bers, provided the man tbey should take was all
right upon what we conceive to be the important
issues of the day. I voted for him under the im-
pression that he would vote against the admis-
sion of Kansas with a slave constitution. Like
him, I had been a compromise man, and favored
the finality of the compromises of 1850. Like
him, I came here, two years ago, opposed to all
further agitation of the slavery question. As he
said he should have done, I did; I voted against
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, and I
have seen no cause to regret the vote. 1 would
vote again the same way to-morrow. I think,
in the'language of the resolution passed by the
Know Nothings in convention at Binghampton,
which has been quoted here to-day, " that slavery
ought not to receive any advantage by that vio-
lation of the pledged faith of the United States;"
and, by the blessing of God, it never shall, by
any act or vote of mine.
1 now ask leave to record my vote for Mr.
Banks. [Applause in the House and galleries.]
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. _Mr. Clerk, I
wish merely to say one word in this connection.
I see a very strong disposition in the House to
get rid of difficulties in the way of organization;
and in order to relieve our friends from unneces-
sary trouble in explanations, I will say to them
that, if they give me time and call upon me, I
will furnish them pledges and reasons which will
justify any man in declining tti vote for one of
this famous Know Nothing party upon any side
of any question. [Laughter ana approval.]
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL;' t
worild.ask the gentlenjanfrdm Penrisylv'ah-ia|Mr;"
Jones] whether he'eW'-fqrriish'-any-pledges'w
■promises frotaMr.-Bitfks,'which shritild'-prefent*
his friends from, votinglforhiijli'? ' If' Soyi would"
ask the gentleman-to furnish-us with proof" of-
those pledges- or promises. '
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Kentucky-
has asked me a question- and I will 'answer hiisa.
Mr. CAMPBELL," of Pennsylvania# rititpt--
rupting.) I undefsiocfd the gdnilem&n frOmPeirri-
sylVania [Mr. Jones] "to' say that,-'"if -called -ttft,"
he can 'furnish' evidence sufficient to ;satisfj?-arty;'
Know Nothing wiiyi upon aiiy'si'de of ariyques-;
tion, he should not vote'for Mr.'Filler.* ' [Cries'
of " No, no; he did riot say so."] : Did'l under-
stand him aright in thinking he said so? [Cries
of "No," no!"] That is the way his remarks
were understood on this side of tlie Hduse. "
Mr. JONES: I will state'to the gentleanan 
The CLERK, (interrupting-;) The Cl6rk would
state to the House that the result 6f the ballot-is
about being announced, and he* would suggest-
that gentlemen defer their rerriarks until'the result
of the ballot is announced.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As this matter is material,
I would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] what he did say?
Mr. JONES. ' I stated that if I had time al-
lowed me, and were called upon; I could——
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) I insist -on
having the result of the vote announced 'before
this" matter goes further; [Cries of-" OK, let Mm
go on!"] '' '
Mr. JONES.- I stated this—that I understood
the difficulties which arose here were as. to the
position which tlie party occupied on' this ques-
tion of slavery, and I only meant, playfully, to
remark, to save time in explanation, that if any
gentleman wished to understand the position of
the party, I could furnish evidence" to remove
that difficulty from the mind of any gentleman,
and to prevent him from voting for' anyone Of
them.
Mr. CAMPBELL, lask the gentleman, then,
to mention the party to which he has reference.-'
Mr. JONES. I refer to what -is' tailed the
Know Nothing party. I will explain to my
friend again what I meant by my remark. I did
not intend to go further, however- My Colleague
[Mr. Campbell] arose yesterday, ana said that
he 'repudiated the charge of free-soilism or anti-
Nebraskaism, but that he vo-ted for the honorablte
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
because he was a good American. Now, I only
meant to say that there are a number of gentle'
men here who can vote for him not because he
is an American, but because he is ri^h't on the
Kansas-Nebraska question. Now, if that be the
standard, I want to say to our friends on the
other side, that all they have got to do is, let one
portion of that party vote for Mr. BAnks because
lie is an American; let1 another portion vote for
him because he is a good Free-Soiler; and let tlw
rest of them vote for him because he lives in
Massachusetts; and if there are" any remaining-,
let them vote for him because everybody adrriit's
that he is qualified to fill the station of Speaker.
[Applause and laught-er.J -
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood the gentle-
man [Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania,] to employ,
yesterday, terms discriminating between what
he denominates the Know Nothing party of the
North and the American party of the South;
and I understood that, when called upon to ex-
plain, there was an evasion on his part. To-day
he avows the sentiment that, if called upon, and
if he be given time, he will present evidence
which will 'he sufficient to satisfy us all that we
should not vote for any member of the Know
Nothing party. Now, sir, I came to this Hduse
a conservative man, representing a Common-
wealth which has ever been conservative On these
vexed questions of the day. Her devotion to
this Confederacy has never yet been questioned;
her position has been always national. Coming
from that Commonwealth prepared to act in har-
mony and concert with the Representatives of
the several States, I witness on this floor a state
of things which is in violation of all national faith.
The gentleman [Mr. .Tones] yesterday'avowed
that the resolution which he had introduced into
the Democratic caucus was one which had no
reference to the American party; t>ut, sir, in the
