1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IT,
frames, and that is part of the work, according
to my notion of the building of a house. I have
built several, and I considered that a very mate-
rial point was to make the window-frames, and
doors, and floors. If you will take the list, you
will find that it is all for work done.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator will under-
stand me in a moment. They have bought these
things ready made, and they say so; " they offer
to deliver "the following materials," not in the
building, but loose. Here they are set down:
window-frames, rough sheds, stone, iron,&c.,
and tlie amount is $22,000, of which these arti-
cles are $5,534 80. They sellus tlmt much prop-
erty. We pay for it. That is all right enough.
We give them that money, and get the property.
We may make nothing on the resale. That is
not the question. The question is how much
we pay tbem? We pay them g5,000. Now,
what are their profits on their contract? They
were to be paid $28,000. That is where I was
mistaken. Their pay was $28,000.
Now what per cent, do these gentlemen pre-
tend they would have made on that contract?
On a bid to do work for §28,000, they pretend
here that, if this work had been stopped on the
1st of May, their damages would have been
§15,000, more than half the whole contract price.
Why it is absurd—perfectly absurd. I acknowl-
edge that we have to pay for the materials, and
if they have done any work since the beginning
of the session, we have to pay for that. We have
to pay, in addition to these "two items, what is a
fair profit on their work—the difference between
the contract price and the price of the work—
when completed. We are to put the man in the
condition he would be m if he had finished the
house. My opinion is, that they cannot possibly
carry the claim to one third of the sum stated
here. I do not wish to go into that. i
I would allow the whole matter to pass, but
after hearing what was said, I could not aliow
the idea to be held out for all future time, that
all these reservations in the city of Washington
are to be kept open places forever. I do not so
understand. When the question was before the
Senate on the motion to recommit the former
bill, we had some discussion on the light of
damages and the propriety of the work. I see
no propriety in the Government of the United
States building this armory. It is not, as the
Senator from Tennessee supposed, put there for
the convenience of the public arms. Not at all.
It is to be put there to keep the arms of the volun-
teer militia companies who are to be found parad-
ing the streets. Now, sir, 1 have great regard
for militia companies. I had the honor once
myself to hold a commission in the militia; but I
can see no more propriety in the Government
paying for such a house in the District of Col-
umbia, than in the State of Ohio, the State of
Tennessee, or the State of Missouri; and not
being able to reconcile it to my judgment to vote
for the original appropriation, I must vote for
the repeal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I call for the yeas
and nayy.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—,"\3e^srs. iiayaid. Hell of New Hampshire, Ttright, [
Brown, Uolijinei, Douglas, Fes^-mien, Ki.-li, Foster, !
Gcyer, Houston, Iver^on, James, Mailoiy, i'ugii, Hliiiell, '
Toombs, aiid Trumbull—18.
NAVtf—J3i<rlor, IJiodiiead, Cas-?, C3av. T)od^}
Evaiw, Fitzpatnek, Jones 01' Tennessee, Reui, Tlionipsun
of Kentucky, Wndt:, YVell-jr, ami Vulee—I J.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) There is not a quorum voting.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 17, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daxiel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a copy of a
letter from the Commissioner of the United States
in China, and the regulations, orders, and decrees
which accompanied it, for such revision thereof
as Congress may deem expedient, pursuant to the
act approved the 11th of August, 1848; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, asking for an amendment of the act of 1842,
more effectually to prevent the importation of
obscene and indecent articles; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act supplemental to an act entitled "An act
to amend the several acts respecting copyright,"
approved February 3, 1831; and
An act for the final adjudication of questions
of title to swamp lands between private claimants
and the State of Louisiana.
CAPITOL AND POST OFFICE EXTENSIONS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a
resolution asking for information merely.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I feel bound
by a sense of duty to make objection. There are
twenty other gentlemen who have similar prop-
ositions; and, if I yield to the gentleman, I must
yield to those others. I deem it my duty to press
the consideration and early determination of the
pending question of privilege.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the consent of the House
that the Senate amendments to the Indian appro-
priation bill be ordered to be printed. In eon-
sequence of new treaties, ratified at this session
of Congress, it becomes necessary to make many
alterations in the bill. There are sixty-seven
amendments; and I move that they be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have the Committee of
Ways and Means reported the amendments back'
Mr. PHELPS. They have not been reported
back.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have only
to say, that if the amendments are printed now
they will do the House no good. The committee
will make amendments to those of the Senate,
and by printing the Senate amendments now the
House will not so clearly understand the question
as if they were printed with those of the com-
mittee. The gentleman says there are sixty-seven
amendments. It has been common, within the
past four years, to have one hundred and fifty
and two hundred amendments to this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is
the consideration of the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections m the case of Archer vs.
Allen.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 understand that the
gentleman from Maine withdraws his objection
to the intioduetiou of my resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is objection from
another quarter.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House was on the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections, m the Illinois contested-
election case, which are as follows:
Resolved, That James C. Allen was not elected, and is
not entitled to a seat in this House.
Revolted, Thar William B. Archer was elected, and is
entitled to a scat in tins llouse.
Mr. ALLEN, under the leave granted him by
the House yesterday, resumed die floor, and
spoke for half an hour m continuation of his argu-
ment in defense of his right to the contested seat.
Mr. NORTON then addressed the House in
support of the contestant's claim, and was fol-
lowed by Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, in reply.
The speeches will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There has
been considerable discussion upon this question;
and if the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] who is a member of the committee which
made the report, does not desire to address the
House, I propose to call the previous question.
I will also state, as I shall have the right to close
the debate, that if the previous question is called,
ofthe contestant desires to address theHouse,
I am perfectly willing, with the consent of the
House, that he shall speak in my time.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to speak eight or ten
minutes on this question; and if the gentleman
from Maine will withdraw his demand for the
previous question, I will renew it.
Mr. CADWALADER. I also desire to make
a few remarks. I would take only five minutes
by the clock.
Mr. STEPHENS It is my desire to address
a few remarks to the House upon this case, but
I am entirely too hoarse to do so to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let the gentleman go on
then: I am too hoarse.
Mr. WASHBURN. After the gentlemen
shall have spoken I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Messrs. MILLSON and CADWALADER
then addressed the House in opposition to the
report of the committee. Their remarks will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN. I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Georgia has expressed a wish to be heard on this
question, and I would inquire whether this call
for the previous question will cut him off from
an opportunity to do so ?
| Mr. STEPHENS. I am so hoarse that I can-
; not speak for any length of time. It is under-
j stood that I shall have an opportunity to address
the House to-morrow for eight or ten minutes. 1
shall oppose the call for the previous question, if
it is proposed to take the vote this evening. I
shall want a coll ofthe House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I only ask that the call
for the previous question be seconded, and the
main question ordered this evening, so that the
vote may be taken to-morrow. 1 do not ask that
it shall be taken to-night. The contestant wishes
to be heard for ten or fifteen minutes, and I agree
to tile unders tanding', that both gentlemen shall be
heard to-mcfirrow, and, if he desires to, that the
gentleman from Georgia may offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and recognizes such to be the understand-
ing.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
AMENDMENT TO THE KANSAS BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have in my hand an
amendment which I desire, at the proper time,
to offer to the amendment of the Senate to House
bill (No. 411) for the admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State. I ask that it may be
printed.
No objection being made, it was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS REFERRED, ETC.
Mr. EUSTIS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose Lan-
fear, for the purpose of reference only.
No objection being made, the said bill was
| taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
| second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, in pursuance of
previous notice, and by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to confirm to the State of Illinois
> the lands selected by said State in conformity to
| the act approved September 28,1850; which was
[ read a first and second time, and referred to the
| Committee on Public Lands.
! Mr. GILBERT. I ask the unanimous consent
j of the House to take from the Speaker's table
j an act (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H.
i Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer Major Tompkins.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to taking any
bills from the Speaker's table until we go to the
business on the Speaker's table, when all these
matters can be disposed of.
