1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that to-morrow the House will proceed to the
business upon the Speaker's table, and take up
and dispose of all bills of a private character.
THE CONSTRUCTION AND COST OP PUBLIC
BUILDINGS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present a resolution for
the purpose of obtaining information only.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to eonnnuiiicate to this House the following in-
formation m regard to the construction of the Capitol and
Po->t Ofiice extensions:
The cost of maible workmanship of windows of princi-
pal r-torj7, north and south fronts, viz.: the cost of the two
j;unbs with brackets, the ornamental lintel which rests on
the biaclieto, the pednnental head and the inside jambs and
heads of each window, including setting, handling, super-
intendence, and eveiy expense.
Tae aveiage co>t of the marble of each window as above
described, and the piobable amount that said windows
would Have co-stjifthey had been executed according to the
specification^ attached to Provest, Winter, Si Co.'& contract.
The co-t of tnaible woikmanshtp of each of the east front
doors, embracing the two jambs with brackets, the orna-
mental lintel which rests on the brackets, the cornice, and
alt expenses of superintendence, exclusive only of the
sculptured figures intended to be placed on the top.
What has been the additional cost of the materials in
consequence of the alteiation of the design of the said front
doors, from tho<e mentioned in the contract of Provest,
Wintet, & Co. ?
What v\ ill bo the cost of the plaster models for the sculp-
ture on top of caeh front door ? who 15 making them ? aie
they completed ? and also what will be the cost of the
maible sculpture to be cut from them ?
What Will rhe plaster models lor the east pediment cost?
and what will he the cost of cutting them in maible ?
How much are the planter casts lor the bronze front door
to co->t, and how much will be the cost of the doors to be
executed fiom them?
A10 any of the inner doors to be made of bronze? if so,
which doors ? and how much is the modeling to co:-t ? and
how much of the wink to be executed from the models ?
How much have the model*? for the Indian boy and girl
cost ? what has been the cost of the mai ble statues cut from
them ? ami wlieie aie these statues to be placed?
What is the total amount already agreed to be paid for
plaster models to Mr. CrawfordatRome? what the amount
to be pud fo Mr. Powers? and if agreements have been
made with other sculptors, to what amount? what for?
and where are mieh models to be executed'
Is any seulptflie to be introduced in the extension o"
the Po-t Office building? if .^o, what is the character? how
much is it tocor-t? w.ii it on the original design of the
architect adopted by Congress? and if not, by what au-
thority of law has it been introduced?
Mr. BALL. I wish to make a single remark
in reference to this matter. I do not propose to
interpose any objection to the adoption of the
resolution; but I see that they are the same in-
quiries which were propounded to tin* Secretary
of War, by the Committee on the Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and which he declined to
answer. 1 wish to ask my friend from Missis-
sippi, whether he offers tins resolution on his
own motion, or upon consultation with the Sec-
retary of War5
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not know that I am
under any obligation whatever to inform the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether I have consulted the
Secretary of War in relation to this resolution or
not. But, waiving my right not to do so, I tell
the gentleman candidly, that I have consulted the
Secretary of War, and he is anxious that the
House and th'e country shall have the informa-
tion called for by this resolution; that he declined
giving it to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, because a call had been made on the
President, for information on this subject, before
the date of the letter addressed to him by that
committee. lie did not deem it proper to give
to the committee information which the House
did not have. Hence, sir, I have offered this res-
olution; and if the gentleman really wishes the
information, why, sir, he can get it in the only
legitimate way, in my opinion — by a resolution
of this House, calling upon the President for it.
No objection bemg made, the resolution was
received, and agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled An act for the
construction of a road from Fort Ridgley, in the
Territory of Minnesota, to the South Pass of the
Rocky Mountains;" when the Speaker signed the
same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO THE COURT OF
CLAIMS.
Mr- CUMBACK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following petitions; which were sev-
erally referred to the Court of Claims:
The petition of George W. Hansbrough and
others, praying for indemnity for a schooner and
cargo destroyed in the war of 1812 near Frede-
ricksburg, in Virginia; and
The petition of George B. Knaggs and others,
asking for indemnity for property destroyed near
Detroit, Michigan, m the war of 1812.
TriE NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. LAKE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Committee on
the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 165) to estab-
lish a uniform rule of naturalization, and to repeal
all acts heretofore passed and now in force upon
that subject, in order that it may be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST. I objcct.
SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines, of the tinned
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. LETCHER,. Is it designed to put the
bill upon its passage ?
Mr. BENSON. I will not ask that it be put
upon its passage now, but will move to postpone
its consideration to some future day.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. GOODE. The House has not appropri-
ated any of the session to the business of the
District of Columbia. This Congress, as it knows,
is the sole legislature for the interest of the peo-
ple of this District; and I am requested by the
chairman of that committee to ask the House to
set apart Wednesday, the 23d instant, after the
morning hour, for the consideration of the busi-
ness of this District.
Air. McCARTY objected.
UNITED STATES TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House whethei any assemblage of the people of Kansas
Teuitory, convened atTopcka, on the 4th of July instant,
weie di^p^'ed bv the United States troops; if so, and by
what authouty said soldiers acted.
Mr. WHEELER, and others, objected.
UTAH TERRITORY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolced, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this Jlou^e sucli information as
may be hi In* po^es^ioo, iclating to the condition of the
teiritoml govt rnmcnt of Utah; who is now acting as Gov- :
ernorot said Tenltory, and by what authority he exerciscs 1
Ins functions. j
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. For the purpose of
facilitating business, I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this contcsted-clection case
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, so that we
ma}' get to the regular order of business. I have
some bills 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to postpone, as the previous question has been
ordered.
Mr. COBB. Then I will object to the consid-
eration of anything else.
RETURN OF DUTIES ON GOODS DESTROYED
BY FIRE.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask leave to present to
the House resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, in relation to the return of
duties on goods destroyed by fire.
Mr. Mc&UEEN objected.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
resolution of the Senate fixing the day of ad-
journment.
Mr. DEAN, and others, objected.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. COMINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the light-house bill; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
MEDICAL STAFF OF THE ARMY.
Mr. CL1NGMAN.  I ask the vtnanimous
consent of the House to take up a Senate bill,
which the interests of the public service require
should be passed—I mean the bill to increase
the medical staff for the four new regiments. I
will simply state that in the bill passed last ses-
sion creating four new regiments there was no
provision made for a medical staff 
Mr. BENSON, (interrupting.) I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twelve minutes past three o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 18, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henrt C. Deaw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRODIIEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for an
appropriation for improving the navigation of the
Mississippi river and its principal tributaries;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, presented the
petition of Polly Prescott, widow of John 0.
Prescott, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of public
lands to aid in the construction of the Milwaukee,
Horicon, and Lake Superior railroad; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the me-
morial of J. P. Nulton, asking compensation for
extra services as commandant's clerk at the navy-
yard, Memphis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. I presented,some time since,
a memorial signed by a large number of land-
owners in the southern part of California, which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Thatmemorial represents the condition of things,
and the grievances under which they labor in that
part of the State. As this subject is now before
another of our standing committees, I ask that
the memorial be transferred to that committee.
The Judiciary Committee have this important
subject now before them, and I am exceedingly
anxious that we should legislate, and extend
some relief to these land proprietors in Califor-
nia, and particularly those residing in the South;
but it ought, m my judgment, to exclude from
its operation cities, and town sites, and lands on
which the Federal Government has made im-
provements. In other words, it ought to apply
to that land which would have been subject to
the preemption laws of the United States, if the
land had belonged to the Federal Government.
| But, sir, I do not propose to speak on this ques-
I tion. 1 sincerely hope we may be able to provide
| an adequate remedy for the wrongs which are
I being inflicted on land claimants. I simply ask .
that that memorial may be withdrawn from the
Committee on Public Lands, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciaiy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be mode.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hold in my hand a me-
morial of a very large number of persons engaged
in the navigation of the western waters. They
memorialize Congress for a system of improve-
ment on those waters somewhat novel. They
desire that a bill shall be passed for the purpose
of keeping the navigation of the Mississippi, the
Missouri, the Ohio, and the Arkansas rivers open
and free from snags and logs by contract. They
express the conviction that that wiil be the
cheapest and most efficient manner in which this
work can be done. They state some facts which
are scarcely credible. They state that upon the
Missouri river they are compelled to pay from
