1855.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
34th CotfG....lsT Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
We are all, Mr. Clerk, in the habit of hearing || derous brow, his cavernous and inward-looking
much said about principle and party, but I think i eye, are no longer beheld in that august Cham-
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] j ber,the scene of his great conflicts and triumphs,
in the preparation of his resolution which was His deep, sonorous voice, rolling and swelling
adopted by the Democratic caucus, and the per- j! under the tide of that wondrous eloquence, which
sistence of that party in adhering to that resolu- j! by turns won the imagination, captured the rea-
tion, only show what is by no means uncommon, 1 son, and subdued the heart, is no longer heard
that there is a proneness in all men to confound | within those walls consecrated by his genius,
mere principle with party. They seem to forget, ,! The master-mind, the controlling, ay, and the
sir, that the two things are essentially different; ! restraining spirit of New England, no longer
that the principle had its birth long before party; j lives and labors to direct and guide her people,
that the party is a mere instrumentality to carry ;' and save her from aggressions and encroach-
out an established fact which is an idea of the j j ments upon her sisters and her equals.
mind—a principle which, though it in fact has j I And the pure patriot—the great statesman of
no substantiality, though it has no tangible shape ;; the South—the man in whose policy, self had no
or form to the outward eye, though I cannot hold , place, save as his personal fame was identified
it in my hand as I do this glass, yet, sir, that it
has within itself a power and a vitality of its own,
whilst, on the contrary, a party is a mere means
for the purpose of carrying out and putting life
into that principle.
The gentleman says that the Democratic party
stands upon principle. Now, what can you hear
from their own ranks, from the more frank among
them, upon this very subject of organizing this
House, and of the object they had in view in
placing themselves upon that platform? Why,
that they had no hope of obtaining the organiza-
tion of this House; that many of them do not
with her glory and prosperity; he who never gave
up to party what was meant for mankind—whose
whole life was unsullied by a stain—whose noble
nature was never seduced by office or honors, or
intimidated by the fear of calumny or detraction
from the path of right; he who gave all his great
powers to the task of securing to the South the
full measure of her rights, and to the inculcation
of those true ideas of government upon which
rest the sovereignty of the States, and the con-
sequent perpetuity of the Union; the man who
never trimmed or changed his policy to suit party
demands or exigencies; the man whose larg vir-
desire it; that they look at it as a hazardous thing j tues made him the object of the hate and envy of
for them in a party point of view; that the coun-
try may possibly hold them responsible for what-
ever legislation may take place in this Hall; and
that, therefore, as a mere party movement, it
may not be wise and politic for them to take the
organization. And yet, forsooth, their action is
based upon a naked, great conservative principle!
Are there not men upon this floor who occupy
the same ground with themselves upon this prin-
ciple?—a principle going back, if you please, to
the great vital doctrine of State rights; an indi-
rect recognition of the sovereignty of these States;
that this Union, all glorious as it has been, se-
curing, as it has done heretofore, all imaginable
blessings, and serving as a means to carry out the
purposes of its founders; yet that, after all, it is
not the Union—the Union alone, upon which the
party hucksters and time-serving demagogues,—■
; the great Calhoun no longer lives to counsel and
| to warn us.
■ The Ithuriel spear of his living intellect, with
which, in his indignant scorn, he pierced through
corrupt party designs, and probed to the quick,
purchasable party demagogues, no longer gleams
, and flashes; it has been shivered and broken by
' the scythe of Death.
The three great representative men of the na-
tion—the grand triumvirate, who, though never
holding the reins of Government in their hands,
though never winning the place and title of Pres-
ident, yet stood higher than those upon whom
popular favor cast the office, and who, by the
gpower of their intellects, molded and directed
. , ; popular thought and ruled the rulers,—have been
reflecting man of this country bases his hopes I j taken away. And who remain to head and lead
and rests his affections. With him the Union is ; j parties?
secondary in importance to the principles it was ij Between those men of whom t have spoken,
designed to perpetuate and establish, and is only ' and those who now aspire to be party leaders in
worthy of the just man's and the patriot's rever- i this country, what a wide stretch of barren waste
ence and support so long as it serves to carry out
and perpetuates those principles.
But I am wanderirg from my object. I spoke,
in the first place, of the condition of these parties
in the House. I will now, as I am upon the floor,
say something of the condition of parties in the
country, to account for the present aspect of polit-
ical affairs in this country. How happens it, sir,
that there is in fact no national party no w ? How
happens it that one great party has disappeared
from the field of action, and that another party,
which so long held sway upon the popular heart
of this country, has lost its claim to nationality?
How happens it that we are broken up into seg-
ments and fragments ? How happens it that we
are all becoming more or less sectionalized in our,
professions ? Why, sir, one of the reasons I will
give you: Your party leaders—the man who
molded the public thought, and directed the pop-
ular heart, the men who made parties and gov-
erned them by that power which is the result of
rare combinations of mental and moral qualities,
have left the stage of action.
willed Jackson, with his strongly-marked indi
viduality, to head the columns of the Democracy 1
and lead them on to victory. I
The name and memory of Clay still hold a j
spell on our minds and hearts, but the strains of j
his almost matchless eloquence, flowing out, as 1
they did, at times, with the swell and grandeur of
some mighty symphony, no longer fill the Senate
House, the field of his fame, the point from
which his words went out over the land, stirring
the hearts of his followers as with a clarion and
summoning them to his standard.
Webster, to use his own words, "still lives,"
but it is in the record of his great thoughts and
grand eloquence which form a part of our na-
tional renown. But his firm-set figure, his pon-
there is! Some of them are still laboring in the
noise and confusion of past controversies. Some
have lost their usefulness, their dignity, and their
patriotism in the dark cess-pools of abolitionism.
There is now no man in this country who, so to
speak, has those large and grand national propor-
tions which attract to himself the common eye,
and center around him the common hopes of the
country. This, then, is one of the chief reasons,
in my judgment, for the present condition of
things. The country has now no leader. There
is now no one great man, standing out—giant-
like—commanding and enforcing popular regard
and authority. It was natural, when these par-
ties had lost their old leaders, when their places
were filled by ambitious men of small stature, that
affairs should assume their present aspect; that,
in the absence of those controlling men, we should
be broken up into fragments and sections.
But, sir, I cannot indulge in this train of re-
marks further, as I should both consume too much
time and weary the patience of thfe House. But
the fact has manifested itself in this House, for
*1° 'onScr have the firm-handed, granite- j 'the first time in its history, that an attempt is
1110(1 jaCKson. Witvl 1 <3 Btrnnfrlrr-mo 1_'  *     — i   1
making to organize it upon a merely sectional
question. Why, sir, we yesterday heard a speech
from a prominent member of this House, [Mr.
Banks,] whose position is identified, as we are
informed by himself—at least such must be the
inference of his remarks—with a great sectional
movement, and places himself upon that move-
ment to claim the support of a great party in this
House. He rests his claim for support upon
the staunchness of his anti-slavery opinions,
boasting here, that from the State or Massachu-
setts, after his resistance to the Kansas-Nebraska
act, he had been returned by an overwhelming
majority. Thus claiming, or at least allowing us
to infer, that he predicated his success upon the
fact that he was identified with this great sectional
movement. The other day we had placed upon
our table a speech coming from one of those dan-
dies in belle-lettres scholarships—a speech written
for the purpose of inducing the northern mind to
believe that the slave power of the South had
been the great grasping power in this Confeder-
acy,—that, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present time, the slave power had
appropriated all the offices and power of this
Government. Sir, what does all this mean ?
Members from the North seem to think that
the reason why the South has had so large a share
in our governmental operations lies in the insti-
tution of slavery. I tell them they are mistaken.
It lies behind that institution. It is to be found
in the administrative faculty belonging to the
early settlers of the South—the Cavaliers and
Huguenots—and which their descendants have
inherited.
Why, sir, I might ask, what great sentiment,
what great governmental principle, original?d at
the North ? The idea of the separation of Church
and State, as a foundation republican principle, is
to be found in Jefferson's bill. The right of uni-
versal suffrage had its birth in Maryland. The
parallelism of State rights and Federal power
originated in North Carolina and other southern
States.
These men of the North talk here about the
aggressions of the South, and they cite the
Kansas-Nebraska act of the last session. Well,
sir, see how history exposes their inconsistency.
After the adoption of the Missouri compromise,
in 1820, what took place in the North? Why—
if I mistake not—the North slew, with a single
! exception, every one of its members who voted
for that compromise. And again, sir, when the
I Kansas-Nebraska bill, which repealed that corn-
| promise, came before the people of the northern
| States, what do we again see ? Why, sir, with
only an exception here and there, they slew the
men from that section who voted on this floor to
strike out what in times past had been an offen-
sive measure—to wit, the Missouri compromise
line—thus showing a singular unsteadfastness.
And yet, Mr. Clerk, is it not apparent that what
was wrong in 1820 could not have well been
right in 1854 ? And if a northern man were cut
down at the one time on account of his favoring
the Missouri compromise, believed at that time
to be essential to the preservation of the national
peace and quiet—if he were cut down for his vote
in support of that measure, is it not passing
strange, when the followers of these men on this
floor in the year 1854 vote to repeal what the
North then regarded as an objectionable measure,
that they should, for that very act, meet with the
same fate vvjiich had befallen their predecessors?
Mr. Clerk, I have said far more than I dreamed
of saying when I first rose to address this House.
I have spoken discursively and wanderingly, and
I have now but a few words more to say. I am
anxious to see this House organized. I am
anxious that this House shall not pass under the
control of the Republican party. I shall feel it
my duty to use every possible effort to prevent
such a consummation as that. And for the pur-
pose of indicating here, and elsewhere, my own
readiness to act with all men who are really con-
servative; to act with men who are opposed to
further disturbance on this exciting subject of
slavery; to act with men who still acknowledge
their obligations to the Federal Constitution; to
act with men who are prepared to abide by the
existing laws on the subject of slavery; I say
here—and, if I am not mistaken, I think that in
this I am speaking for almost the whole of the
men with whom I have thus far acted—I am will-
ing to go into a conference with all men who are
prepared to stand on that basis, to confer together,
and see if they cannot devise some plan by which
there may be a safe, healthful, ana conservative
organization of this House.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it seems to me that the
struggle between the dominant parties in this
House is simply this: whether the great principle
of non-interfcrence with the rights of any portion
of this Confederacy—States or Territories—save
by the parties interested in them, is the only true
Republican doctrine? And, sir, that, at least, is
my political creed on this subject. And, unless
I have misunderstood the gentlemen who have
