1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not read the pre-
amble, but merely the substance of the resolution.
It is as follows:
" That the repeal of the Missouri compromise was an
infraction of the plighted faith of the nation, anil that it
should be lesfored ; and if eftort<* to that end should fail,
Congress should refuse to admit into the Union any State
tolerating slavery which shall be formed out of any portion
of the territory from which that institution was excluded
by that compromise."
Mr. STANTON. On that resolution, then, the
gentleman claims that the Republican party de-
sires to interfere with slavery in the States in
which it now exists? Is that the only warrant
forViis assertion ? That the Republican party
desi\(l to exclude slavery from Kansas, and that
they mean to do it, there is no doubt, provided
they are sustained by the sentiment of the people
of the free States.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My remarks were based
on that resolution. It is an interference with our
institutions when our citizens are denied the same
rights in the new Territories with the citizens
from the North; for that territory belongs to us
'as much as it does to you. In 1849-!50, when
the compromise measures were before Congress,
a proposition was made that the Missouri com-
promise line should be run through to the Pa-
cific ocean. Was that proposition voted for by
northern men ?
In regard to the caucus of the members who
are now voting for the member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] the resolution which was
offered by the member from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
riires] indicates the exact demands of that party
called Republican. In addition, sir, we find that |
every vote which has been taken in either this or.
the other wing of the Capitol exhibits a determ-
ination on their part to wage an uncompromising ;
warfare against the southern institutions. We
see gentlemen on this floor striving towards one j
point, and that is the election of a Speaker who j
is openly opposed to our institutions. We have ,
only one remark in answer to the interferences
which have been made by the northern men by
their legislation, and that is this: we regard this
Confederacy as secondary in importance, and that
when a Government falters in carrying out its
guarantees for the protection of life, liberty, and
property, it is no longer entitled to the fealty of |
its citizens. And in addition to that, I will avow j
this sentiment, believing that it will be indorsed
by my constituency, that whenever this Govern-
ment makes a distinction between a southern and
a northern constituency or citizenship, (.hen we
shall no longer consider ourselves bound to sup-
port the Confederacy, but will resort to the right
of revolution, which is recognized by all.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question'
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; as many as you
please.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I ask the gentleman
this question: Was not the meeting at Cincin-
..nati, of which he speaks, called as an American
meeting—a meeting of the American or Know
Nothing party' Did it not assemble as such?
Was it not regarded as such, and did not the dis-
tinguished gentleman from the gentleman's own
State, who is president of that wing of the Ameri-
can party which stand s upon the twelfth section of
the Philadelphia platform, attend that meeting and
approve of the resolution which the gentleman has
read >
Mr. CAMPBELL. In answer to the gentleman,
I have to say that that convention was composed
of seceders from the Philadelphia convention, \
[applause in the galleries,] who were not disposed '
to place their love of country paramount to sec- i
tional or local opinions upon the great question !
of slavery. _ _ j
I answer his second question by saying that 1
the president of the National Council orConven- -
tion was there by special invitation; he was in- I
vited and requested to attend the meeting and
witness the proceedings, so as to learn their posi-
tion upon the question m relation to which they
considered themselves aggrieved. i
Mr. HOWARD. Out of respect for the gen- I
tlemun who is president of the American organi- |
zation, 1 wish to ask if he there said that the ,
Americans uf the South ought to concodc to the ;
Ameiicans of the North the doctrines of that i
resolution? I have been informed that he did,
and, in justice to him, if it be true, it should be
brought out.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman his
authority ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to give the
name of any gentleman. [Applause and hisses
in the gallery and on the floor.] I understand
that all these questions are put and answered
upon what are current rumors in regard to the
position of parties.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Sir, whilst I recognize
upon the part of no gentleman upon this floor a
right to ask a question, unless it be in good faith,
and based upon authority, I will say for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, who is president of the
convention of the American party, that he stands
upon national grounds. Whilst I have no per-
sonal acquaintance with him, and know not any
expression lie may have given utterance to in
Cincinnati, I know that much of the gentleman,
by reputation and character, as I believe will au-
thorize me to say that he stands upon the twcllth
section of the Philadelphia platform, that he is
opposed to the agitation of the slavery question,
and consequently opposed to the restoration of
the Missouri compromise. [Slight applause.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If my friend
from Kentucky will allow me, I will ask him a
question in good faith, having listened with much
attention to his remarks. It is one which in-
volves a matter of principle, and I have no doubt
he will answer me frankly. If I understand his
position, and that of the party with which he acts
m this body, it is this, that they are ready for a
disruption of this Union unless the South shall be
permitted to lake iheir slaves into all the Territo-
ries belonging to the Government. My question
goes beyond the mere matter of the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, in which I hold the honor
of the South was involved. It is this: Does he
and the party with which he acts propose to take
from the Territory of Minnesota, from Oregon,
and from all the vast territory extending to the
Pacific, north of 36° 30', the restrictive clause?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. In answer
to my friend from Ohio, I must say that the party
has announced in its platform the position which
it occupies. I ask no northern man as to his in-
dividual sentiments upon the subject cf slavery,
or in relation to its policy, its advantage, or its
injury; but, sir, we ask this, and we demand it
at the hands of Congress, that they shall leave the
Territories as they are, and let the people of each
Territory themselves determine the question, and
if they say it shall be iea land of freedom," as
the gentleman would have it, we have no objection
to that, but arc in favor of its admission upon
that basis. [Applause m the galleries.] But if
the people of the Territory say that they desire
that slavery shall bo introduced, and that it is a
matter of policy and advantage to them lhat it
shall he, then we say that it is the imperative
duty of Congress to admit it as a slave State.
[Renewed applau.se.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. My friend does
not meet the point, and he will bear with me m
making the suggestion again. I understood him
to say "that the people of the South had always
regarded the Missouri compromise as an infamy,
because it took from them the right to carry their
slaves north of 36O30'. My point, then, is this: if
I it was right for Congress to repeal the Missouri
j compromise, so as to extend to them the privilege
j of taking their slaves there, does it not follow that
! the South, in carrying out that principle, will
' exact the removal of the prohibition in the Min-
l nesota act, 111 the Oregon act, and in relation to
| all the other Territories?
j And now, while the gentleman is speaking
! upon this subject, I want to know whether it is
; proposed, upon the pnrt of the South, in order to
' secure what they demand as their rights in the
| Territories, to pursue the line of policy marked
I out in the Kansas-Nebraska bill until they shall
have removed all obstructions to the advance of
slavery into all other territory ot the United
States ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I now un-
derstand the gentleman to propose to thrust a
new issue upon the Anieiican party. I am speak-
ing upon this floor for myself and my constit-
uents, and as fur as I am authorized I will answer
; him as to the policy indicated by the American
: parly. The policy of its platform, as commonly
avowed, is, that matters in relation to the question
of slavery shall remain as they are—that the
Kansas-jNebraska bill, and the territorial bill,
based as they are in their organization upon the
compromises of 1850, shall remain in their present
condition undisturbed.
But, in relation to this Missouri compromise, I
say, that what was given to the North thereby
was obtained by the acquisition of Louisiana.
That territory north of 36° 30\ which was given
to the North by the'Missouri compromise, was
yielded up by the South, under the demand of the
fanaticism of the North.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Kentucky will pardon me for correcting him
upon a matter of history. The Missouri com-
promise was passed by southern votes, and not,
as he asserts, by northern votes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman where the Missouri compromise
originated ? Was not that bill introduced into the
Senate by Senator Thomas, of Illinois? Was it
not at first defeated in the Senate by the opposi-
tion and resistance of Henry Clay? Was it not
afterwards introduced by Senator Trumbull, of
Ohio, or another bill embodying the same princi-
ples ? It camc from the North, and appeals in
its behalf were made to southern men to over-
come their constitutional scruples in regard to it.
It was claimcd that patriotism demanded them to
yield it their support, simply for the reason,
that the Union might not be dissolved. The
South yielded. Their patriotism upon that occa-
sion rose paramount to their interests. They,
sir, have never been found walking by interest
when tlieir country was in danger, or when their
country callcd for their support.
In addition to that, there has been no time of
danger to our country when the South has not
yielded up her interests and her rights to satisfy
the North. Even, sir, in the annexation of Texas
there was concession made. In the passage of
the compromise measures of1850 concessions were
made by the South. Slave territory was yielded
i up to be free territory, to satisfy the demands of
the North. *
In answer to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] and the gentleman from Tennessee,
i who declare they have no concessions to make,
| no proposition lor an interchange of views and
| opinions, I stand here prepared to vote with the
membership of the American party until the
expiration of our congressional terms. If they
desire that there shall be a wall and barrier
thrown between the national men of this House
and themselves, they have only to pursue the
eoursi* which has been pursued here to-day. If
they think the country will censure the American
party, they are mistaken. The very best thing
which has occurred, is our sitting here balloting.
It illustrates to the country, and to politicians,
the fact that the captious are not to control those
who arc devoted to the good of the country. It
also shows that the conservative men of the
country will commune together, and unite in sup-
port of the Government, and thereby entirely
crush out and destroy the local feeling which is
producing so much- "discord among the States of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to inquire of the
irentlcmnn from Kentucky, how it happens that
he charges the Republican party with the doings
of the Know Nothing convention at Cincinnati?
[Cries "Vote!" "Vote!"]
[The result of the vote, as above recorded, was
here announced.]
Mr. NICHOLS. Since I have been here, I
have seen manifestations of indecoious conduct
in the gallciics; and conduct, not only indecorous
but indecent. I move you, therefore, Mr. Clerk,
that The acting officers of the House be directed
to enforce the rules of the House m regard to
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In the first place,
sir, there are no rules to be enforced: and, m the
' next place, I hope that those who have been sent
| here by the people, as their Representatives^, will
1 never turn any pait of the people out ot this
Hall for following the examples set by them-
selves upon this floor. [Laughter.] If the Repre-
sentatives upon thi^J floor desire that the galleries
shall look on and be silent as to the proceedings
here, 1 admonish them not to set the example
themselves of applauding or hissing.
