1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
nine to eighteen per cent, per annum insurance
on their boats; that upon the Ohio the same is
paid, and still more upon the Arkansas; that
upon the Missouri, from sixteen to eighteen per
cent, is the lowest rate for the very best class of
boats, and some pay twenty-four per cent, per
annum for insurance on* that stream. All tnat
results from a class of obstructions which it is
entirely within the power of the General Govern-
ment to remove at a very moderate rate.
They speak of particular snags existing in the
bodies of these rivers, and known to have ex-
isted there for a series of years, some of which
are known to have destroyed four steamboats.
At certain periods of the year the channel is so
narrow, and the current so strong, that, though
they are aware of the obstructions, they are
drawn on them. In other places they speak of
obstructions now increasing to a very great ex-
tent, from previous disasters to the hulls of
steamboats remaining m the river, which are
almost immediately filled up by the sediment
which these streams carry with them in large
- quantities. These boats, as they sink, become
a further obstruction to navigation.
They consider that the only possible means
of effectually remedying these difficulties is by
Contracting for the purpose of femovmg these
obstructions, and having the appropriation of a
permanent annual sum, which they say will re-
quire only a moderate amount, to make that nav-
igation so safe as to save millions annually to the
commerce of the country.
[ move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee of Commerce; an4 I hope they will
make an early report on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Manuel Gonzales Moro, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
380) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzales Moro.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Dick, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
390) for the relief of John Dick, of Florida; which
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post [loads, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 391) providing
for the compulsory prepayment of postage on all
transient printed matter; which was read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading. He gave
notice that he should ask for its consideration on
Monday morning.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Andrew A. H. Knox and Joseph 0.
Campbell, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 392) for the relief of Andrew A. H.
Knox and Joseph 0 Campbell, of the State of
Louisiana; which was read, and passed to the
second reading; and the report was oidered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Temple, of
Louisiana, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 393) for his rehef; winch was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
Was ordered to be printed
He also, from the committee, to whom was re-
committed the bill (S. No. 275) giving to Joshua
Kirby and the widow of John McNeery a right to
enter the land covered by the life reserve otVJohn
McNeery, under the Cherokee treaties of!817and
1811), reported it with an amendment. Pie sub- j
muted a report on the subject; which was ordered ;
to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a memorial of the special
agents of the State of Maryland, and resolutions
of the Legislature of Maryland, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 394) to refund
money advanced by the States of Virginia and
Maryland to the use of the United States.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject had been referred, reported a bill to
amend the second section of the act of 31st of
August, 1852, allowing additional compensation
in certain cases; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the construction of a road from Fort
Ridgley, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the permission of the
Senate to the introduction of a bill of which I
have not given previous notice, for the purpose
of reference. It is a bill which has been placed
in my hands, making a grant of alternate sections
of lands for certain railroads in Florida.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have resolved not to
initiate any measure of this sort. Very early in
the session I introduced a bill myself making
a grant of land for a railroad company in the
southern part of California; but I learned from
the chairman the other day, for the first time, that
they were acting on the principle that they would
not initiate any of these bills, and therefore they
did not report ray bill. 1 think that the Senator
had better let his bill he upon the table.
Mr. YULEE. I ask for the reference of the
bill, and if the committee think it advisable they
can report.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
j bring m the bill (S. No.388) granting public lands
in alternate sections to the State of Florida, to
aid m the conjunction of a railroad from St.
Augustine to the St. John's river; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
^VOLF ISLAND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked and obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution concerning Wolf
Island-, which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
LANDS UNDER THE ASHBURTON TREATY.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom were referred the petitions of a great num-
ber of individuals, who claimed damages for loss
of titles to'certain lands in the State of Maine,
which were takeu by the General Government
| under the treaty of Washington, have directed
[ me to report a resolution, accompanied by a
| written report. 1 ask for the consideration of
1 the resolution now. The resolution is m these
words:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims bo authorized
to appoint <m ajjent lo take and receive pi oof, at such man-
ner ,it! tin1 committee shall pcvcribc, a-, to the claim - of in-
dividuals aeseiibrd m the iiiemonaN ot'GeoigeM. WVwten,
Connne^ioner oi Maine, now pending be.ore the commit-
tee, to be leponed to the committee at the next seb&iou <>t
CoDyiesi,
There is a written report, and perhaps it would
be as well to read that for the information of the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. You had better state the
facts.
Mr. "WADE. The running of the boundary
under the treaty of Washington changed what j
was supposed to be the line of the United States, j
and placed it further east than where it was sup- j
posed it would run. The British possessions had i
a line there, which was called the old cut out line, i
but it was not thetiue line, and it encroached ;
upon the State of Maine very much. The Brit- [
ish authorities of New Brunswick, acting m con- :
lormuy with what they sunpoped to be the line, j
granted lands to uivers individuals, some thirty '
or forty, in small tracts; the whole of the lan'd :
not being niore^than vix thousand acres. The
State ot Maine" claimed title to the same land, !
and she had made grants of it to her citizens; so j
that there weie conflicting titles. I
The treaty, in contemplation of this state of!
things, among other provisions, stipulated that ■
each of the parties who had grants, either from
New Brunswick or from the State of Maine,
should be confirmed. Whethcrthey had aright or
not—whether it was a rightful title or a wrongful
one—the Government stipulated that it should
be confirmed to the parties in possession. It so
happened that grants were made by New Bruns-
wick, to certain persons, of small tracts that really
belonged to citizens of Maine. When you come
to trace the title, there is no doubt about it; and
independent of the treaty, which is the supreme
law of the land, the citizens of Maine might sus-
tain an action of ejectment in their courts, and
oust the grantees from New Brunswick, and take
the land. But then comes in the United States
treaty with Great Britain, saying that the titles
should be confirmed to the parties in possession.
The Government has thus taken this private
property for the purpose of forming this treaty,
and applied it to public use, that is, to bringing
about the treaty; and it is no more than reason-
able that the Government should pay the amount,
whatever it may be.
Acting upon that principle we have in one in-
stance , at all events, paid for one of these tracts of
land, thus settling the principle. It has been set-
tled in the highest court of Maine that it belonged
to the Government to pay,as will be seen by any
one who will take pains to look into the matter;
but the facts are very difficult to ascertain. There
are so many of these small titles which are claimed,
that it is difficult to undertake, by ex parte testi-
mony, to fix the quantity and value of the claims;
and 1 do not see any better way to do it than to
appoint a person to go there and take the testi-
mony, make his report, and present it to us at
the next session. We think that would be the
cheapest and quickest way to dispose of it, and
for that purpose we report this resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. The report was ordered
to be printed.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
M*\ BROWN. After the discussion of the
District armory bill yesterday, the Senate found
themselves without a quorum, while in the act of
taking the yeas and nays. I rise simply to ask
the Senate this morning: to complete the vote. I
do not desire to discuss the question any further,
and I hope nobody else does.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to remind the Sen-
ate and the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
that this is the day assigned for private business;
but still, in view of the fact that the bill has been
much discussed, I think it is due to him and the
committee which he represents, that we shoula
obtain a vote on it, though, if it leads to debate,
I must insist on proceeding to the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to trench on the
private business of the day, but I want to com-
plete the vote taken yesterday evening.
Mr. FirZPATRICK. As it seemed to be the
sense of the Senate yesterday to observe strictly
the rules of order in the investigation of this bill,
1 inquire it it is in order to take up this bill this
morning and whether to do so does not over-
ride a standing rule of the Senate?
The PRESI DENT;jro tempore. At one o'clock,
by resolution of the Senate, the special order i?
the private bills on the Calendar. Between the
hoius of twelve and one o'clock, it is in the power
of the Senate to take up any subject which a
majority may direct.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Iam not disposed to
manifest any factious opposition to this bill, but
as the Senate seemed so decidedly inclined yes-
terday to observe order in all respects, I feel
I inclined to insist on the regular course of business.
According to my understanding and impression
heretofore, Friday has been particularly set apart
for private bills. 1 have doubted whether we
had a right even to transact the ordinary business
of the morning hour. I believe the Senate will
bear me testimony that I have not been in the
habit of throwing any obstacles in the way of
; the wishes of gentlemen; but when 1 see a major-
! ity of the Senate at least so remarkably fond of
j applying the rules of order to me, I insist upon
i their observance by others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the order made by the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Revolved, That, for the residue of the present session,
the private bills on the Calendar shall be special orders of
the day on Friday oi* each week, at one o'clock, ill the
order in which they stand on the Calendar."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi
