1855.]
APPENDIX TO THJS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Organization of the House—Mn Bermett, of Mississippi.
Ho. of Reps.
But, sir, I am not through with the tern\f of
peace submitted, to which, in the Philadelphia
platform, they pledge themselves. They agree
to uncompromising antagonism to every principle
of policy that endangers it, (the Union being
with them the paramount political good.) The
fanatics of the North assume to have the power
to abolish the slave trade between the States, and
abolish slavery in the States, and the South
should, as she will do, declare uncompromising
resistance to such acts. Sir, by whom are we
met: It is the American party, if they continue
firm to their platform, because they are pledged
to uncompromising hostility to every principle of
policy that will endanger tfie Union, that having
teen by the American party admitted to be the
paramount political good. It may be said that,
in order to sustain my position, I atn supposing
extreme cases, and so the South has from time
to time been lulled to repose upon this subject;
but the rise and progress of Abolitionism is fa-
miliar to the youngest adult on the theater of ac-
tion. How long back that they did not number
a "corporal's guard?" ft then danced most fan-
tastically before the political parties in this coun-
try, claiming, in the name of God and humanity,
but slight aggression upon our rights. Mr.
Calhoun, who then looked ahead with the un-
erring eye of prophecy*, and foretold the alarm-
ing demands it would exact of the South, was
branded as an alarmist, and an ultra-agitator in
the South.
But the advocates of the Philadelphia platform
not only yielded the right of resistance, as I have
attempted in a desultory manner to present to this
House, but they pledge themselves to advocate
an equitable adjustment of all political differences
which threaten its integrity and perpetuity. The
North claims that no other State shall ever be
admitted into this Union as a slave State. The
American party at Philadelphia admits the Union
to be the paramount political good—opposition
to every attempt to weaken or subvertjt; ulftorn-
promismg hostility to every principle and policy
that will endanger it; the advocacy of an equit-
able adjustment of all political differences which
threaten its integrity and perpetuity.
I ask candid men of all parties if they adhere
in good faith to the admissions in the Philadel-
phia platform? Are they not bound to yield, as
an equitable adjustment of all political differ-
ences, that no other State shall ever come into this
Union,except as a free State? Does it not seem,
from the admissions and yieldings of the Ameri-
can party, in the resolutions of their platform
adopted at Philadelphia, binding themselves, let
Congress, with Abolition rule, do as bigotry and
fanaticism might seem right and proper, that they
would not resist if that resistance had the slight-
est tendency to disturb the peace and quiet of
this Union, the Union being the paramount poli-
tical good, according to their admission? But
they still promise and agree to the suppression
of all tendencies to political divisions, founded
on geographical distinctions, or on the belief,
that there is a real difference of interest and I
views between the various sections of the Union.
Not content with having bound themselves ]'
against all resistance, they bind themselves to i
suppress that spirit of resentment and resistance !;
that animates the heart of every freeman who 1
loves equal rights and equal justice. i
The southern men, when the Constitution has
been disregarded, stripped of their property, and
their honor insulted—are they to be met by this
American party with arguments to suppress their I
feelings of insulted honor? But, sir, not content !
with the surrender of every right of resistance, !
of rights violated, and honor insulted, they still
agree that, if the aggressions of the North shall i
continue until wickedness, and fanaticism shall
have glutted over its abominations, the slave in I
chains would even dare to express-sentiments
of resistance. This Philadelphia platform requires
them to yield a habit of reverential obedience to i
all laws, whether national, State, or municipal,
until declared unconstitutional by the proper au-
thority—and this is the boon for a violated Con-
stitution, violated rights, and insulted honor: a
mock trial by an Abolition judge, with a rever-
ential obedience until that judge may be pleased
to investigate the cause.
New Series—No. 4
Mr. Clerk, having attempted in & very brief
manner to give some of the reasons for not cast-
ing my vote for any one entertaining sentiments
so at war with the interests of the South, I must
i be permitted, before I concise this branch of my
I subject, to call the attention of the House to an-
I other fact. There are seats of members of this
: House contested. I know not the character,birth-
place, or religious opinions of the members be-
tween whom this contest is going on. It may be
that one or the other of these parties is a Roman
Catholic or foreigner, and I should be unwilling
to see any man take his seat in that chair, bound
by previous obligations to vote against either.
What are the peculiar positions of the respect-
ive candidates presented before the country for
Speaker? The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] with great frankness and candor, in
the short biographical sketch which he gave of
i himself politically, stated, that at the time of the
i agitation in the Congress of the United States in
j reference to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, he was
opposed to that measure, and that he is now in
favor of a restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise, and opposed to the extension of slavery,
not only into Kansas, but into any of the Terri-
tories of the United States. He tells us that he is
the Representative upon this floor of the strongest
anti-slavery party in the United States. I have
before me a pamphlet containing the proceedings
: of a convention of Abolitionists at Syracuse, New
Yosjfc and what do they say? I suppose, sir,
thankis was a convention of conservative Abo-
litionists—not so ultra in feeling as the Abolition-
ists in the district from which the gentleman from
Massachusetts comes. What do they say ? They
claim under the Constitution to have the power
to abolish slavery everywhere in the United States:
" Resolved, That we, therefore, reject as useless all
schemes for limiting, localizing, confining, or ameliorating
slavery—all plans tor protecting the noo-si^veholdiog States
from the aggressions of slavery, and from the liability of
I becoming overspread and overborne by it—which do not
! look directly to tile immediate and unconditional prohibition
and suppression of slavery in all parts of the country." |
They pledge themselves to proceed to the ex-
ercise of that power: 1
" Resolved, That we consider it the duty of the Legis-
latures of the several States to pass laws forbidding-, under
heavy penalties, the arrest of any person as a fugitive slave,
or under the so-called fugitive slave bill. !
" Resolved, That this convention recommend the organi- ,
zation of efficient committees in every county or congres-
sional district, wliose duty it shall be to raise filnds, by hold- I
ing public meetings or otherwise, for defraying' the lcf'
expenses and liquidating the fines of such persons as may
be prosecuted for violations of the fugitive slave bill."
They pledge themselves to constitute commit- :
tees throughout the United States for the purpose
of raising funds to pay the fines that may be im-
posed upon individuals for resisting the execution
of the fugitive slave bill—a law passed in obedi-
ence to the express letter of the Constitution.
; And yet, sir, here is a gentleman presented for
i the speakership and voted for in this House by
one hundred and seven members, who states that
he represents a people who entertain stronger
anti-slavery sentiments than any other people in
the Union. His people have not yet spoken upon
the question of slavery in convention; what their
sentiments may be when they shall speak, I will
not pause now to inquire.
But, Mr. Clerk, what are the sentiments of the
fentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller?]
le states that, if he had been in Congress at the
time of the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
he would have opposed the bill, and opposed the
repeal of the Missouri restriction; but that inas-
much as Congress has acted upon that question,
he is willing to acquiesce in that law, and will
vote against any proposition that may be pre-
sented for its repeal. But there are other Terri-
tories remaining over which territorial laws must
be extended, and the gentleman has not said with
regard to Minnesota and those other Territories,
whether in the event of a proposition being offered
to extend territorial laws over them, he is willing !;
that the principle embraced in the Kansas-Ne- !
braska act shall be extended to them. Tlurt ques-
tion has not been answered by him, and in the !i
contest between him and Mr. Wright, he occu- !
pied the position of an anti-Nebraska man before
the people. Mr. Wright was the supporter of ^
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and was defeated. ^
Who does the Democracy offer? We present
you with a man who was the leader of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, and whose eloquent voice was
employed in carrying the Kansas-Nebraska bill
through the Congress of the United States, and
who is willing that the principles embraced in
that bill shall be extended to all the Territories
belonging to the Government.
i I ask these gentlemen, as southerners, under
all the circumstances that surround them, when
' the slavery question is presented in a most fearful
j aspect lo the people of the South, and when the
! Free-Soil and Abolition sentiment is arrayed
against us in this House~I ask them whether they
will allow questions relating to the birth-place
and religion of individuals to prevent them from,
uniting with us in the defense of southern rights?
Mr. STANTON. L wish to know if the South
desires that the restriction shall be removed from'
the Territories of Minnesota and Oregon, so as
to allow them to take their slaves into these Terri-
tories?
Mr. BENNETT. When I have finished my
argument, I will answer any question that the
gentleman may desire to put to me, but I prefer
not to be interrupted at this stage of my remarks.
I will say, however, I am in favor of the peoplfe
in all the Territories belonging to the United
States, when forming their constitution, to say for
themselves whether they will abolish or permit
slavery. It has been said by the Opposition in
this House that the Democratic party has ignored
I the slavery question, and in proof of that asser-
. tion reference has beeri made to an article in the
Washington Union of the 5th of June, 1854. It
is true that in that article the editor of the Union
• does take the ground that no national party can
ever be formed in the-United States upon the
morality of the slavery question.
Sir, has the South ever implored the sympathy
of the North upon the morality of shntfiy?
Where have we demanded of them to unite with
us upon its morality ? The South asks no sym-
pathy of the North, either of the Democrats or
Republicans, in regard to the morality of slavery.
That is a question for which the South alone is
responsible. They are responsible at the bar of
their country, and at the bar of Heaven, in rela-
tion to the sinfulness of slavery, and it is a re-
sponsibility which they are ready to meet. We,
admit with feelings of gratitude that the northern
Democracy have sustained our constitutional
rights to slavery, and that is all we ask. But,
sir, the gentleman left off in liis quotation froixT
the editor of the Union just where I wish to com-
mence speaking, in regard to the nationality q£
the Democratic party. He says,in that same ar-
ticle, that we can form'a national party upon the
constitutional protection of slavery, and that the
North and the South did harmoniously unite in
the Baltimore platform upon the constitutional
right of protection to slavery.
What do they say in the BaltiiAore platform ?
In the first article upon the subject of slavery
they say " that the Congress of the United States
has no power under the Constitution to legislate
upon the subject of slavery in the States where it
exists, "&c. The next section in the platform
provides that the foregoing proposition  h ll be
made to extend to all cases where the subject of
slave agitation may take place. What does H
mean by the " foregoing proposition ?" Why,
that Congress, under the Constitution, has no
power to legislate upon the subject of slavery.
Then, sir, if the subject of slavery can be agitated
in the Territories of the United States, the legit-
imate conclusion is, that, under the Constitution,
Congress has no power to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories. The next
section in the Baltimore platform on the subject
of slavery is, that they oppose the agitation of
the slavery question both in and out of Congress;
and yet gentlemen tell utf we have ignored the
question of slavery. Let me tell gentlemen to
look to their own household before they make
that charge against the Democracy. Let those
Avho live in glass housett be cautious how they
cast the first stone.
. The greatquestion agitated in the public mind,
is the question of slavery extension, and the power
ofConffje ss to legislate , on the subject of slavery
in the Tojritoriea. The Abolition party claim
