1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CxLOBE.
is this; and it may be surrounded, and no doubt
is-surrounded, with difficulties, as all other plans
are: I propose, sir, that this House proceed to
the selection of two standing committees—the
Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs—in this way: these
committees, it will be remembered, are composed
of nine members each. I propose, then, that the
Republican party, indicated by its one hundred
and five votes, shall nominate four members of
each of these two committees. I propose that the
Administration party, indicated by its seventy-
four votes, shall nominate three members of each of
these committees. This will make seven. I pro-
pose th$n, that the corporal's guard of the South,
aidedby those menoftheNortn whohavestood by
them, have the humble privilege of nominating
the remaining two members of each committee.
I propose then, that these two committees retire
and select their chairmen by a majority vote. I
propose then, that the two chairmen preside over
the ordinary business of this House alternately
until a Speaker shall be elected. I propose that,
under this plan, one hour of each day be devoted
to the introduction of bills and resolutions, and
to, their reference to the appropriate committees,
to be taken charge of by their respective clerks.
I propose then, that the members of this House
be sworn in by the chairmen of the Committee
of Ways and Means; and that then the House
proceed to elect a Clerk, Postmaster, Sergeant-
at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and last, but not least, a
Chaplain, through whose prayers, perhaps, some
oil may be thrown upon the troubled waters.
[Laughter.]
I have said, Mr. Clerk, that the speeches
which have been delivered here have not been
calculated to promote harmony. This is no time"
for invective. It is no time for crimination and
recrimination. It is no time for the sharp retort,
for sarcasm, or for defiance. We want harmony.
We want concession. We must have conces-
sion, or else this House will never be organized.
I believe, sir, that if this plan can be adopted, and
we can go regularly to the gradual discharge of
our public duties, and pay more attention to the
public business than we pay to those harsh diffi-
culties which must arise among all parties, pos-
sibly there can be in a few days such a state of
harmony in this House as will facilitate and pro-
mote the speedy settlement of these difficulties.
I have no doubt, Mr. Clerk, of the feasibility
of this plan, and I submit it, in order to hear the
older members of the House on the difficulties—
if any there be—which surround it. I have not,
so far, examined the laws and the rules affecting
this House, as to know whether or not there are
difficulties in the way of adopting my plan. I
can only say, that there is 110 constitutional diffi-
culty in the way. I have examined it in that
connection; I have examined the Constitution on
the subject, and I can say distinctly, that though
there maybe some difficulties in the old rules and
the'old laws in regard to rules, there is no con-
stitutional objection to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would state to the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] that the law
of 1791 requires the House to elect a Speaker, to
be sworn in by a member thereof, before pro-
ceeding to any other business. This is a law
passed bv the House and Senate, and signed by
the President, and the action of one House can-
not annul a law of the land.
Mr. SMITH. As to the fact of the existence
of the law referred to by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bocock:,] I presume there is 110
doubt. Nevertheless, I think that that does not
preclude the possibility of adopting my plan. It
does not prevent the House from going on tem-
porarily to the discharge of the duties which are
pressing upon us, on the plan which I have pro-
posed. There is nothing m it in conflict with the
Constitution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, I would
ask the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith]
whether this House can authorize any person to
administer the oath to the members required by
the Constitution? The law of Congress requires
that the Speaker be elected, and that some one
member shall administer the oath to him.
Mr. SNEED. Will my colleague [Mr. J ones]
be good enough to read that law to the House?
Mr. JONES. I have it not before me. It j
requires that the Speaker elected shall administer 1
the oaths to the members of the House. The
Constitution of the United States requires that
this oath shall be administered. Iaskhim,then,
if this House, by a mere resolution, has any au-
thority whatever to authorize any individual to
administer the oath to me, to him, or to any
other person? In other words, can the House
constitute an officer to perform that duty ? Can
they authorize any other person than a regularly
elected Speaker to administer oaths which shall
be legal and binding upon any person, unless it
be passed by both Houses of Congress, and
signed by the President of the United States in
the form of a law ?
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, who has just addressed
the House, is one of those members to whom I
appealed to know what difficulties, if any, sur-
rounded the proposition I propose to present. He
has suggested a difficulty, and it may be a serious
one, so far as the administration of the oath is
concerned. But I have made this proposition as
a basis upon which we might more quietly bring
about the organization of the House. And I
cannot see distinctly how there can be any insur-
mountable difficulties in the way of the adoption
of such a resolution.
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
from Alabama will allow mo, I will refer the
House to the language of the law to which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] alluded.
Mr. SMITH yielded the floor.
Mr. GROW. It is the second section of an
act passed in 1789, and is-in these words:
llJlnd he it further enaded, That at the first session of
Congress after eveiy genej.il election of iteiiiescntalivo:.,
the oafll or affirmation aforesnid sliall It;- administered by
any one member of the House of ltepresontatives to the
Speaker, and by llim to alt the memtteis present, and to
tile Clerk, prci'lotts to entering on any other Inixmcss."
Mr. JONES. When was that act approved5
Mr. GROW. The 17th of June, 1789.
Mr. JONES. Was it the first act passed upon
the subject?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, (resuming.) I am satisfied that
unless something of this sort is done, the public
business of the country will suffer. I know it is
ordinarily remarked, that it is not a matter of any
great consequence that the House should proceed
at once to business. It is said that it never does
any business until after the Christmas holidays;
and there may be a good deal of truth in the re-
mark; but it is nevertheless true that tlierS is,
ordinarily, a vast amount of business introduced
and placed upon the stocks, so to speak, before
that time.
Now, can we not take up this matter informally;
have these committees appointed; let gentlemen
prepare their bills, and bring them forward; have
them referred to these committees, if necessary;
and then lei them, instead of making speeches
upon topics such as we have heard for the last
several days, which are really exciting and cal-
culated to do mischief, make speeches upon the
public business of their constituents'
There are no hopes that a regular organization
of the House can be effected for months to come
in the present condition of things. My honor-
able colleague from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] a
few days ago, submitted a proposition by way
of compromise. And how was it received? It
was received by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] with the declaration
that the Democratic party will never go into any
caucus unless it be a Democratic caucus. What
probability, then, is there of our harmonizing so
long as such feelings prevail—while such senti-
ments are persisted m by the different parties in
the House towards each other ? Upon what basis
can any proposition be made by any party in the
House to any other party, with any hopes of
success? Why, sir, the whole object seems to
be upon all sides to throw obloquy by one party
upon another. And how easy is it to do that!
Our whole history shows that this is the bane of
parties. It is a feature that is developed often,
even before a party is organized. Scarcely does
ever a party commence its existence, before
mountains of obloquy are heaped upon it from
all sides. Now, sir, I"would not have that couise
pursued in this House. I would say nothing—
I would have nothing said—to excite ill-feeling
in this House. I say that it is its duty to
proceed to the business of the country. I judge
every man by the same rule by which I would ;
like to be judged myself. I give to them the :
same credit for acting in perfect honesty whieh-I
claim for myself. I- h^ve* then, submitted this .
proposition; and make these temarlts.in all can- -
dor to this House. I present, them with a. plan
which, though it may not be.bindijig uppirthem "
as a law, yet it is perfectly practicable for ua .to
thus informally organize to that extent, and- pro-
ceed quietly with the business of the country and
with the business of the perfect organization of •
the House. The speeches that are made then
may be made upon the legitimate business, of the
House; and it will, at least, have the effect of
quieting the agitation, the excitcment, the indig-
nation of a constituency which certainly have:
some cause to complain.
Mr. CADWALADER. I beg leave to dissent
from the conclusions of the eloquent gentleman
who has just taken his seat—that the House are
altogether wasting the public time in their efforts
to elect a Speaker, or that there has not been
profit from the developments attendant upon the
delays and apparent difficulties which have stood
in the way of its organization. We are here en-
gaged in the practical solution of the problem,
whether America can be governed by such Amer-
icans as do not recognize the truth of two propo-
sitions presented to the House by the Democratic
minority, as constituting together the present
platform of their party. The first is perfect
equality of privileges, civil, religious, and politi-
cal, of every citizen of our country without ref-
erence to the place of his birth. The second is
the unqualified right of the people of the slave -
holding Stales to protection of their property
in the States, in the Territories, and in the wil-
derness in which territorial governments are as
yet unorganized. The Democratic platform is
based on the recognition, not of one, but of both
of these principles; and when efforts are made by
honorable geiitlemen to separate'these two ques-
tions, the Democratic party, resting upon its plat-
form, says: " We cannot compromise either
proposition, but stand united upon both."
Now, of what is the anti-Democratic party
composted? It is composed of three elements.
One portion deny both of the Democratic propo-
sitions; another portion content themselves with
a denial of one proposition; the remaining por-
tion with a denial of the other. I might perhaps
mention a fourth class; but as 1 wish to speak
with perfect courtesy of those from whom I
differ, I will say nothing of the innominate or
nondescript portion. I do not stand hero, to dis-
cuss either of the two questions which I have
stated; but I most respectfully desire to explain
certain reasons why, m the present aspect of the
question of organization, Democratic members
cannot be expected to unite in any measure
which shall expedite organization otherwise than
through a majority of ail the votes. It may be
that in this respect a different aspect of the ques-
tion may hereafter be presented; but the question
is not presented in any such aspect now. I will
state briefly what I understand to be the reasons
to which I have referred. We are taught to
believe by those persons outside of this House
who assume to know all the truths upon which
political affairs depend, that there are upon this
floor about eighty gentlemen who make the Abo-
lition or Free-Soil principle their governing rule;
about sixty who concur m opposing the Democ-
racy, but, in their estimate of the importance of
this Abolition principle, postpone it to the ques-
tion which involves the rights of our naturalized
fellow-citizens; and that there are some seventy-
five who stand upon the Democratic platform,
recognizing both the propositions which I at first
stated. The few remaining members of the House,
as yet, occupy no defined or intelligible position.
Now, sir, a remarkable occurrencc has taken
place upon this floor—an occurrence as yet unex-
plained—casting a veil of mystery over our pres-
ent action, and exciting much more indignation
throughout this land than the mere negative
causes which have thus far prevented our organ-
ization. Every member of this House, I am
sure, at once recalls to mind the occurrence to
which I refer. When the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] had received, as a
candidate for the speakership, a number of votes,
which is generally understood to have indicated
