1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
children but it has never fnlly canceled the obligations
which was clearly due by it to them.
" The committee being of this opinion, report a hill giving
to the heirs of Colonel John Hardin the difference between
the amount received by his widow and children, under the
two previous acts of Congress, and the sum of $500 [per
annum] from the date of his death to the date of the death
oi his widow."
The only evidence that General Wilkinson
made the promise here referred to, is contained in
the letter written by Colonel Hardin at the time.
Wilkinson had sent for Hardin, who resided in
the State of Kentucky. Hardin had crossed the
Ohio river at Fort Washington, when Wilkinson
made known his object, that he wished to employ
him on the very hazardous service, as it was
known to be, of going to the Indians with over-
tures. Here is his correspondence cotemporane-
ous at the time from Fort Washington, giving an
account of his condition and the troubles of his
mind on this subject.
Hardin admitted the danger and hazard of the
service which he was about to undertake, and
• consoled his wife by telling her that " in the
worst event you shall be provided for; General
Wilkinson has promised me that you shall
have at least $200 per annum during your
natural life." This was a pious man as well as
soldier, and he writes altogether in that spirit.
In his direction for the instruction of his family,
he looksat things like a man of sense and of sensi-
bility. He said that he should like to be at his
peaceful home, but the service was pressing; he
felt that he could not decline it. " It is a
hazardous one, but if 1 fall you arc to be pro-
vided for, and General Wilkinson says you shall
have $200 a year from the Government as long as
you live." That is the highest evidence, I
think, which the Senate can require of the exist-
ence of such a promise.
JN'ow, has it been fulfilled? This promise was
to make provision for the wife at $200 a year. If
such a contract existed, (and I suppose the discre-
tion of a general commanding in such a position
must have extended to make such a one,) it ife as
solemn and binding an engagement as can be
made; and the Government should redeem it.
Has it done so? In the year 1793, (as soon as
the fate of Hardin was ascertained, for it was
sometime doubtful what became of him—it was
suupposed he had perished, and it was sometime
before his fate was ascertained,) Congress passed
a law, giving ^450a year, for seven years, to the
wife nnd children. Was the whole of that $450,
given expressly by the act to the wife and chil-
dren, to be deducted from the aggregate amount
of jj200 promised to the wife? I say not. Con-
gress thought themselves bound to go further
than General Wilkinson, though not knowing of
this contract. This letter of old Colonel John
Haidm to Ins wife was never known until about i
twelve or fifteen years ago. Without the knowl- j
edge of that letter, but knowing that this man j
had perished in their service, they passed an act j
providing for his wife and children, giving them
$450 a year for seven years. There were sixehil- i
dren, and I say that all that can be charged against '
the wife is $200 of this money as received for her
annuity.
This would bring it down to the year 1800, and
she lived to the year 1829; in the mean time, I
say, she was entitled to this money. Congress in
the year 1800 passed another lav/. Hardin was
still remembered, and Hardin's fate was still re-
membered; and they passed another law giving
$100 per annum to each of his children until they
became of a^e. Is that to be applied to extinguish
the claim of the wife? The wife was the first
object of solicitude for the husband. It was for
her support, if he was wounded, that he demanded
a pledge from the Government through his com-
manding olficer, General Wilkinson, that his wife
should have §200 a year. The committee in the
other House, taking the view winch they have
done, in the repoit which I have read, charge to
the widow all the money given to the children by
the List act. Not a cent was given to the widow
alone by the act of 1800, or by the act of 17'.W.
The £-150 was given to the widow and the six chil-
dren. If this contract is believed, she was enti-
tled to y300 a yearfiom the death of her husband
down to her own. That was the promise. She
is entitled to that whole sum except so far as the j
Government, may have satisfied it. The Govern- j
mcntnevcrgrantedher,forannuity,anytlung. To |
her and her children they granted $450 for seven
years, which brought them to 1800. In 1800
they granted $100 a year to each one of the
children.
Now, considering the $450 allowed from 1793
to 1800, and suppc-ing that they paid $200 per
year to her, and $250 only to the six children,
which is certainly making an adjustment of it not
favorable to the widow, she is entitled to the
whole of the annuity from 1800 to 1829, and that
tis the sum due. But the committee of the other
House have charged her with the whole amount
paid to her children, and have deducted that from
her annuity, and propose to allow only the bal-
ance.
This is the whole case. The committee of the
Senate have felt themselves required to report
altogether againstthe bill. Upon what basis that
has been done, I confess I do not know I have |
made a calculation, according to this statement,
exactly of what is due to the widow. It is un-
necessary to trouble the Senate with the calcu-
lation; bxit the result of it is this: $7,400 is the
total amount of $200 per year during the lifetime
of the wife after the death of her husband. From
that ought to be deducted, from 1793 to 1800, as
chargeable to her, $200 of the $450 paid to her
and the six children. Thus I deduct $1,400 from
$7,400, and, as I understand this contract, the
balance is due to her. What is the stage of this
bill now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The bill is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. When reported
to the Senate, the question will be on its third
reading.
Mr. "CRITTENDEN. I wish, by the first vote
of the Senate, to ascertain whether they intend to
sustain the adverse report. If they do, there is
no amendment to be made. If not, I shall offer
such an amendment as it seems to mo will bring
the sum up to what is fairly and necessarily due
to the widow.
Mr. WELLER. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I made the adverse
report on this bill. I know it is a very ungra-
cious task to oppose any bill for "the relief of any
descendant of one who has performed most dis-
tinguished military services for his country; and
the Committee on Military Affairs were very ;
anxious to give a favorable consideration to this '
bill, but they came to the conclusion, by a unan-
imous vote, that the Government had already
been very liberal towards the heirs of Colonel
John Hardin. By the act of 1793 Congress gave
to the widow $450 per annum for seven years, j
They aftei wardspassed a law in 1800, giving $100 [
a year to each one of the minor children who
weie left by Colonel John Hardin. Congress 1
also gave to these heirs bounty land in consider- j
ation of the sei vices which had been rendered by ,
their ancestor. They have received altogether, |
in money, $5,520. j
Now, the Senator from Kentucky assumes the i
position that there was a contract between Colonel j
John Hardin and General Wilkinson; and that, !
by the terms of that contract, the widow was en-1
titled to $200 per annum during her life. We |
have gone back to the archives for the purpose \
of ascertaining, if possible, if there was any rec- i
ognition of any contract on the part of General 1
Wilkinson. We were able to find official dis-
patches communicating to the Government intel-
ligence of the death of Colonel John Hardin, and ;
of the manner in which he had fallen; but m j
none of the records can we find any account of,
this promise having been made by General Wil- ;
kinson. I do not doubt,from the high character i
of Colonel Hardin, that this statement which he :
wrote immediately preceding his departure on ,
this peiilous movement was true—I mean the 1
letter addiessed to lus wife. But if it is to be j
treated as a contract, it is somewhat strange that j
the discovery was not made until the present ■
time. All acis of Congiess winch have been
parsed for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Colonel John Hardin, and the acts of bounty,
were given to them because of the gallantry of
their ancestor, and not because of any contract *
or legal obligation resting on this Government to 1
take care of them. ■
I think that in this case, if the widow were now
living, there i- "o Senator here who would not t
vote to make Uie amplest provision for her during 1
her life; but she has long since passed away.
After she*has been provided for during her life,
(which the promise of General Wilkinson in-
tended to do,) after this ample provision has been
made for her, the heirs come in at this late day
and ask for a further appropriation from Congress.
I concedo all that the Senator from Kentucky has
said in regard to the gallantry of this man, and
all that can be said in regard to the descendants
of Colonel Hardin; but I think this Government
has been more liberal towards these descendants
than to those of any other soldier of whom I
have any knowledge. I was compelled, therefore,
to report against the passage of this bill, but the
Senate of course can make what disposition they
please of it. I am content with having discharged
my duty, when I have told the Senate the grounds
upon which the committee were compelled to-go
against the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to move an
amendment to the bill. I consider that, in the
terms of this agreement, the widow was entitled
to $200 a year. She died in the year 1829. She
received for seven years, I will suppose, her an-
nuity of $200. That is all she has received. The
balance due is, as I understand, $7,400, less the
$1,400. That is the sum to which, I think, Mrs.
Hardin was entitled. I move to amend the bill
by substituting that in place of the sum mentioned
in the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the sum mentioned
in the bill?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The sum mentioned in
the bill is this amount, reduced by charging the
widow with the whole sum of $450 a year, which
was granted to her and her children for seven
years, and charging her also with the sum appro-
priated to her children alone. That certainly ia
not a compliance with the contract. She has re-
ceived $1,400 from Congress in the form of, and
as part of, the $450 granted for seven years to her
and her six children.
Mr. EVANS. Who will get this money?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. She is dead, and con-
sequently it will go to her descendants, some of
them m the second generation. Colonel John
Hardin, formerly a member of Congress, who died
at Buena Vista, was the grandson of this old man
who was killed by the Indians.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. MAsoNin
the chair.) The Chair understands the Senator
to make a motion that the amount mentioned in
the bill (#1,879 06) be stricken out, and $6,000
inserted m lieu of it.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the bill be read a third time ?
On a division there were—ayes 10, noes 18; no
quorum voting.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, and others, called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Collampr,
Crittenden, Dodge, Fe?«enden, Fish, Foot, Foster, James,
Mason, Thompson of Kentucky, and Trumbull—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Biags. Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Evans, Fitzpatriek, Hamlin, Houston, Ilunter, Iverson,
Mallory, Pearee, Pratt, Pugh, Re id, Seward, Slidell,
Toombs, Wade, and W>Iler-r-25.
So the bill was rejected.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That wlien the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first pri-
vate bill in the order of business, is the bill (S.
No. 304) for the relief of Hiram Moore and John
Hascall, or their legal representatives.
Mr. CASS. My colleague desires to be heard
on that bill. He is unwell, and not able to attend
the Senate to-day. I wish, therefore, that it may
be passed over.
The X^RESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be postponed until next Friday.
OBED HUSSEf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 305) for the
relief of Obed Hussey.
Mr. BENJAMIN. X believe that bill is in the
