60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the true force of one of the elements to which I
have alluded, he withdrew his name from the
canvass; and, with a feeling1 which drew forth
approbation from every quarter, declared, in gen-
eral terms, that his* honor, or the honor of the
House—we did not then, with absolute certainty,
know which, though his own honor was under-
stood to be meant—would be involved in any
arrangement by which he could increase his vote.
In saying this, he referred expressly to theorgan-
ization of the committees of this House as the
subject-matter of that suggested arrangement
which he repudiated with scorn, on what he
called a question of honor. Honor! that was
the word. Having referred to the organization
of the committees of this House as the touch-
stone of this point of honor, every man's heart,
of course, rose to his mouth. A respectful ap-
plication was, however, afterwards made to that
honorable gentleman to develop the scope and
extent of his meaning, by making a specification
of the serious charge which he had thus advanced
in general language. That gentleman best knows
the rule of his own conduct.
I have hitherto been accustomcd to believe that
whenever a general charge is made, it is appro-
priate to require a specification. This is espe-
cially a regular inquiry when persons present are
to be involved in any investigation consequent
upon the charge. I believe that the gentleman
from Ohio would have recognized the soundness of
this rule of conduct, and would have given us the
specification, if the request had proceeded from a
quarter from which he thought that it was rightly
addressed to him. But the request unfortunately
was made by a Democrat, the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] and as one
of w? took the liberty thus to put the question to
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, he claimed
the right to make a specific response, or not, as
lie might sec proper. I agree reluctantly that,
until the question is asked by one of those
whose possible connection with the subject-matter
of the charge might be suggested, he has the right
thus to take the position which he did assume,
and to say to us Democrats: " Gentlemen, I will
not submit myself to ijonr crosR-cxamination."
Then our unfortunate condition is this: 1 have no
right to submit the gentleman to a cross-exam-
ination; neither had my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Smith] the right. But those who have the
right—those anti-Democratic members whom the
charge concerns—have not yet seen fit to ask for
a specification. We therefore accepted thank-
fully the brief, but not unimportant, response
which the distinguished member interrogated
condescended to make. His remarkable reply
was, in words or in effect, that he refused to give
the required specification, because, by doing so,
he might obstruct the organization of the House.
This unquestionably implied, that he was appre-
hensive lest a premature disclosure of the whole
of the truths which now rest within his own secret
knowledge would impair the vote for {Speaker of
the party whose success he desired.
But, sir, there have since been further develop-
ments—striking developments—rendering what is
known as important as any portion of that which,
unfortunately, remains unknown. An honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
who stands on the same party platform as the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, afterwards re-
ceived an accession of a sufficient number of votes
to make every member whose mind recurred to
the imperfect disclosures of the gentleman from
Ohio, desirous to learn from what quarter that
accession came. Dxccpt fur the sake of informa-
tion, this was no concern, perhaps, of those who
are not voters on that side of the question; but
we, the Democratic minority, were at liberty to
regard it as a remarkable fact, that a gentleman
put forward by those who occupy the same polit-
ical platform, received this large accession of
votes. We were not, for any great length of
time, at a loss to know the cause. The honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, who received
this accession of Aotes, has told us—and no one
doubts his sincerity—that he has not, in person,
or, as I understood him to mean, through the
agency of others, been privy to any such arrange-
ment as the gentleman from Ohio had rejected as
dishonorable. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts telling us this, we fully confide in it. But we
are told, by his friends and partisans, that he has
been politically educated upon Democratic prin-
ciples, and that ho stood originally on the plat-
form of these principles. However he may have
deserted them, he must, I suppose, while.profess-
ing them, have acquired adequate knowledge of
the modes in which he would, if elected Speaker,
be able to represent any constituency which might
happen to elect him.
Now, if it has been the case that gentlemen
have forborne to pursue with him the policy
which was adopted with such a failure of success
with the gentleman from Ohio, we can say that,
profiting by experience, they have this time been
less imprudent. If it had rested there, we would
not, however, have been at fault informing an
opinion as to their motives and purposes, if they
should by succcss become his constituents; nor
would we have been at a loss in forming a con-
ception of the character and tendency of the rec-
ommendations which he would receive from those
who must become participants in his councils. We
might therefore have conjectured the character of
the proposed understanding as to the committees
which had been condemned by the gentleman from
Ohio. But it did not rest there. Another gentle-
man from Ohio, the senior member of this House,
[Mr. Giddjn-gs,] has since told us on this floor
what would be the precise expectations of this
constituency. I translate into plain English the
declarations of that gentleman thus: "Make the
honorable member from Massachusetts Speaker,
and he will constitute the Committee on Territo-
ries and the Committee of Elections, and certain
other committees, in such a manner as to suit the
views of those who stand upon the Abolition
platform, and he will compose the committees
expected to bring forward questions arising under
-•the naturalization laws, and cognate questions
involving principles of civil and religious liberty,
in the mode which will best suit the views of the
party who desire to claim for themselves the de-
nomination of4 American.
The question thus arises: Are those few gen-
tlemen on this floor, who profess to disapprove
of the Democratic organization generally, but
concur with Democrats in desiring to sustain the
privileges of our brethren of the slaveholding
States—I say, are the gentlemen who compose
this portion of tho anti-Democratic majority, to
be forced into the new organization which is
pledged explicitly by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] to sacrifice what these gentle-
men concur with the Democratic party in regard-
ing as constitutionally guaranteed rights of the
slaveholding States? Upon these gentlemen de-
pends the organization of this House. I now,in
a plain and an honest way, confiding in their sin-
cerity, address them thus: You have to choose
between evils that which you may deem the
least. An Abolitionist, or the Democratic candi-
date [Mr. Richardson] must, sooner or later,
be elected Speaker of this House by a majority
or by a plurality of its votes. If you deem the
choice of the Democratic candidate a less evil
than that of an Abolitionist, vote, if you see
proper, for the Democratic candidate. If you do
so, you can expect nothing from him or from the
party which he will, in that case, represent. We
do not ask this of you. We can offer you noth-
ing in return for it. He will stand upon the Dem-
ocratic platform, supported on its two-fold base.
You desire to retain your honor; it is your con-
cern to judge whether this can be your mode of
doing it. But take the opposite course; allow an
organization through a plurality vote, or other-
wise, in such a manner, that the choice will ulti-
mately fall upon the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and you will do indirectly that which you
disclaim the purpose to do directly. You will
make an Abolition organization of this House.
This is undoubtedly the practical question pre-
sented.
Now, sir, those gentlemen stand, as I fully
believe, with perfect honor and sincerity, upon
the platform of not directly or indirectly pro-
moting an organization which shall subvert the
constitutional rights of the slaveholder. If that
be so, there cannot be an organization while they
maintain their present attitude. Well, then, has
time been lost in ascertaining this ? I say no.
The questions wo arc testing in these ballots are
precisely those questions which, sooner or later,
arc to be tested by votes on this floor. The
great, the interesting truth which the balloting
for these fifteen days has established is, that a
majority of this House are not in favor of a repeal
of the Nebraska bill; not in favor of a repeal of
the clause of that bill which repealed the so-called
Missouri compromise; and perhaps not in favor
of agitating, m any form, the slavery question
with a view to the sacrifice of the rights of prop-
erty of the southern States, within or without
their limits. Has this been loss of time ? No;
it has healed the wounded feelings of this nation,
and has restored confidence in the stability of
the Constitution. s
I freely concede that, if the people of the United
States were fairly represented on this flooi^ there
would be great force in the argument that for the
purpose of organization we must sacrifice these
important considerations, and some other im-
portant considerations of the pending canvass, to
which I will not refer. But the Democrats on
this floor believe conscientiously that the people
of the United States are not represented here.
They believe that through artifice and deception
the anti-Democratic ticket succeeded, as it would
not have succccded if the Democrats had been
opposed by any fair and open organization. I,
sir, standing here as one of the Representatives
of the principles of the Democratic platform, was
elected last year by a bare majority, which,
judging from what has since occurred, would
have been increased more than a hundred fold if
the election had been held last fall. The Senate
and the House of Representatives of the State
of Pennsylvania, together, are composed of one
hundred and thirty-three members. Last year,
of the members of both Houses assembled in
convention to# choose a Senator of tho United
States, thirty only were Democrats. All the
others were anti-Democratic. A practical ques-
tion of great utility was there taught—a question
like that which we are now investigating here.
At that time, with a majority of more than three
to one, those opposed to this small minority so
differed among themselves that they failed to
elect a Senator of the United States.
Now, an election has intervened, and an over-
whelming majority of both branches of that Le-
gislature is Democratic. Last year, the minority
there stood as the minority here stands, firmly
together. The consequence was, an exposition of
the incompetency of the anti-Democratic party
to unite the factions composing it in order to rule
the State of Pennsylvania. Their incapacity to
govern a part of America was thus practically
exemplified and tested. The result has been that
the present Legislature of Pennsylvania is Dem-
ocratic. The members of the present Congress
from Pennsylvania were clected when the anti-
Democratic Legislature of last year was elected.
If the vote had been taken in the present year,
the result would have been reversed. The same
thing has occurred in other States.
We now know how the result of last year's elec-
tion was brought about. As early as the year 1851,
Henry Clay had put in writing his prediction
that the Democratic candidate for the Presidency
in 1852 would be elected. One of the last words
of Daniel Webster, uttered in October, 1852,
was, that if he should live, and be able to attend
the then approaching election, he would cast
his vote for the Democratic candidate, of whose
election he said that he entertained no doubt.
Thus both the distinguished leaders of the former
Whig party recognized its extinction, and proph-
esied the success of the Democratic ticket. This
had, for eighteen months before the election of
1852, been a subjcct of repeated and continued
prophecy. The consequence of that prophecy
was, that everywhere the Democratic party was *
numerously reinforced by unsolicited accessions
of unfaithful allies. Corrupt, designing, calcu-
lating politicians, forced themselves into their
organization,and swelled their apparent numbers.
The Democratic party throughout the land had
been honest, and were unsuspicious. They had
i been in the habit of confiding in the purity of
' their local organizations. After the presidential
election they did not suspect that wherever disap-
pointments had ensued upon the distribution of
offices, their ranks were filled with discontented
traitors. When those traitors united themselves
with Abolitionists, they did it secretly. So they
secretly united themselves with the party which
had for years been organized for the proscription
and disfranchisement of our naturalized fellow-
