50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-34th Cong.... 1 st Sess. Organization of the House-Mr. Bennett, of Missinipp^
[December 22,
Ho. of Heps.
everywhere the power of Congress to abolish
slavery in the Territories; in favor of the restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise, and opposed
to any State hereafter being admitted into this
Union with a pro-slavery constitution. And
what is the position of the American party upon
this most momentous question? They declare,
in their Philadelphia platform, a tender and sa-
cred regard to those acts of statesmanship which
are to be contradistinguished from the ordinary
acts of the legislation of the country, because
they are in the nature of compacts and agreements,
and are so to be received as the settled policy of
the country. Here is a direct recognition of the
Missouri compromise of 1820, as being a com-
pact and agreement between the North and the
South, that ought to be looked to as the fixed
and settled policy of the country; and standing
upon that platform, they occupy a position in
antagonism to the Kansas-Nebraska bill. But
they do not stop here; they say the American
party, having risen upon the ruins of the old po-
litical parties, are not responsible for the obnox-
ious acts And violated pledges of either. What
obnoxious acts and violated- pledges do they
mean but the action of the Congress of the United
States upon the Kansas and Nebraska bill ? The
Republican party in their conventions, both State
ana National, say "that the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise is a violation of the plighted
faith which the South was under to the North,
which no plea cam justify, and no lapse of time
can palliate."
South and I ask if, as they maintain, they do
not proscribe men for their birth-place or religion,
but believe in civil and religious liberty, is this
not the most appropriate occasion to say so ? Ana
as regards the question of slavery, do we not
present them with a platform under which it. can
never be claimed that, by any provision of the
Constitution, the right to hold slaves was either
created or abolished ? Our doctrine is, that the
Constitution recognized slavery as it existed at
the time; that it is under and by virtue of the
provisions of that instrument that slavery is now
practiced and shielded; and that the southern
man, if his slave runs away, and is found in a
free State, has as much right and authority to
reclaim him as the northern man has to the rec-
lamation of his stray or stolen horse. Slavery
exists in the States Gy sufferance of the Consti-
tution, not merely by local law; the people, when
they meet in convention, may, in forming their
organic laws, either admit or prohibit it.
If, then, on the acquisition of new territory by
the Union, slavery is found to exist, or is after-
wards taken there, the moment the Constitution
is extended over the Territory the slave-owner is
entitled to protection in the proprietorship of his
slave, and is entitled to that protection until the
people, in obedience to the Constitution, meet in
convention preparatory to admission as a State
into the Union, and in that convention prohibit 1
slavery. Congress, under the Constitution, has j
no power to legislate upon the subject excengtfor
the protection of existing rights. It can nSltner
Such is the language of the American party i create nor abolish slavery, nor can it confer that
-  ■ " •' - power on the territorial Legislatures, since it can-
not delegate authority which it does not possess.
Congress holds and exercises rights over the Ter-
ritories as the guardian of all the States, each
having the same common interest. Any action,
therefore, by any of the States having a direct
tendency to populate a Territory for the express
purpose of forming the political complexion of
the people of the Territory, in order to strengthen
the Abolition States, if not a violation of the spirit
of the Constitution, is a fraud on the other
States.
I understand that gentlemen are opposed to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, because bv that act
aliens are entitled to exercise the right of suf-
frage. I desire to know from the gentleman from
North. Yet this American party South says,
that that act—the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise—was an obnoxious act and a "violated
pledge. In this they do intend, as I maintain,
directly to condemn the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. 1 ask the gentlemen standing on
the Bhiladelphia platform,if the gentleman from
Ohio should introduce in this House a propo-
sition to restore the Missouri compromise, if
they would not be estopped, according to their
o wn admission, from using any influence in oppos-
ing its restoration ? The northern members are
elected by their constituents pledged to repeal the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and to restore the Missouri
restriction. The one, the. Missouri compromise,
you admit to be in the nature of compacts and
agreements, and therefore to be received as the I. Kentucky and the gentleman from Alabama, who
fixed policy of the nation, and the other to be j have taken that position, whether they intend to
obnoxious acts and violated pledges. ji sajithat the Congress of the United States has
It is well known that the whole Republican I j the power to prescribe who shall be entitled to
and American party North claim that Congress r exercise the right of suffrage ? I maintain that
hap the power to legislate upon the subject of !
slavery in the Territories, and are pledged to legis- 1
late so as to prevent any State coming into the j
Union, save as a free State; and yet the Amcr- i
ican party, standing on the Philadelphia plat- ,
form, expressly pretermit any opinion, whether j
Congress has, or has not the power under the j
Constitution to do those very things; and in view ]
of the inconstant position which the American
party occupy, as I have shown, how can they at-
tempt to charge us with the blame of preventing
an organization of this House? I appeal to the
patriotism of th,e American party—I appeal to-
that feeling of Southern honor, and that sentiment
which impels you to the protection of your own
altars, and I ask, when you have placed around
yourselves a wall of fire, when you have hemmed
and hedged yourselves in by adopting creeds in
your platforms to which it is impossible you can
procure the assent of the Democratic party, in
view of that„awful crisis which the daily mani-
festations around us prove that you are hasten-
ing, if it would not be magnanimous to forego
your peculiar prejudices regarding the supposed
aggressive policy of the Roman Catholic church,
ana the supposed inimical mercantile and polit-
ical influence of foreigners, and come to the rescue
of our common rights aad common interests?
I make this appeal in view of the fact which
must be plain to every impartial observer of what
has transpired in this House during the last two
weeks, that the object in the origination of this
new party was not to further the cause of Aboli-
tionism, and divide and distract the South—and
let it be recollected that, up to the time of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, not one
American covincil bad been established in the
it is a power reserved to the States; that it is
a supreme and absolute power reserved to the
States. That question was debated between the
Federal and the Republican parties at the forma-
tion of the Constitution. A proposition was made
in the Convention to strike out all after the words,
" qualification of electors," that some other clause
might be inserted, by which the righWif suffrage
should be limited to freeholders alone. That
proposition was voted down. The reason ad-
vanced by the Federal party in support of the
motion was this: that if the Constitution stood
as it now stands, the National Legislature would
: be made subservient to the will of the State Le-
i gislatures.^ On the opposite side of the House
it was contended, that the State Legislatures were
the best judges of the temper and disposition of ! and which no provision in the Constitution abro
those upon whom they should confer the right ji gated or modified. "We would scorn, sir, as
be exerciscd in subordination to the rights which
are reserved to the States.
Then, with that construction of the phraseology
of the Constitution, and the debates in the forma-
tion of the Federal compact, I ask by wnat au-
thority it is said in this House that the States
have no power to confer the right of suffrage on
aliens? I would ask gentlemen of the Opposi-
tion, where foreigners are allowed the right of
suffrage within a few months after their arrival in
the country, whether they obtain that privilege
under the uniform naturalization laws ? Some
States have permitted, and do now permit, free
neorocs to exercise the right of suffrage, and
when Aid the Congress of the United States take
from the free negro his property qualification?
By what authority have the States conferred the
right of suffrage on those people, except by the
authority of the reserved rights which the States
enjoy under the Constitution, and in accordance
with the construction of the Constitution which
I have given ?
I have very briefly noticed some of the argu-
ments of the Opposition. I regret that it has been
made necessary for me in this House to notice
arguments of such a character—arguments better
suited to the hustings than to legislative bodies.
I now beg, Mr. Clerk, for a very short time, to
call the attention of the House to some remarks
that fell from the gentleman from Ohio the other
day, upon the subject of slavery and slave hold-
ers. And, sir, I must begin by saying that, in
reply to the argument addressed to this House by
those who deny the constitutional right of my
constituents to hold slave property, I have the
same answer to make that I would make to the
highwaymen in your streets who should attempt
by force to rifle from me my goods; and, sir, lias
it come to this, in the halls of the National Legis-
lature, among State Representatives, all bound
by the same compact, and protected by the same
stars and stripes, that language should go forth
to the country so treasonable to the institutions
of the South, as that uttered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddinos,] who said that he
would advise slaves to resist the lawful correction
of their owners—advise slaves to do that, con-
travening the express laws of the land, and in
gross violation of the precepts of Holy Writ,
which commands servants to obey their mdbters !
Slavery has existed from the earliest history
of man. It was brought into the colonies by
European and Yankee merchants. As early as
1720, African slaves were brought over to Amer~
ica, and, though many of the southern colonies
protested against the introduction of slavery,
j their remonstrances were disregarded. When
i slave labor ceased to be useful and valuable to
I the northern States, they sold to the citizens of
j the South, and for years slaves were bought and
■ sold, and the North reaped the profits. It is not
contended that slavery is established by positive
law; but at the time of the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution the African race was held in
bondage in this country; in some of the States
it is still so held; and, although we recognize no
difference in the political rights and privileges of
the various sections of this Union, we maintain
that all are alike entitled to protection in the en-
joyment of proprietary rights which were legally
theirs before the declaration of independence,
of suffrage.
Then, if the gentleman means to say that the
States cannot confer that power on an alien until
he has been naturalized by complying with the
uniform naturalization laws, which Congress has
power to pass, he would change the position of the
Constitution, and instead of the National Legis-
lature being made subservient to the will of the
State Legislatures, the State Legislatures would
be "made subservient to the will of the Congress
of the United States. I maintain that this is a
' limited Government, and that it can exercise no
| powers except those which have been expressly
j delegated by the States and the people, unless
some other assumed power be necessary to carry
into effect thfi expressly delegated power. And,
sir, whenever an assumed power has been invoked
■es necessary to carry into effect an express!y del-
egated power, that assumed power must always
southern people, to present ourselves as suppli-
J ants at the feet of Abolitionists, and claiming
I mercy at their hands; but, sir, we come as equals
j in this Union—equal in rights and privileges—
I and claiming nothing more, and determined to
! accept nothing less than that protection which
( the Constitution accords to us. I come in the
I name of my people, not with threats, but with
warnings. If you love the Union, by the high
obligation which that sentiment imposes on you,
we warn you to preserve it. You can if you
will), but if, in defiance of our warnings, and in
violation of both law and justice, you are still
resolved to encroach upon our rights, see that
you are not overwhelmed in its mighty ruins.
Sir, it was in 1851 that this aggressive spirit on
the part of the North caused the people in my
State to meet in convention; and in that conven-
tion the Union party of the State declared that
