1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
citizens. TheyTormed in like manner other un-
known alliances, professing all the time to con-
tinue in fellowship with the Democratic organi-
zation, It is now easy to recur to what was then
-unknown and unsuspected. The Democratic
organization was dissolved without any suspicion
on the part of its honest members. The sccret
conspirators had succeeded in uniting to them-
selves all who were discontented. The result in
the northern States was a temporary defeat of
the Democracy. The secret combination ex-
tended ilself to the southern States. There, for-
tunately, the elections took place long subse-
quently.
Through the socrecy which had covered their
machinations at the North,the conspirators were
enabled for a time successfully to deceive many
Democrats, and not a few well-meaning Whigs
of the South. *Our southern brethren were for
<x brief season led artfully into the belief that
Abolition had not been, as it has always been, a
principal test of northern Know Nothingism, how-
ever it has of late been disclaimed by a few.
The Democratic party stood their ground. They
knew, that when these anti-Democratic factions,
North and South, should attempt to form n plat-
form in order to resolve themselves into a party,
the delusion would vanish, the veil be stripped
from them, and the distinction between a party
and a casual aggregation of factions would be
manifest. And Was it not so ? When the dele-
gates of the so-called American party assembled
m Philadelphia in June last, what was the result
of their deliberations? It was this: The Know
Nothing or American party, so far as composed
of those who rcspcct the constitutional rights of
our southern brethren, dwindled into a handful
of persons—a small remnant now represented on
this floor by some forty out of two hundred and
thirty-four members. Yes; a little more than one
sixth of this representation of the whole people
represents the so-called Americans who are true
to the constitutional rights of the slaveliolding
States.
Now, sir, I am not going analytically into a
consideration^ the late triumphant successes of
our party in various States. I do not even intend
to say what we expect from Kentucky a year
hence, or to refer to those occurrences on which
this expectation mainly depends. I do not wish
to get away from the question pending before the
House. I say to this handful of gentlemen, to
the Spartan band of "Americans," as they call
themselves, who represent that portion of their
party which is true to the rights of the South,
that it rests with them to elect, or to prevent the
election of, a Speaker favorable to Abolition senti-
ments. I use this word Abolition as a general
term. I do not understand speciiic differences
between Abolitionism, Free-Soilism, non-inter-
ventionism, and non-agitationism. They can
prevent the election of a Speaker who will organ-
ize the committees after the standard of the senior
member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] They can
allow this result to take place, or can prevent it.
I am not sorry that they arc able to throw into the
teeth of the Democratic party, as they do, that
we have not conciliated and will not conciliate
them. We do not conciliate them, and we will
not involve ourselves in any compromise with
them. We do not ask their votes; but leave them
perfectly free to cast these votes as their own
sense of honor and patriotism may dictate.
I have not intended in these remarks to take a
controversial position; but have desired plainly
to state what I believe to be the views of the
Democratic minority at the present crisis. If
any one of my colleagues differs from mo, I desire,
so far as lie is concerned, to be corrected. I have
endeavored to show why it would at least be pre-
mature for the Democrats upon this floor to enter
into any question of a plurality vote, or other-
wise to complicatc matters, in the present posi-
tion of the House. Should a time arrive when a
different state of things will be presented, the
party will be ready to define appropriately their
position. At present we do not perccivc how
America can be ruled upon any principles other
than those of the Democratic platform.
Mr. McMULLIN. The House need not be
alarmed; 1 shall not bore members^ with a lengthy
spccch. I rise, however, for the purpose of com-
menting'on the remarks of two or three gentle-
men. before I do so, however, I beg leave to
say a word in reference to the proposition of the
gentleman from' Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] that
proposition being now before the House, i pre-
sume the gentleman cannot flatter himself that
the House is going to accept his proposition, par-
ticularly when it is in the face of one of the oldest
laws on your statute-book. I had supposed, sir,
that the gentleman would have withdrawn his
proposition. Unless, however, he does so, I shall
offer an amendment to it. I agree, however, with
that gentleman in the idea which he advanced,
that this is not the time for crimination and re-
crimination.
I was mortified, sir, yesterday to notice the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Whitney] fall-
ing into the error into which it is evident he did
all; and I rise for the purpose of vindicating the
truth of history, so far as the error committed by
that gentleman is concerned. I understood that
honorable gentleman yesterday to declare—and I
desired some gentlemen to correct him then—
that the Missouri compromise measure had been
forced upon the North by the South. In that
statement, sir, the gentleman was much mistaken;
and I desire now to say to that gentleman and to
this House, that if I had been a member of the
Congress which adoptedthatunjust, unnecessary,
unconstitutional measure, I would have been
worse than untrue to myself if I had not voted
against it, if possible, until the expiration of my
constitutional term of service. I repeat, sir, the
gentleman is mistaken when he says that that
proposition was forced on the North by the South.
It was not so; and it is in part for the purpose of
correcting that error—that important error, into
which the gentleman fell, that I have risen. I
have no desire, sir, that his remark should go to
the country unnoted and uncorrected.
But, sir, I desire also to indorse the sentiment
uttered by the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. GIDDINGS, (m his seat.) Do not for-
get me.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir, I will not; and
yet I regard it almost a condescension on my part
to notice anything said by that member, [Mr. Gid-
dtngs.] I do not know but that my constituents
may hold me personally responsible for noticing
anything which came from that member's quarter.
I had hoped, Mr. Clerk, that, surrounded as we
old members are by a very large delegation of
new members who arc here for the first time, the
seniors of this House would have conductcd them-
selves as becomes American statesmen, and not
in such a manner as the member from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] conducted himself the other day. Sir,
T regard the speech of that member as so violent
an attack on the constitutional rights of the South,
and of the country generally, that it ought not to
pass unnoticed and uncondemned. I am admon-
ished, sir, not to notice him. I know that I did
declare during last Congress that 1 never would—
and I thought I never would—notice anything
that fell from (hat member. I have not forgotten
his conduct towards his colleague, Dr. Olds. But
when that member [Mr. Giddikgs] gets up in
his place, and acts such a part, and makes such a
speech as he did the other day, such conduct can-
not be allowed to pass without condemnation.
He declared to this House and to the country,
that the Government would go into the hands of
the North, that the Abolition party would electa
President, and then, thai the Union should not
be, and ought not to be, dissolved.
I have heard that member talk of the slave- ]
holder of the South holding the lash over his ;
slave; and yet that member has attempted in .
his own peculiar way to hold the lash over the .
South. Sir, let me tell thatmember and this Mouse i
and the country, that should this country ever '
arrive at that unfortunate state of affairs that the !
Government should pass into the hands of the j
North—of such a northern man as that fanatical !
character over the way [laughter,] and that that ;
Government should restore the Missouri compro- j
mise or repeal the fugitive slave law, then in such :
a case I would have to indorse the declaration of j
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Campbell;] that is to say, that this Union must i
and will be dissolved, [cries of " Oh, no !"] the j
declaration of the gray-headed man over the way i
[Mr. Giddings] notwithstanding. Ay, sir, and I ;
take occasion here to give this information to the j
House and the country. I do not belong to the i
ultra wing of the Democratic party of the South—
i hope I shall be pardoned for drawing the dis-
tinction just here. One of the greatest misfor-
tunes of the country, Mr. Clerk, is the-fact that
our northern brethren mistake the character-of
the South. They suppose that the southern
disunionists are confined to the Calhoun wing:of
the Democatic party. That, sir, is the greatest
error that the people of the North have ever
fallen into. And I tell you, sir, and I want the
country to know it—I want the gentlemen from
the free States, our Republicans, our Seward
Republicans, our Abolitionists, or whatever else
they may be called, to know it—that if you restore
the Missouri compromise, or repeal the fugi-
tive slave law, this Union will be dissolved.
[Laughter, and cries of " Oh, no!"] Gentlemen-,
laughing is no part of our duty. If laughing
were arguments, the subject would be well ar-
gued here to-day; but this is no laughing sub-
ject.
Mr. Clerk, I desire to state this proposition.
I desire to state it more particularly in the hearing
of the whole southern delegation—Whig, Demo-
crat, and Southern American or Know Nothing.
And I hope that if any gentleman deems I do not
properly represent the state of public feeling in
the South, he will correct me. I want to let the
country know the state of feeling in the South.
And I make this declaration: that the people of
the South are as one man on this slavery ques-
tion. In the district which I have the honor to
represent, at all events, we are for the Union and
the constitutional rights of the South.
If the Government goes into the hands of the
North, into the hands of the Republican party,
of the Abolition party—for I like to call things
by their true names—I say if the Government of
the country goes into the hands of the Abolition-
ists of the North, and they cither repeal the
fugitive slave law or restore the Missouri com-
promise, I tell the House, and I tell the country,
that there will then be union at the South upon
this question. I fully indorse the opinion of
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Campbell] upon this subject. And let me ask
gentlemen from the North, if this Union is dis-
solved, who holds your national Capitol ? Sir,
it will not,be like the difficulties growing out of
the separation of the Methodist church. Gentle-
men know the history of that separation. When
the dissolution of that Christian church took
place, their property was mostly located at the
North, and the northern portion of the church,
Shylock-lilce, took possession of it, and said to
their southern brethren, " We have got posses-
sion of your property, and we will hold on to it
to the last." The southern branch of the church
would not yield up their right, and they went to
work and recovered their property by law. But,
let me say to gentlemen from the North, you can-
not get possession of this national Capitol.
The Capitol now belongs to no section. It
belongs alike to North, South, East, and West.
But, sir, it was erected upon slave territory, and
if the hand of disunion shall ever sever the States
of tins Republic, you shall never take possession
of it while I occupy my seat as a Representative
upon this floor. And more, I tell them that when
the North and the South sever the connection
which now binds them together, the North will
never take possession of this Capitol unless they
pass over my dead body. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, I desire to bring back the
attention of the House and country to the fact
that the Abolitionists of the North in this House,
numbering, as the record shows, in the aggre-
gate, one hundred and seven voles, have thus far
been unable to elect their candidate for Speaker,
Mr. Banks; and taking this vote as the basis of
their strength, I take it for granted that there is
a majority of the House opposed to the election
of i\Ir. Banks. The question then presents itself,
is there any way by which the majority ef the
House can be brought together to defeat the elec-
tion of Mr. Banks ?
Sir, we were told the other day, by the gray-
headed man from Ohio over there, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] that if the North secure the organization,
the committees of the House are to be organized,
in a particular way—are to be organized in oppo-
sition to the South. The majority of the com-
mittees are to be composed of men hostile to the
institutions of the South. Now, I say there is
