1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
51
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Causes which prevent the Organization of the House—Mr. Carlile.
Ho. op Reps.
there were aggressions by the North that would
amount to intolerable oppression, and would event-
ually sever the ties that bind us together, and dis-
solve the Union; and that, contemplating the pos-
sible repeal of the fugitive slave bill, a modification
of the-same, or refusal to execute its provisions,
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or the refusal to admit a new State into the
Union because of its having a pro-slavery consti-
tution—in the efforts to meet these evils the union
of the States must be considered the secondary
political good. Upon this platform, which I
thought, in 1851, yielded up everything that could
be fairly (Jemanded, 1 hope now to be permitted
to stand; and I warn the Republican party in this
House, that they come here elected to do now the
very things which the Union party, in 1851, said
could not be done except at the price of the sever-
ance of the Union. The southern people, on the
contrary, are a law-abiding people; they love, as
patriots should, this Union; they come not to
dissolve, but to more firmly unite—not to weaken,
but to strengthen.
Since I have had the honor to take my seat
upon this floor, sir, I have attempted to scan very
calmly the various discordant elements that stand
in the way of the organization of the House, and,
in view of all I see around me, I am almost ready
to exclaim, Surely we have fallen upon evii
times. This same spirit of Abolitiopism, which
but a few years ago merely claimed the right of
petition, without even holding the balance of
power, by fusion with one of the old political
parties, has now, with here and there an excep-
tion, taken absolute possession of the free State
Legislatures, controlling not only the executive
and legislative, but the judicial departments of
nearly all the free States; and has filled the rep-
resentative branch of Congress with a majority
openly proclaiming that slavery must be annihil-
ated and abolished everywhere. When I see this
smothered spirit in the House, with a determined
will to make war upon the South, I am almost
ready to exclaim, in the language of Ferdinand, j
"All hell is empty; the devils are all here." J
In view of the whole subject of this spirit of
Abolition aggression upon the rights of the South,
and the bold and unblushing assumptions now
claimed in the Halls of this House, surely every
patriot and lover of this Union may feel a deep
solicitude for the pending issue3.
I warn you agiin, in the name of our common
country, and the compact that binds us together,
to stay the hand of your threatening. For one,
I am prepared to say, the South will never sub-
mit to the consummation of those acts which in
your election you are bound to carry out. You
have schooled our feelings to look upon your
threatenings with disregard and contempt; we
pray God your aggressions may never force upon
us that conflict; but, sir, if that conflict must j
come, I for one say, let it commence in this Hall;
and I hope, sir, that, if it be necessary to main- :
tain our constitutional rights, it may commence
on this floor, and that the first drop of human |
gore shed in defense of violated rights and in- i
suited honor may crimson the walls of this Cap- i
itol, and be consecrated to the maintenance of >
equal rights and equal justice. The-Democracy
have planted themselves upon the principles of
civil and religious liberty , and upon them they
stand united and harmonious. 1
cau8e8 which prevent the organization
of the house.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. CARLILE,
of virginia,
Is the House op Representatives,
January 17, 1856,
On the Causes which prevent an Organization of
the House of Representatives.
After the reading of the Journal,
Mr. CARLLLE arose and said:
Mr. Clerk: I propose, with the unanimous
consent of the House, to occupy the time usu-
ally consumed in a call of the House. [Cries of
"Agreed!" "Goon!"] More than six weeks
have passed by since we first met in this Hall, and
yet the House of Representatives remains with-
out an organisation. Our constituents are not
indifferent spectators, but view with anxiety and
alarm this extraordinary state of things. It has
seemed to me that it would not be unprofitable to
I the House or the country to.revert to the history
of the last few years, for the purpose of inquiring
into the causes which have produced this so-
much-to-be-regretted condition in which we find
ourselves placed. If we can come to a correct
understanding of the causes, possibly we may be
enabled to relieve the country from the embarrass-
i ment under which it is laboring in consequence
of the obstruction to the ordinary workings of
the Government, caused by the paralysis which
now rests upon the legislative department.
For the first time, I believe, in the history of
.our country, is found a sectional party in this
House, willing to elect a Speaker to preside over
its deliberations by sectional votes alone. There
is not a gentleman voting for Mr. Banks, the can-
didate of this sectional organization, who will rise
in his place and say that ne has the slightest hope
of obtaining a single vote for the gentleman from
Massachusetts from all that portion of the Con-
federacy lying south of Mason and Dixon's line.
Surely, such an organization, thus depending upon
its own section for the furtherance of its own
peculiar views, cannot claim to be national; and
its success will, I fear, produce a state of feeling
that will shake this glorious Union to its very
foundation. Sir, I here take occasion to say, that
if it were in my power to place in that chair, as
the presiding officer of this body, a man elected
by southern votes, and southern votes alone, I
should hesitate long before I would do it. It may
be that it is the duty of the section of the Confed-
eracy from which I come to present the same
united front in behalf of its interests as is pre-
sented by the North in behalf of what is to them
an abstraction, which fanaticism and demagog-
ism has enabled, for the time, to rule the hour.
With this view, my honorable friend from Ala-
, bama, [Mr. Walker,] for the purpose of effecting,
| if possible, a speedy organization of the House
j' upon sound conservative principles, proposed,
some weeks ago, to the friends of the Adminis-
tration, to unite in a conference with us to ascer-
tain if that desirable object could be attained. I
regret that candor and a due regard for truth com-
pels me to say, that that proposition, made in the
spirit in which it was, was repelled by those to |
whom it was made, notwithstanding they were
aware of the fact that, in such a conference, they
would have a majority of two to one, and the
power to have dictated and adopted whatever they
may have desired. The people of this country
may well draw from this refusal the inference
that tHte members of this House belonging to the
Administration party recollected they had a party i
to obey, but failed to remember that they had a
country to serve.
Mr. Clerk, to what is this agitation, so fraught
with all that is evil, justly attributable ? It is to
be attributed to the conduct of the Administration
and its friends, at the last Congress, in forcing
a reopening of this question of slavery, which
both parties were pledged by their national nom-
inating conventions of 1852 to keep out of Con-
gress and repress in the country. The two great
political parties that thep divided the country
were pledged by their national conventions to
abide by the compromise measures of 1850, as a
final settlement of this agitating subject, and upon
that pledge this Administration came into power.
I aided it—feebly I admit, but to the extent, of
my ability—in obtaining its present position; but
scarcely was it installed, ana in possession of the
power given it by a confiding people, before it
violated that pledge thus solemnly given. I will
not pretend to say what was the governing motive,
but there are those who are uncharitable enough
to declare that it was the effort of a waning Admin-
istration to continue itself in power.
That the compromise measures were to be
looked upon as a final settlement of the disturb-
ing questions that had well-nigh destroyed this
Union, and occasioned their enactment, is evi- i
denced not only by the platforms of the national I
conventions heretofore alluded to, but by the dis-
cussions in this House while those measures were
pending before it, and by the report made to the
Senate by the distinguished chairman [Judge
Douglas] of the Committee on Territories in
that body, when he reported the bill for the or-
ganization of the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas. With the permission of the House, I
will read a passage from the speech of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] deliv-
ered in this House, on the 3d of April, 1850.
While those measures were under consideration,
he said:
*" I am sensible that I must be content to follow as an hum-
ble gleaner in fields which have been reaped by abler hands.
Impressed with this conviction, I still hope to aid, in some
degree, in satisfactorily adjusting al) the questions that dis-
turb the tranquillity and threaten the destruction of the Gov-
ernment. It should be the desire of all to see the kind and
friendly relations and feelings of former times restored, and
peace, quiet, and happiness again blessing every member of
our Confederacy. At this time, we could not, by our united
action here, destroy this Government or dissolve this Union.
The sun of our political existence will never sink from me-
ridian splendor—its setting will be followed by a lingering
twilight. If all who occupy seats in this chamber were to
agree to dissolve this Union, they could not now do it. But,
sir, while this is true, if this excitement shall continue—if
this agitation shall be kept up until sectional parties can be
formed and united, until the South can be arrayed against
the North, and the North against the South—until the kindly
feeling of one section can be changed to hate against the
other section, we may despair of the perpetuity of our Gov-
ernment, and prepare our minds for its certain overthrow.
Our wise and patriotic fathers have warned us against the
danger of parties thus organized. If we heed their voices,
or the warnings of history, we will remove every induce-
ment, every cause for such organization."
£ also beg the attention of the House to the
following extract from the report of Judge Dodo-
las, made to the Senate at the same time he
reported the bill for organizing the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas:
" Such being the character of the controversy in respect
to the territory acquired from Mexico, a similar question has
arisen in regard to the right to hold slaves in the proposed
Territory of Nebraska, when the Indian laws shall be with-
drawn and the country thrown open to emigration and set-
1 tlement. By the eighth section of an act to authorize the
, people of the Missouri Territory to form a constitution and
' State government, and for the admision of such State into the
1 Union on an equal footing with the original States, and to
; prohibit slavery in certain Territories, approved March 6th,
, 1820, it was provided,' Thaf? in all that territoiy ceded by
I France to the United States under the name of Louisiana,
which lies north of 36° and 30' north latitude, not included
within the limits of the State contemplated by this act, sla-
very and involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the pun-
ishment of crimes whereof the parties shall have been duly
t convicted, shall be, and is hereby, forever prohibited: Pro-
vided always, That any person escaping into the same from
whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any State or
Territory of the United States, such fugitives may be law-
fully reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or
her labor or service as aforesaid.'
" Under this section, as in the case of the Mexican law
in New Mexico and Utah, it is a disputed point whether
slavery is prohibited in the Nebraska country by valid en-
actment. The decision of this question involves the con*-
stitutional power of Congress to pass laws prescribing and
; regulating the domestic institutions of the various Terri-
tories of the Union. In the opinion of those eminent states-
men who hold that Congress is invested with no rightful
authority to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
Territories, the eighth section of the act preparatory to the
admission of Missouri is null and void, while the prevailing
sentiment in large portions of the Union sustains the doc£
trine that the Constitution of the United States secures to
every citizen an inalienable right to move into5 any of the
Territories with his property, of whatever kind and descrip-
tion, and to hold and enjoy the same under sanction of
; law. Your committee do not feel themselves called upon
to enter into the discussion of these controverted questions.
They involve the same grave issues which produced the
agitation, the sectional strife, and the fearftil struggle of
1850. As Congress deemed it wise and prudent to refrain
from deciding the matters in controversy then, either by
affirming or repealing the Mexican laws, or by an act de-
claratory of the true intent of the Constitution and the
extent of protection afforded by it to slave property in the
Territories, so your committee are not prepared now to
recommend a departure from the course pursued on that
memorable occasion, either by affirming or repealing the
eighth section of the Missouri act, or by any-act declaratory
ot the meaning of the Constitution in respect to the legal
points m dispute. Your committee deem it fortunate for
the peace of the country and the security of the Union that
the controversy then resulted in the adoption of the compro-
mise measures which, the two great political parties, with
singular unanimity, have affirmed as a cardinal article of their
taith, ana proclaimed to the world as a final settlement o f
the controversy and an end of the agitation. Jl due respect,
there/ore, for the avowed opinions of Senators, as well as a
proper sense of patriotic duty, enjoins upon your committee
the propriety and necessity of a strict adherence to the prin-
ciples and even a literal adoption of the enactments, of that
adjustment in all their territorial bills, so far as the same are
not locally inapplicable
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. EDIE. When the gentleman rose, he
proposed to occupy the time consumed by a call
of the House; there was no objection, and I pre-
sume that he is now to be allowed to continue
