1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
63
34th Cong....1st Sess. Causes which prevent the Organization of the House—Mr. Carlile.
Ho. of Reps.
that when that question is presented for the Action
of this House, I apprehend that the gentleman
from Louisiana ana myself will be found side by
side, acting together.
But there is another principle of this Nebraska
bill,—as expounded by the Administration,—and
that is, that a South Carolina slaveholder shall
be selected for Governor of the Territory of Ne-
braska—aTerritory in which no one ever dreamed
that slavery could exist; while on the other hand
a Pennsylvania Pree-Soiler is placed as Governor
over the Territory of Kansas—the only Territory
where we had any hope that slavery would be
likely to go. That is another principle of the
Nebraska-Kansas bill.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I desire to say to my
colleague, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who was appointed Governor of Kansas, avowed
himself in favor of slavery, and that he was going
to take a slave with him.
Mr. CARLILE. "Well, if the President was
deceived by any false impression made upon his
mind by his friends, and appointed Mr. Iteeder,
I will take back all I have said upon that, swbject,
and say thafit is hot one of the principles of the
Nebraska bill. But I apprehend, when the Presi-
dent had it in his power, by the removal from
office of his first appointee, to place ajnan there
who would, at least, maintain the constitutional
rights in that Territory of all the members of the
Confederacy, he ought to have exercised it. But
how did he exercise it ? By selecting for the
office of Governor another gentleman not from a
slave State—ex-Governor Shannon, of Ohio—
who, as Mr. Stringfellow says in a late paper,
" has betrayed them, too!"
Mr. Clerk, it will not do for the Democratic
party, or for any other party which expects per-
manent success, to turn its back upon principles
clear and well defined, and plant itself upon meas-
ures which are construed one way by one gentle-
man, and in a different way by other gentlemen.
I was gratified the other day, in a debate which
took place upon this floor, to find that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania on my left [Mr. Jokes]
maintained the ,tr,ue constitutional doctrine upon
the subject of slavery; while, at the same time, I
regretted to hear the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. ClujgmanJ and another gentleman
from the South, [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,] say
that the Nebraska bill asserted the doctrine of
popular sovereignty in the Territories.
Whenever, Mr. Clerk, the people of the South,
or auy portion of this Union, begin to compro-
mise away their rights, they will soon have no .
rights left to compromise about. Now 1 desire i
to say, in answer to a question propounded to
me by my colleague, [Mr. Faulkner,] and other
.gentlemen, had I been a member of the last Con- j
gress I should have done precisely what I wrote :
to the worthy gentleman who then represented
my district I should do, and that was this—that
were I a member of Congress, acting as I have
always done, according to the dictates of my own '
judgment, I sliou'd vote against the bill for two ;
reasons, if not for more. The first reason, that j
it would reopen the fearful agitation of the sub- j
ject of slavery, without bringing to the South :
any practical good, and would violate the plighted j
faith of the two great parties, pledged by them !
in their national conventions; and secondly, that
it asserts the doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
which Virginia has ever opposed.
JBut, sir, I am free to admit, like the honorable i
and distinguished—and, I will add, .patriotic— j
gentleman from Pennsylvania, for whom I have !
so long voted, I would, under no circumstances, ]
vote for the repeal of the Kansas-Nebraska bill ,
or the restoration of the Missouri compromise, I
because one of the reasons which I urged against
it was the agitation to which it would giveWth;
and were I now to vote for its repeal, I should be
guilty of aiding to produce this very agitation j
again.- Why were not the Territories of Kansas |
and Nebraska, organized as were the Territories j
of Utah and New Mexico? By the bills organ-
izing these latter Territories, the Missouri com-
promise was practically repealed. But it had
become necessary, I take it, for the purposes of j
agitation, and for no other purpose of a practical .
nature that I can see, to introduce a clause, in ,so ■
many words, to-repeala law which the South had j
always maintained to be unconstitutional and
void, and which had been practically repealed by
former congressional legislation.
Mr. PECK. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. PECK. When the bills were originally
reported for the organization of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, were they not literally
copied fram the bills organizing the Territories of
Utah and New Mexico, to which the gentleman
has referred ? And I ask him whether, immedi-
ately after their introduction, the agitation was
not recommenced on the basis, that these bills did
repeal the Missouri compromise ? And whether
the leader of the present Republican party in the
Senate did not cause an appeal to be made in the
North, through the press apd'the"pulpit, that the
North should rise up, as one man, and disavow
that act ?
Mr. CARLILE. I had not the good fortune to
be a member of either branch of Congress pend-
ing these bills, and it has been my fortune to have
something else to do besides watching exactly the
motions of a. body like the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. PECK. I ask you the question as a mat-
ter of history.
Mr. CARLILE. As a matter of history I will
answer it in tliis way: There was not, at that
, time, a sufficient number of members in Congress
; representing the Abolitionists and agitators of
j the North to lock and paralyze one branch ofCon-
gress; and there was, I think, a sufficient number
| of national men in both branches of Congress to
, have passed these bills as the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Peck] says they were originally
, reported; but, sir, it is to be regretted—and it
but verifies the remark that I first made—that my j
; old Democratic friends are treading on very dan- j
: gerous ground when they place themselves under j
I the leadership of the Whigs whom thev fought
j so long. I recollect the history of the Senate's ;
j proceedings on those bills to be, that the bills were j
; not originally reported containing a provision to ;
repeal the Missouri compromise; but that a Whig
Senator offered an amendment to that effect, and
the Democrats followed in his wake. 1
| Mr. PECK. I referred the gentleman to the
point, in order to show, from the history of the
| question, that the reagitation of the subject of sla-
very at the North, which he alludes to as being
the inevitable consequence and direct result of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise in the Kansas
aiyi Nebraska bills, did not result from the intro-
duction of that clause in the bills, but originated
before that; and that the appeals had gone forth, '
prior to that, from the Senate, under which the
three thousand Protestant clergymen at the North
sent their protest from their pulpits. That was
the origin and state of the reagitation.
Mr. CARLILE. I feel authorized and justified
in giving it as my opinion—and I doubt very j
much if there is a member of Congress here who
was a member of the last Congress during its ;
first session, but will express it as his opinion— 1!
that bills for the organization of Kansas and Ne- I
braska, similar "to those for the organization of
Utah and New Mexico, could have been passed
without stimulating this agitation, which 1 know ',
has existed to a" certain degree, but to a very small ;1
extent compared with the present time. I am
warranted in expressing that opinion, from the
fact that a bill organizing the Territories, but not
embracing this clause for the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise,.passed this House by more
than a two-third vote, and was only lost in the
Senate for want of time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I judge, Mr.
Clerk, from what the gentleman from Virginia
says, that if he had been here in the last Congress,
or in the Congress .in which the compromise
measures of 1850 were adopted, he would have
voted against them all.
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir, I do not think that
I have so expressed myself. At the time that the
compromise measures of 1850 were pending I
was honored with a seat in the Legislature of my
own State; apd my position, I think, v^as clearly
known to my constituents while I was there. I
regarded the passage of some of those bills with [
great disfavor; and had j[ been in Congress in
1850 I should not have been inclined to vote for
them all.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Against all of them?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir, not against all of
them.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether these Utah and New Mexico bills
which the gentleman had no objection to, did not
contain the very same principle of squatter sov-
ereignty as the Kansas and Nebraska oills did?
Mr. COBB. And the principle of alien suf-
frage?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes; did they not contain both
these grinciples ?
Mr. CARLILE. I propose, with the permis-
sion pf the House, this morning to conclude the
remarks I commenced on yesterday. When I was
interrupted, I was about to reply to my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Harris] who sits before
me. I was about to reply to the question which
had been propounded to me, and which was this:
Had I been a member of Congress in 1850 would
I have voted for the bills establishing the Terri-
tories of Utah and New Mexico ? I am not pre-
pared to say, sir, how I would have voted, but I
desire to correct an erroneous impression which
prevails in the country, that the same principle
of alien suffrage is to be found in the bills estab-
lishing the Territories of New Mexico and Utah
which is contained in the bill organizing Kansas
and Nebraska. I will here read the sixth section
of the act establishing the Territory of New
Mexico: the same provision is in the Utah
: bill:
I " Section 6. Jlrul be it further enacted, That every free
1 white male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-one years,
who shall have been a resident of said Territory at the time of
I the passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote at the first
election, and shall be eligible to any office within the said
; Territory; but the qualification of voters and of holding of-
fice at all subsequent elections shall be such as shall be
! prescribed by the Legislative Assembly, provided that tha
j right of suffrage and of holding office shall be exercised only
, by citixens of the United States, including those recognized
as citizens by the treaty with the Republic of Mexico, con-
, eluded February second, eighteen hundred and forty-eight."
j Thus confining the exercise of the right of suf-
frage and the right to hold office to citizens of
the United States who are inhabitants of the
i Territory.
: There is also this further difference: while the
bills establishing New Mexico and Utah require
that " all the laws passed by the Legislative As-
sembly and Governor shall be submitted to the
Congress of the United States, and if disapproved
shall be null and of no effect," no such provision
is contained in the bills establishing Kansas and
| Nebraska.
j I would now appeal to the members of this
body; I appeal to the friends of the Administra-
tion, if they cannot, for a time sufficient to organ-
ize this House upon a conservative national basis,
ignore aasd forget their party fealty, and what-
ever advantage they expect to attain by continu-
ing longer to refuse all association with those
who, like themselves, are prepared to organize
upon a national basis?
_ - Sir, isnot the preservation of this Union—is not
its peace, its quiet, and its integrity, far above all
party considerations ? Are not the constitutional
rights of the South, held by the friends of the
Administration, paramount to any party advan-
tage which they may suppose they will gain by a
continuance of this struggle? If they are, why
cannot they unite with us in an effort to place in
the chair the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Puller,] with whose position upon
this sqbject no southern man can find fault? Ah,
but I arrt told he is an American. Sir, is thafso
objectionable ? Do you make the preservation of
the Union subordinate to your hostility to Amer-
icanism? But he has taken the oath, probably,
to which the distinguished gentleman from Geor-
gia who sits before me [Mr. Cobb] alluded to,
when he addressed the House as making a gulf
deep, wide, and impassable.
If I am correctly informed, it lies not in the
mouth of this Administration to object to oaths.
I hold in my hand a letter, upon the envelope of
which is "Department of the Interior, official
business, Charles S. Frailey, Acting Chief Clerk,''
addressed to Mf. Robert T. Foster, East Thir-
teenth street, Washington, and which reads as
follows:
