1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
would be content to leave the patentee his remedy
as prescribed by law. He is entitled to a renewal
if he can obtain it after a trial by the Commis-
sioner of Patents; and if, through any fault of
his, he fails to obtain such a renewal, he ought
not to come here for the purpose of being legisla-
ted into a renewal of the patent.
McCormick's case was quite as strong as this.
I suppose no one will dispute that he was as mer-
itorious an inventor as Hussey. He, too, claimed,
in regard to the original machine, the patent of
winch it was proposed to renew, that he had not
made anything by it; and 1 think he was sus-
tained by the Committee on Patents. Whatever
he had made was on other improvements, and
upon other patents, for which he did not ask a
renewal here. In that respect, then, they stood
upon precisely the same ground.
The amendment of the Senator from Maryland
proposes that Hussey may be allowed a new
trial for the purpose of obtaining a renewal of
the patent, because he says he was ignorant of
the law, and did not avail himself of the rights
he had under the law, or language to that eiiect.
McCormick asked, and was sustained in that
view by the Committee on Patents, that he should
be allowed to go beioie the Commissioner again,
because his application had been ruled out upon
mere technical giouuds, and not upon its merits.
Now, 1 cannot see why you should grant per-
mission to one, and refuse it to the other; but I
can see a very good reason why the {Senate should
interfere against the renewal of any patent. The
law affords all the remedy which it is proper to
grant to the patentee, and if he fails to avail him-
self of it. oi if he fails before that tribunal, then
it seems to me there could hardly be a ense m
winch the Senate ought to interfere. I cannot
conceive a worse tribunal than this to try ques-
tions of renewals of patents. The proper tri-
bunal is that which is provided by law, and if
the patentee fads to obtain relief there, I do not
think we ought to undertake to sit upon the
question.
if this be granted, I think justice to McCormick
would require that he also should have the same
opportunity to go before the Commissioner to try
his application, and I think that in this amend-
ment McCormick's name ought to be introduced,
so that both shall have the same remedy if it be
given to either, for one is as much entitled to it
as the other. For myself, 1 am not prepared for
any renewal of patents by this body either di-
rectly or indirectly. 3f parties fail to secure the
remedy which the law allows by the proper tri-
bunal, they must lose their application; for it
seems to me that this is not a body to try such
thiinrs.
Mr. PEAR.CE. The Senator from Virginia
is certainty mistaken in one respect. These cases
do not stand upon an equal footing. If I am
rightly iniormed, McCormick's application was
heard upon its merits.
Air. HUNTELI. That is the question. The
Committee on Patents report that ltwas not heard
upon its merits, but was ruled out on technical
objections.
'Mr. PEAUCE. It was heard, and depositions
were received. Some depositions were rejected
for technical reasons, but others were not. There
was a hearing. Hussey never had a hearing at
all. His application was cut short by the inform-
ation that it was not sixty days prior to the ex-
piration of his patent, although he had applied
some months before, and he was advised by the
Commissioner of Patents to defer it, no notice
being given to him of any such rule as I have
before alluded to. That constitutes a very wide
distinction between the two cases,but it does not
necessarily follow that McCormick's case is to
be rejected, unless it is past reconsideration. I
do not know whether any motion for its recon-
sideration has been made; but surely it is not ne-
cessary that we should reject this case because
the Senate has rejected McCormick's bill. The
foundation of this application is obviously an
equitable one. However, I shall not detain the
Senate. The Senator from Maine is much better
informed on the question than I am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word in
reply to the honorable Senator from Virginia.
I think he has changed his ground somewhat
since last Friday. If I heard him rightly, he then
stated to the Senate, not that he was opposed in
principle to granting an extension in any case, or
that he thought Congress ought not to interfere
in any case, but that he came here with a strong
desire to vote for McCormick's bill if he coukl
bring his mind to the conclusion that it was
proper. The ground upon which he put his
objection to that bill was that McCormick's case
had been once fairly tried and adjudicated upon
its merits, and being so fairly tried and adjudi-
cated upon its merits, he could not vote for an
extension. Now, he states to-day that he is
opposed in all cases to granting an extension
under any circumstances. That is an objection
to Hussey's bill which he did not And to
Mr. McCormick's.
Now, sir, let me say to the Senator that there
is no necessary connection between the two cases.
The difficulty in regard to Hussey's case has
been that it has been lumbered up, and putin
connection with that of Moore & Iiascall, and
of McCormick, to which there are very strong
objections, m the western country particularly—
and in my belief it has been from the action of
McCormick himself—and the friends of the other
bill, that Hussey has been kept in connection
with them throughout, and that is the difficulty
under which he has labored. This case stands
upon entirely different grounds from the others.
Moore & Hascall's patent was out twenty years
ago, if I recollect aright, and there were other
difficulties connected with it which do not arise
in either of these cases. Hussey's bill was re-
ported unanimously by the committee, and I be-
lieve even the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, who ordinal liy opposes everything of the
kind, was in fav.or of the report and bill in this
case.
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie said to me, and gave
me liberty to state it to the Senate, that he con-
sidered it an exception; that Hussey had never
had a trial, and it was a meritorious ease, and one
to which lie could agree, though he was exceed-
ingly opposed to McCormick's hill. McCormick's
bill was reported by a bare majority of the com-
mittee, and that only a permissive majority, for
the sake of giving him a chance to try the ques-
tion before the Senate. Bat there was no doubt
m the mind of any member of the committee in
regard to Hussey s application. It struck every
man as so equitable acase, that there was a unan-
imous report.
Now, what is the simple question? Gentlemen
say that Congress ought not to interfere; but our
laws presuppose that a term of twenty-one years
is not too long a time for an inventor to have, in
order to receive remuneration for his invention;
because, after granting a patent for fourteen years
they give seven years additional, wherever it is
shown that remuneration has not been had in
fourteen years. Here we present a case where
it was haidly possible that the machine could be
introduced into geneial use in the ordinary time,
and show that by amere misapprehension—a mere
mistake—this inventor, Mr. Husxey, never had
an opportunity to tiythe question whether lie
had aright to a seven years' extension, which the
principle of the laws jjavts him.
The statutes of almost every State, certainly
in my own, provide that where a man has lost a
right by a mere legal misapprehension or mis-
take, the courts shall have power to remedy it.
The courts are to see that he as not deprived of
any right by a mere misapprehension, particu-
laily when it results from the action of the
public officers, as in this case. Is Mr. Hussey
asking for anything more? By a mere misap-
prehension. not of his own so much as of the
Commissioner, and a misunderstanding between
two successive commissioners, he has been de-
prived of the opportunity to have the question
upon which the whole matter rested, settled by
the proper tribunal. Being a meritorious man,
admitted to be so by the committees of this
body being over and over again unanimously m
his favor, (for he has had more than one report,)
he has been here ever since that occurrence. He
comes here a comparatively poor man, having
received no remuneration such as he ought to
receive — nothing, in fact, which can be called
remuneration at all—asking you to deliver him
from the consequences of this misapprehension,
and to place him where he would have been if
he had had justice done him at the time.
It strikes me that we ought not to be turned
round to the case of McCormick, and told that
he did not get it. That is no reason why Mr.
Hussey should not have it. Suppose that Mr.
McCormick has been unjustly used: it does not
follow that upon the state offactshere presented,
it would be just to deny the application of
Hussey because McCormick was denied. If
McCormick was unjustly used, it certainly does
not follow that we are therefore under obligation
to misuse somebody else who applies to us.
That is not a proper mode of reasoning either
for a court or the Senate, or for any kind of body.
Mr. Hussey is an exceedingly meritorious,
modest man. He belongs to the Society of
Friends, and that is proof of his modesty, I sup-
pose. He devoted himself to this work. He
was unquestionably the original inventor. He
asks for the benefit of this improvement which
interferes with none other. There are no remon-
strances from his own neighborhood. The peo-
ple of Maryland and Delaware, who receive the
largest benefits from him and patronize him most,
are in favor, as the committee understand, of
his receiving this additional protection. Why,
then, should gentlemen come m here and connect
this machine with others, and deny him what the
law intended he should have, because he lost it
by mere accident? 1 see no'good sense in it.
Neither do 1 believe the doctrine that, because
the agricultural community have derived so much
benefit from this man, thoy are entitled to come
and say he shall not receive adequate remunera-
tion for the benefit he has conferred on them.
There is a selfishness in this which I do not ap-
prove, and hope never to see encouraged here.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the name of Cyrus H. McCor-
mick after the name of Obod Hussey. If this
bill is to pass, I want to put both of these parties
together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They ought not to be
put together; they do not stand upon the same
grouncl.
Mr. BROWN. There was a contest between
them when they were before the Commissioner
of Patents and board of examiners as to which
had precedence; and the contest resulted in the
rejection of both of them and in notgiving a fair
trial to either, as I say and believe. If you send
them back, send them together. I think the weight
of testimony is m favor of McCormick; but I do
not feel called upon to judge in reference to the
matter. I say, remit the case back again to the
Patent Office, and let them both stand where
they did before any decision was rendered on
their application. If there is any propriety in
sending one of therft, there is most manifest pro-
priety in sending them both back. I know of no
reason, and can conceive of none, even after lis-
tening to my learned friend from Maine, why
McCormick should be turned out and Hussey
turned in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to use
one to defeat the other.
Mr. BROWN. My friend says he does not
wish to defeat Hussey by putting in McCormick.
Now, I do not choose to give advantage to one of
these parties over the other because he may
chance to have special friends in the Senate, if
( one is defeated, let both be defeated. If there
\ is propriety in rejecting one of these applica-
i tions, the same reasoning applies to the other
' case. If they go down, let both go together; if
j they swim, let both swim together. It one has
an advantage over the other by priority of dis-
covery, let that be determined where it ought to
be determined—in the Patent Office, bcfoie the
Commissioner and the board of examiners. I
shall certainly not consent to give Mr. Hussey
the advantage over Mr. McCormick. I would
never have assented to give McCormick the ad-
vantage over Hussey. I advocated and voted for
McCormick's bill. I was ready to vote in favor
of Hussey's bill; but now that McCormick's has
been rejected by the Senate, I cannot vote for
Hussey's unless you put in McCormick, because
I know enough of these cases to know that the
|i merits of each are almost precisely the same,
j! If the Senate think proper to turn one of them
]i down, 1 go for turning the other down; for I
]1 believe they ought to stand together. By a me re
tj accidental vote in the Senate, 1 am not going to
I give one of the parties an advantage over
