1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
citizen. It is utterly impossible he could have |
meant that " life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap- j
piwess" were among " the inalienable rights" to I
which negro slavery was entitled. The States
of this Union, sir, had among them, at that very
time, African slavery as a fixed political and
domestic institution. And to suppose that Mr.
Jefferson, when he penned that immortal paper,
meant to strike down domestic African slavery,
is to contradict facts cotemporaneous with the
Constitution itself.' He nevercould have intended
that instrument to apply taany other than citizens
the cowAiry. Now, I agree that all men, who
are citizens of a country, are entitled to equal rights
and equal privileges. But they must be citizens
first. Sir, I say that Government has a right to
impose terms of citizenship; but I say, when
citizenship has been once conferred, it is wrong
to draw distinctions between different classes of
citizens. Abolitionists and Free-Soilers may say
that the Declaration of Independence means ex-
actly what its language imports, and that all men
are oorn free and equal, and are endowed with
inalienable rights, among others those of "life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and that
this embraces the negro as well as the white race
Sir, I appeal to the fact; I appeal to the cotem-
poraneous history of the country; I appeal to the
opinions of the framers of the Constitution them-
Belves, to show that no such idea was entertained
by them. No, sir, he and they meant, and meant
only, to declare that, where men are organized
into a State government, each citizen is entitled
to the same political rights and privileges. This
is the doctrine of all republican governments; and
the Declaration of Independence means to main-
tain no other. It is wholly untrue, even as an
abstraction, that all men, in a state of nature, are
born free and equal. Infancy itself, sir, is in
troth a state of slavery, since both the physical
and mental power to act independently, is wholly
wanting in that condition of human life. No
two men can be found, anywhere, who are ex-
actly equal in all respects; and indeed the same
may be said of everything existing in the whole
universe of God. Change, dissimilarity, and
inequality, are stamped by the hand of Provi-
dence upon every object" m nature; and I tell
those gentlemen who profess to be so horrified
at the institution of human slavery, that they ap-
peal in vain to the lessons or teachings of nature,
or to any fact in the past history of the world,
to justify their conclusions. The history of the
world, from iis beginning to the present hour,
is but a history of human slavery in some one
or other of its forms; and to no truer record can
we resort, for the evidence of this truth, than to
the Old as well as the New Testament of our
religious faith.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of or-
der. We have a rule here which requires that
no man shall speak for more than ten minutes,
yet the gentleman from Maryland has spoken
already four times that length of time. I demand
that the rules may be enforced.
Mr. BOWIE. Sir, the rule has been extended
by the unanimous vote of the House, and I hope
I may be allowed to proceed without interrup-
tion.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Meacham] hascertainly the right to raise
a question of order, but the Clerk docs not think
the gentleman from Maryland is out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope, sir, no man in this
House will think, now, he has the right to call
me to order. If he does, I am sure he will be
fiut down by the unanimous voice of the House.
Great laughter.] I am proceeding, sir. accord-
ing to parliamentary law. It was made, I be-
lieve, by men who understood the rules of pro-
ceeding to be followed in deliberative bodies, like
this. [Laughter.] But, sir, I can only say to
those gentlemen who will undertake hereafter to
raise points of order ^upon me, that they will be
casting—I will not say pearls before syyne, but
wasting the sweet accents of their voices on the
desert air.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I have not time to go into a
discussion upon the state of parties in the House.
I will never vote for a sectional organization, and
I say to gentlemen who are endeavoring to effect
such an organization, that they are taking false
grounds. I think the friends of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] are standing
upon these grounds. They say they are not
Abolitionists, because, forsooth, they are not for
interfering with slavery in the States. Why, sir,
did you ever see or hear of a fanatic who was
fanatical enough to go to that extent ? They are
called Abolitionists, and justly so, because they
advocate the power of Congress to abolish slavery
in the Territories of the Union and in the District
of Columbia, and because they oppose African
slavery in every form and condition in which it
may exist. They sometimes have assumed to
themselves the name of Free-Soilers; but more
recently, within ,the last twelve months, they
have aspired to usurp the more national name of
Republican. Sir, I wish this House and the
country to understand that all these names repre-
sent one and the same idea, and but one idea at
that, and that is, opposition to the institution of
slavery at the South. The names of Free-Soiler
and Republican are but other names for political
abolitionism; and more dangerous names, too, for
the South, because more insidious in their tenden-
cies, and therefore more likely to gain proselytes
to their unholy warfare upon the constitutional
rights of these Statfcs. But by what authority do
they call themselves Republican ? In the earlier
days of the Republic there were, I believe, two
parties who called themselves Republican—one
the Federal Republican, and the other the Demo-
cratic Republican. To which of these two Re-
publican parties, I ask, do these Free-Soilers and
Abolitionists belong? I rather think the ghost of
the elder Adams, were it to rise up in our midst,
would exclaim to them, " My faithful children !
after being so long dead, have you come to life
again ? Let me embrace you as faithful followers
of the creed!!" This, sir, would, in my judg-
ment, be the voice of that old leader of the quon-
dam Federal party, whose doctrines in reference
to the powers of the General Government, and
their relations to the States, have long since been
buried beneath the overwhelming power of Jef-
fersonian Democracy, but now sought to be
revived by these modern Republicans.
Sir, these gentlemen complain that they are
called Black Republicans; and they very emphat-
ically demand to know who calls them Black
Republicans? I will not say that I have done so.
If I should give them a sobriquet at all, I would
call them White-Black Republicans. [Laughter.]
But I can tell them why they are so called. They
are called so, because they advocate the power of
Congress to abolish African slavery in the Terri-
tories, and to prevent its introduction therein;
and African slavery, I believe, sir, is black sla-
very. [Laughter.] They claim to be the pecu-
liar guardians of the colored race in"the United
States; and, by way of identifying their peculiar
principles, and. giving distinctive point to them,
they are called Black Republicans; and I think
the name quite significant enough of their prin-
ciples. I am quite sure my friend here, who now
sita on my right, [Mr. De Witt,] will not be
offended if I call him a Black Republican in the
sense just explained. I know my friend rejoices
and glories in belonging to that " great Republi-
can army," now so gallantly commanded by
Major-General Seward, whose flag bears aloft
that noble and magnanimous motto, " Freedom
to all Niggers." [Great laughter.] A similar
great republican army once invaded. Ireland for
a like purpose, but, finding no " niggers" there,
they put to death every Roman Catholic they
could find. [Laughter.] I hope my Roman Cath-
olic- constituents will not snare the same fate,
when my friend's army shall visit my part of.the
country.
And now, sir, I wish to say a word or two on
the general power of Congress over the subject
of slavery.
I know I have not time just now to discuss
this question thoroughly ; neither the temper of
the House nor the occasion will permit me; but,
sir, I ask gentlemen, what they mean when they
speak of the power of Congress over slavery?
Do they refer to the power expressly confided by
the Constitution to Congress of abolishing the
foreign slave trade, after the year 1808? or of
passing laws to require of the several States a
restoration of fugitives from service ? or of so
apportioning the representation of the States, as
to secure to the slave States a representation for
thrive fifths of their slaves, as persons ? or do they
mean to refer to some supposed power to abolish
slavery, either in the States or Territories ? or to
change, alter, or modify its condition or relations
in any part of the domains of this great confed-
eration of States? The first class of powers, it
will be perceived, sir, are clearly and unequivo-
cally delegated powers. The second class, if they
exist at all, exist only by implication. They cer-
tainly do not exist by express grant; and, accord-
ing to every approved mode of interpretation,
they cannot exist by implication, unless their
existence is absolutely necessary to carry into
effect and operation some expressly granted
power, which, but for the implication, would be
dead and inoperative. With regard to the first
class of powers, no one has ever doubted. -- They
are expressed, and not implied. They are a part
and parcel of the compromises and compacts of
the Constitution. The bond is so written, and it
must be so read. So far, then, as these powers
and obligations are concerned, slavery is a na-
tional and not a Sectional subject—a subject over
which Congress, and Congress alone, has juris-
diction. Congress alone, could have abolished
the foreign slave trade; Congress alone, can pass
laws relative to the recapture of fugitives from
labor; and Congress alone, can apportion the
representation among the States, so as to secure
the slave representation of three fifths, to the slave
States. With what truth, then, can it be said that
slavery is sectional and freedom is national?
They are, in truth, both national and both sec-
tional in some respects: slavery is national so far
as it is recognized, protected, and guarded by the
Constitution, and only sectional so far as that
Congress has no power to ordain, or to establish
it, and so far only, as that it does not exist in all
the States alike. But the same may be said of
freedom, for it is excluded in those places, and
among that class of our population who are slaves,
by the permission of the Constitution itself.
Sir, tne phrase which is so fashionable in the
mouths of the Abolitionists, Free-Soilers, and
Black Republicans, on this floor, that " slavery
is sectional, and freedom is national," is so trite
and threadbare that it has lost its charms. It is
a clap-trap saying, intended only as the watch-
word of a party, and will soon pass away among
the forgotten and exploded follies of the past.
With regard to that class of powers in Con-
gress over the subject of slavery which are inv-
plied powers, and which are only invoked for the
purposes of its destruction, I have hardly time
to say much. On some future and more appro-
priate occasion I propose to give my views to
this House and to the country more at large than
I can do now; but to those gentlemen who
claim the power in Congress to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia, founded upon the
grant of exclusive jurisdiction oyer the ten miles
square N ceded by the States of Maryland and
Virginia as the seat of the national Government,
I can only say, that exclusive jurisdiction by no
means implies or carries with it absolute and im-
limited powers. A Government may have exclu-
sive jurisdiction to legislate for the protection of
its citizens and the maintenance of their rights of
person and property, and yet be totally without
power to confiscate their property, or to abolish
the tenures of their estates. Exclusive jurisdic-
tion, sir, does not mean irresponsible or arbitrary-
power. The abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia must be a necessary incident to the
exercise of the exclusive jurisdiction, and with-
out which the power of exclusive jurisdiction,
would be inoperative and useless, or else it does
not pass with the grant of exclusive jurisdiction.
Sir,I hold this to be clear, and beyond the power
of refutation. The same argument applies, as
I have already remarked, to that provision of the
Constitution which gives to Congress the power
" to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty, belonging to the United States." The abo-
lition or restriction of slavery in " such terri-
tory or other property" must be shown to be a
needful rule or regulation for the government and
control of such territory, as properly of the United
States, or else the power to abolish or restrict
