66
. THE - CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
Pecember 21, -
the session, my hearty and cordial approval, I
rise to say a word in defense of the position
which it occupies before the country, and to jus-
tify that position. When the charge is made by
those who profess to have a majority in this
House, by those whose sentiments are reflected
by thesenior member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
and most of whom have been casting their votes
for Speaker for the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,]—a party, between whom and
the Democratic party, there is no sympathy of
feelin^, or sentiment, on any question—the only
reply 1 feel called upon to make in behalf of the
Democratic party is, that we are in the minority.
It is a source of gratification to them. They
have congratulated the country upon the fact, and
surely the minority cannot be held responsible
for the want of organization.
But the charge is made by another political
organization in this House, between a portion of
whom and the Democratic party there is a sym-
pathy of sentiment on the great disturbing ques-
tion of the day, which has so deeply moved the
public mind of the country, and a more extended
reply to the charge coming from them is, per-
haps, demanded. It has been said repeatedly,
and it has gone forth to the country, that the
failure of the national men in this House to unite
in the election of a Speaker is attributable to the
resolution passed by the Democratic caucus
which nominated the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] for Speaker; that that resolu-
tion has erected a barrier between the Democratic
party and those who hold national sentiments
upon some subjects in common with the Demo-
cratic party; that that barrier cannot be passed
by them, and, therefore, that we are responsible
for the failure of an organization.
It requires a brief recurrence to the history of
the past two years, to respond to this charge.
At the time, sir, when the contest was waging
and waxing warm in the northern States, when
all pohticai organizations in the northern States
outside of the Democratic party were warring
upon it on account of its nationality, when, for
years, it had stood firm against those assaults
from every quarter and from every faction, there
suddenly sprung up a secret political organiza-
tion, shown, by subsequent history, to be either
the offspring or the natural ally of those Free-Soil
organizations which had for years warred upon
the national principles of the Democratic party.
The elections transpired. The friends of these
national principles in tire North, which had been
illustrated by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and which had been maintained for years
by the national Democracy, were stricken down.
I need only ask you to cast your eyes over this
House, to see who occupy the seats which were
filled by those friends of the Constitution, and
then to ask you through whose instrumentality
wen; those men driven from this Hall, and their
places supplied by those who respond to the sen-
timents of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] and who are now casting their votes for
Speaker for the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.] It was not the work of the old
organizations at the North. They were incapa-
ble of effecting it. It was effected by those who,
sympathizing with them in Free-Soil sentiments,
struck down the banner, so to speak, which they
had before carried in open day, and hid it from
the light of day; and there conspiring against
the best interests of this country, and against the
constitutional rights of that section of it which
I have the honor in part to represent—combining
their secret power and influence with the open
enemies of the Constitution and of the rights
of the States, were enabled to break down and
destroy the power of the national Democratic
party in the northern States, and to fill these
seats with the advocates of sectional, fanatical,
and unconstitutional doctrines.
Sir, when the news of these things was carried
to the South, when the tidings of these results were
brought to the people of my section of the coun-
try, there was one* general expression of regret
aiid mortification among all who could forget
their enmities to the Democratic party. If there
were any who rcjoiced in these results—if there
were any whoso feelings and views were repre-
sented by that portion of the public press of the
South who heralded not the triumphs of Free-
Soilism, but the defeat of national Democracy,
such were few, I trust, in number. These results,
however, created a universal feeling through alL
the southern States, that the time had arrived!
when with us there should be but one voice, one
people, one party, in defense of rights dear to us
as the Constitution of our country, which were
now being warred upon by a sectional organiza-
tion at the North, as indicated by the return of
members to this House, carrying before it triumph
and success through the northern and western
States. All our people felt the time had come
vheh wo should stand firm and true by those
men and that party at the North who, by then-
votes and conduct, had proved themselves true
to the Constitution. There was no man at that
hour who would hava risen before a southern
constituency and called to the stand northern
Free-Soilers to prove the want of soundness, and
nationality, and true principles, in the men who
had been sacrificed in defense of their constitu-
tional rights. Why was the South not united the n ?
Why did 'she not speak but one voice in common
with those national Democrats who, in times
past, had stood here in defense of the Constitu-
tion, and who have stood here a firm and un-
broken phalanx from the commencement of this
session down to the present moment?
fijp\ I may not be authorized to speak of what
occurred in other States; but I will speak in ref-
erence to what transpired in my own. In the
hour in which this sentiment prevailed, there was
unknown to us—unknown to the Democratic
party as it now ptands organized—a secret polit-
ical organization springing up in our own midst;
and before wc were aware of it, a large part of our
people were bound by solemn oaths and obliga-
tions to subject their fellow-citizens to a new test
unknown to the past political history of the coun-
try, and, as we honestly believed then and now,
violative of the constitutional rights of many
good, worthy, and patriotic citizens of this land;
while the Democracy of my own State stood pre-
pared to unite with every man, North and South,
who had stood by the Constitution, seeing that
this question to which I have alluded had over-
whelmed all other questions, and had, indeed,
become the paramount question of the day, as
illustrated here in three weeks' partisan debate,
where there has not been one word said outside
of this question, save as to the one to which I am
also alluding. While we occupied this position—
while we were thus united—while we spoke as
one man, with one voice and one heart—while
there was a universal spirit of feeling of sympa-
thy4hroughout our land, it breaks upon us—to
use a homely expression—like a clap of thunder
from a clear sky, that there exists in our own
midst a secret political organization, having for
its object theproscription ofCatholics and foreign-
born citizens; and these new tests are applied to
test the orthodoxy of every man in our State be-
fore we are permitted to cooperate with them.
Gentlemen say there was no such test submitted—
none such to be found in the Philadelphia platform,
none such to be found in their published declara-
tion of principles. I know not how it maybe in
other States. In my own, I looked not merely at
your Philadelphia platform. I did not content
myself with inquiring as to your published dec-
laration; but being enabled to look a little further
into this matter, 1 inquired into your oaths and
obligations, to ascertain what test you intended
to apply to myself and to those acting with me.
And that I may bo distinctly understood, and
that my reasons may not be misapprehended for
the course 1 have marked out for myself, I beg
leave to read two or three lines only from those
oaths taken by a portion, if not by all, of the
Know Nothing or American party of my own
State:
'•* That you will not vote nor give your influence to any
man for any office in the gift of the people unless he he an
American-born citizen, in favor of Americans ruling Amer-
ica, nor li'hc he a Roman Catholic."
I leave it to those whose tastes may dictate, to
inquire into and make the discovery whether
these sentiments are embodied in the Philadelphia
platform or not. Again, I find an oath in these
words:
"You will, when elected or appointed to an official sta-
tion, conferring on you the power to do so, remove all for-
eigners, aliens, or Roman Catholics from office or place,
and that you will in no ea^e appoint such to any cilice or
place in your gift."
These oaths were openly defended and justified
by these individuals in -tfe-«aji%ass in the State
of Georgia; and when- they applied to me, and to
my friends acting with me, this test, we rejected
it. ' Who, then, is responsible for the division
in my own State ? Who is responsible for the
fact that Georgia, upon this floor, does not speak
one united voice? I put no test to my friends of
the American party; I raise no barriers between
them and myself. They-erected them and placed
them there, and they are responsible for them. _
If gentlemen mean, when they say that thi3
party are not in favor of proscription, that they
have not taken these oaths and do not justify
them, then I would ask of them what is their
political faith? But if they are the advocates,
the defenders, or the apologists of these oaths,
then I say to them that the barrier between us is
deep, wide, and impassable, until by their own
act they remove it. The contest in my State was
carried on upon the issue formed upon these
principles; and the voice of Georgia, in common
with that of her sister States of this Union, pro-
nounced against these oaths upon that issue.
Well, sir, the representatives of the Demo-
cratic party met in this Hall at the commencement
of the present session of Congress, and what did
they do? They placed in nomination for the
office of Speaker the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richakdsoh;] and, sir, we have the testi-
mony of more than one gentleman upon this floor
voting against him that there is no personal ob-
jection to him.
Mr. BOCOCK, (in his seat.) Nor political.
Mr. COBB. There may be political objections
with some. I say, there are no personal objec-
tions to his election. Why, then, can they not •
support him and vote for his election, agreeing,
as they do, with him upon the great issue in-
volved in the Nebraska and Kansas bill? Be-
cause of the resolution adopted by our caucus.
That resolution extends to our countrymen all
through this land our heartfelt congratulations
upon the triumph of the principles of the Ne-
braska and Kansas bill in many of the recent
elections. Do our friends desire us to withdraw
those congratulations ? Is there any objection to
that expression of feeling upon the part of the
Democratic party in caucus ? Does that furnish
any impediment to the support which a national
man may desire to give to the nominee of the
Democratic party ? 1 apprehend not. Certainly
no such objection can come from any national
man.
We also extended our congratulations to our
countrymen upon the triumph of the principles
of civil and religious freedom, as antagonistical
to the principles and doctrines contained in those
oaths which I have read to you here. Well, if
you (lo not approve, justify, and defend the prin-
ciples embodied in those oaths, let me ask you
wnat is the demand you make at our hands ?
You yourselves have erected the barrier; we have
triumphed tfver it; and because we extend our
congratulations to our countrymen upon that
event, you demand that we must take back those
congratulations.
Mr. READE. I thought you said you were in
a minority in this House. What, then, do you
mean by the triumphs you have achieved ?
Mr. COBB. The gentleman did not understand
me. If the balance of the House have so misun-
derstood me, I have spoken to but little purpose.
I am speaking of the triumph of the' people, in
common with the Democratic party, in various
States of this Union, over a party which carried
before them the banner of proscription, with oaths
and obligations in their hands. I never expected
a triumph in this House.
Mr. READE. Yv'ill the gentleman again allow
me to ask him what he means by triumph ? The
gentleman says he has triumphed over the Amer-
ican party. I did not understand him to mean
that he had triumphed in this House, but in the
country. I ask, then, what do you mean by tri-
umph m the country, unless you have reference
to the elections ; and if you have triumphed in the
elections, why have you not returned a Democratic
majority in this House against the American
party? If you have not done that, how have you
triumphed ?
Mr. COBB. I will trouble the gentleman from
North Carolina to work out this problem: Have
not these principles, of opposition to proscription,
triumphed in the elections that have been held
