1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Senator understands it as true, and dwells upon
it, and repeats it over and over, but the testimony
which we had last week, and the other papers in
the case, show that that was an entire mistake.
The objections made by Hussey's counsel at the
very time when McCormick's case was on trial,
and which are among the papers, will show that
tiere was no such objection taken. So far from
that, the papers show that Mr. Hussey, by his
counsel, attended at the talcing of the testimony,
and cross-examined the witnesses. No technical
-objection was made to the testimony on that
ground.
Further, if you read the veryTirst petition
which McCormick presented to the Senate, for
tie purpose of getting a new hearing in the case,
you will find that he does not pretend to put his
claim on any such ground at all.
Now, sir, that case was tried by the board, and
hey decided that, in point of fact, the patent which
was sought to be renewed never ought to have
beed granted to him m the first place. That was
the ground on which it was rejected. I am aware
that the Senator from Maine says that was an im-
proper issue, but I think otherwise, I thought
bo before, and I think so. now. That patent was
taken out by McCormick before our statute of
1836, previous to which time a patent was always
granted as a matter of course. By the statute of
1836 power was granted to the board to extend
patents; but because it did not expressly confer
the power of examining into the foundation of
the original patent, was that excluded ? That
power was omitted for a very good reason. Under
that law, a previous examination was necessary
before the granting of a patent, and then-fore it
had been passed upon by the competent author-
ity previously; but when the board of revision
came to exercise the power in relation to the
patents granted before sur.ii an examination was
required by law, it became more important for
them to ascertain whether there was any original
merit in the claim for a patent. Is it possible
for gentlemen to say that I hat was an improper
ground for a decision on McCormick's applica-
tion at that time ?
Again: is it possible that they could not look
into the propriety of the original grant of Mc-
Cormick's patent, when they saw that to extend
it would be doing nothing hut producing a body
of law-suits, they being satisfied that there was
no original merit in the grant? Not at all. .For
these reasons, I was convinced, in niy own mind,
irt the first place, that McCormick's application
for an extension was not rejected on any technical
"round; and in the second place, that it was
ecidedon the merits, and on an important and
proper issue; and therefore the point Slaving been
tried by a court of competent, jurisdiction without
any objection to informalities', I thought the mat-
ter should end; and hence I voted "against tiie j
extension of McCormick's patent. " i
Now, what sort, of resemblance has that to tl
? Hen
s
lawyers there mpet be a power somewhere to
grant him a new trial. This is the only author-
ity *rhich can grant it. Why should he not
have a new trial? It seems to me that there is
not only merit in his claim, but there is great
demerit in undertaking now to say that he shall
not have his claim allowed unless you will aliow
a like privilege to a man whom you have already
decided is not entitled to it. Such are my views.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I have no desire to detain the Senate, but 1 wish
to allude to a sentiment advanced by my fnend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] which is
entitled to high consideration, and, if it were true
in point of fact, would go very far to change my
opinion in regard to this case. In urging the
claim of Mr. Hussey to the extension of his
patent, my friend assumes that Mr. Hussey gave
to the world the grand idea of a reaping machine.
If that were so, I would vote to give him a new
hearing, and if I were the court of investigation,
I would give a patent for fourteen years, or twice
fourteen if necessary; but the facts I think are
not exactly that way. The honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] must aliow me
to read, from one of ftis own witnesses, against
himself.
I assume, in the first place, that Mr. Hussey
is not the inventor of reaping machines; that he
is not the discoverer of the great principle, and
has never given the idea to the world, as assumed
by my friend from Kentucky. Now, I will read
from a speech of the Senator from Vermont,
delivered on last Friday. He quotes Mr. Page;
and relies upon Mr. Page, and J think very
justly, as against McCormick. Now, what does
Mr. Pago say?
" On the contrary, I have abundant reason for believing
that opinion to be correct, and that it does Mr. McCormick
ik> Ji)ju>ticc, even if thii patent of Hussey be left entirely
out of iIjo question., and ipforeuce is had solely to those of
previous dates."
Thereby admitting conclusively that there
were patents anterior to Mr. Hussey's, and that
if Hussey's was out of view altogether, Mr.
McCormick would have a contest with previous
discoverers and inventors.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. Because Mr. Page, who
is entitled to all the commendation that the gen-
tleman bestows on him, says that McCormick's
could not be allowed even if Hussey was out of
the case, that is not deciding that Hussey's claim
may not be good.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It decides that
there were discoveries before Hussey's.
Mr. COLLAMER. Notcovenngall the ground
of Ins.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will shosv the
record, it is said that this old man is a Quaker.
I do not know that being a Gluaker adds to him.
T do not think he is a hit more honest for that,
than if lie were a Baptist, a Presbyterian, or any-
thing else. This is not the first machine that
. us ii was invented for reaping or for mowing. As far
case.' Here isainan who obtained a patent for j! back as 1803, this Government issued a patent
a useful invention. Nobody doubts its utility, or ji to Richard Frcnch and J T. Hawkins, of New
questions its value. He applied for an extension, || Jersey, for a reaping and mowing machine. P
and he ought to have had a right to show to the ' . i s> _ a
board that he was not compensated. That was
the proper tribunal before which to show it, and
he was ready to show it. He went to tiie Com-
missioner, and was told he was too early. He
waited a little lime longer: and again, before the
expiration of the pateni, applied to the Commis-
sioner, and then he vas told that ho was toojate.
Now, if I understand tiie amendment of the Sen-
ator froxii Maryland, he asks to iiave an oppor-
tunity of going there now. He lias been trying
all the time since that period to get a renewal.
Why should he not bo permitted to present that
question to the Patent Office? Was lie in fault?
1 see none. Was he not put off by the head of
the department to whom this business was com-
mitted? Certainly he was. He applied at first,
and was told tlmt he was too early; and after-,
Wards he was informed that, by the rules of the i
department, he was too late for a hearm*5-, I
°w. lias this man had the advantage which !
the law Offers to the community? Has he had !
of a relation to the ,
P_ y f the extension of his potent? He i
tofne Ldaft?°\ d il' Is lle in fauit fOT not I
$a\ing had it? I see none on his part Where
can he go for a new trial? I say £ my hmher !
1803, up to the time when Mr. Hussey got his
patent, there were fifteen patents issued by this
Government for reaping and mowing machines.
Mr. Hussey got his patent just as Mr. McCor-
mick got his. Each and all of them got them
before the act of 1836' was passed, which required
them to show that they had not been preceded
by similar discoveries and inventions. So Mr.
Hussey stands not a whit better than Mr. Mc-
C'ormick stands; for sixteen patents of this na-
ture were issued bv the Government anterior to
the one issued to fir. Hussey in Id'?3.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me
to ask him one question. Does he know, and
will-he aver, that there ever was a machine put
ill piactical use worth a pinch of snuff, before
Hussey invented this ? I know there were pat-
ents; 1 know there were efforts made in England
and elsewhere; but they were good for nothin°\
the
Hussey invented the first practical machine.
Mr. JONES, ot Tennessee, i will answer
question. I cannot teii whether it was worth a
pinch of snuff or not; but I know it was worth
enough for this Government to grain a patent for
it. 1 hen it IS a question for my honorable friend
to decide, whether this Government would issue
patents for inventions not worth a pinch of snuff.
I never saw Hussey 's machine, nor any of those
that preceded it. If Mr. Hussey's was such an
excellent machine as is now represented, why,in
the name of God, did he not make some money
out of it m fourteen years? The patent was
granted m 1833—twenty-three years ago; and if
it was this great machine -which my friend saya
it was, is it not a little strange that he is now so
poor as to be represented as worthy of the con-
sideration of the Senate, on the ground that he
made nothing out of it?
His was the great first original invention worth
a pinch of snuff; all the rest are not worth a pinch
of snuff! 1 think he must have made money-
enough out of it to answer; but if he did not, the
evidence is prima facie, at least, that it was not so
excellent a machine as some others—not quite so
good, perhaps, as McCormick's, or Manny's,
or Bell s, or Hill's, or a dozen others that might
be mentioned. I only wanted, however, to show
the single fact, that he was not the original dis-
coverer of the principle of mowing by machinery.
It was discovered as far back as 1803 in this
country, and much further back than that in
England.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems to
me very singular that persons who voted against
the bill "under consideration a few days since, for
the extension of Mr. McCormick's patent, should
now maintain the bill before the Senate. Per-
haps the bestargument which I could make against
the passage of the bill-now under consideration
would be to repeat the speech of my honorable
friend from Vermont, made last week. What
was the ground which he took in opposition to
the renewal of McCormick's patent? He said it
had expired seven years ago. Hussey's patent
expired nine years ago. He told us that m the
mean time capitalists had engaged in the manu-
facture of reaping-machines, and it would be
unjust to them that McCormick's patent should
be extended, because it would break up their
business, or put them at the mercy of McCor-
mick. Just so with Hussey. His patent expired
nine years ago. In the mean time a large sum
of money has been invested in the manufacture
of his machines, particularly in the State of Illi-
nois. Our State is particularly interested in these
reapers and mowers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has my friend ever seen
one of Hussey's there?
Mr. TRUMBULL, I do not know thatl hare
seen Hussey's reaper in operation; I have never
examined it; but if it is worth anything, I am
very certainitisbeingmanufactured there. In that
region of country we have hundreds of these ma-
chines all over our prairies; we have large estab-
lishments in the State, in some of which, I am
told, more than a hundred thousand dollars of
capital are invested in manufacturing these ma-
chines. It was an objection the other day, that
McCormick's patent should not be extended,
because its entension would interfere with the
rights of those persons. Now, if Hussey has
made such a discovery as we are told here to-day,
that is so vastly important—and it may be for
aught I know—does not the same objection ap-
ply? He may be entitled to credit for the dis-
covery which he has made. I am not sufficiently
familiar with these respective machines to know
which is the better one. ] understand that they
embrace principles which are common to all of
them; but it is very certain that, if there is any
such important principle in Hussey's machine as
is contended for here, the public have been asmg
it now for nine years, and the enterprise of our
people would certainly have led them to embark
in the manufacture ol the article if it was so well
worth having during that time.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to say to my
friend that all these machines embrace mechan-
ical principles common to them all, and which
have long_since become public, whether patented
or not. Each one of these machines, however,
is organized as a piece of mechanism so distinct
from the other that they stand separate. They
embrace, of course, a common principle, open
to the public, but they have, besides that, such
a distinct peculiarity of mechanical arrangement
m each case, that they stand separately, without
any conflict, as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that be so, and there
bo a valuable principle in Hussey's machine, is
