1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
34th Cong....1st Sess. Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. op Reps.
here, which ought to bind neighbor to neighbor,
and all good men together, you -will not disturb
us in the enjoyment of our rights. We only ask
you not to lay upon ub the hand of oppression;
not to drive us to the wall We say to you, in
a spirit of fraternal kindness, we love you as
fellow citizens of a common glorious country,
and will adhere to you in the enjoyment of all
your rights. In the name of Goa, then, we be-
seech you not to wage a crusade against an insti-
tution which was born before the Constitution,
nurtured by it, and now, in its advanced man-
hood, demands its protection. If you do, the
friends of that institution, and, above all, the
friends of thatConstitution everywhere, will come
up to its reacuej and if, on that day of struggle,
the Constitution and the Union shall be crushed,
the friends of civil and religious liberty through-
out the world will curse you and your memories
forever. This is all I desired to say.
slavery in the territories.
DEFERRED DEBATE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 17,1856,
On the power of Congress to establish or pro-
hibit Slavery in the Territories of the 'United
States.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the indulgence of
the House but for a <ew moments. I wish to
make some inquiries of the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,} in reference
to some remarks made by him in the debate yes-
terday. He is reported as having said:
My opinion is, that the advocates of the constitutional
power of Congress to establish or prohibit slavery in the
territory of the United States—though they may Rve in the
South, though they may profess to be the advocates of the
constitutional rights of tke Sooth—ore doing to the South
more damage, and ate more dangerous, than the Abolition-
ists of the North."
I wish to ask the gentleman from Tennessae
what he means by that declaration; and also if
he knows any gentlemen, or any persons, at the
South who advocate the constitutional power of
Congress to,prohibit slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am pleased that the
gentleman from Georgia has put the question to
me, and I shall be obliged to him, and to the
House, not to confine me strictly-toa categori-
cal answer. My convietioa is, that the theory
that the Congress of the United States has the
constitutional power to draw a geographical line
through the public territories, and to say where
slavery shall exist, and where -slavery-shall be
prohibited forever, is a theory giving to -Con-
gress a power which the Constitution aas never
conferred upon this body. My opinion is, that
this theory has done more damage to the consti-
tutional rights of the southern States of the,
Union than the open warfare of northern Abo-
litionists upon the institutions of the South. I
do not mean to.be understood as saying, that
gentlemen who entertain this theory of the Con-
stitution are less -patriotic than gentlemen who
believe as 1 do, that the/Constitution does not
confer that power; but my position is, and
what I wish to be understood' as saying is, that
the theory is-an erroneous and most dangerous
one. And here let me remark, that many gen-
tlemen of the South, whose patriotism I have
never doubted, have fallen into a belief of this
theory; and some.gentlemen have gone so far as
to demand that the Congress of the United States
-should mark out the line dividing the territory
between the North and the South, and thereby
determine forever where alavery «heuld«go, and
where it should be prohibited. But I am grati-
fied that many of those gentlemen have changed
their opinions.
The gentleman, from Georgia. [Mir. Stephens]
asks me to point him to a man of the South who
entertains such opinions. I would say to him
that' my understanding is, that the gentleman
from Georgia himself [Mr. Stephens] has, upon
the floor of this House, maintained, with regard
to the territory acquired from Mexico ^thatunJeas
Congress would extend the Missouri compromise
line to the Pacific—would, by ageographicalline,
divide the territory, and determine/oreoer where
slavery should exist, and where it should be pro-
hibited, that he had no other alternative than to
return the territory to Mexico. " Let us keep our
money which is to be paid for it," said he," and
let Mexico keep her provinces and her people."
That was his position, as I understood it. I am
gratified that the gentleman who then warred
r'nst the principle of "non-intervention" has
lged his opinion, and now stands before the
country as an advocate of the principle of " non-
intervention" by the Federal Government with
the territories of the Union, upon the subject of
slavery. My opinion is, that the new States, to
be carved out of the public Territories, when they
shall be admitted into this Union, should come in
upon an equal footing with the old States, under
the plain letter of the Constitution—that they
should come in full-fledged, with all power for
determining their fundamental and constitutional
laws, as is conceded to the old States of the
Union. I repeat, I do not mean to say that gen-
tlemen who entertain the opinions I ascribe to
him are less patriotic than those who embrace
the principle of non-intervention; but I mean to
say that such opinions are more dangerous to the
South, particularly when presented by southern
gentlemen, than when presented by open and
avowed Abolitionists.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is mistaken
in attributing to me any suck position or opinions
as he seems, from the reoordhe refers to, inclined
to assign me. I did not then, or ever, advocate
the constitutional jvower in Congress to prohibit
slavery in the Territories"; but I maintained that
upon the principle of compromise I should be
satisfied with nothing but a fair division of this
Territory. I have always, and I do now, main-
tain, as an original question, that the Territories
-«f the United States are the common domain, in
which the people of -all the States have an equal
interest; and that the people of the.States who
choose to settle them snould determine their do-
mestic institutions for themselves as they please
when they come to form their State constitutions.
But when the North would not permit the South
to enjoy all in common, to colonize all in com-
mon, and to settle all ia common, without restric-
tion, then only on-the principle of division, as an
alternative, would I compromise the question at
all. Now,sir 
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) -Will
the gentleman from Georgia allow me to read his
declared opinions ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Blot now. I know ail-about
my declared opinions. I do not wish to hetve my
time now taken up by reading.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Very well, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman has any-
thing there in contradiction to what I say I will,
whe* I get through, hoar him read it; but I do
not wish now to be diverted from other points.
The gentleman stated to the House, when he be-
gan, that those gentlemen who voted for the Mis-
souri line—the geographical line—where slavery
might exist, sad where it should not, were more
dangerous to the interests -of the people of the
South than the Abolitionists of the North. Does
he belie ve that those men who in 1820—when the
South, was .pressed to the wall—when they took
that meaaAre only as an (dUmative—when the
North insisted on-having every foot of the.country,
and when, only by a small majority, the South
reluctantly took tliis line, in lieu of total prohibi-
tion—does he believe, I ask, that those men were
more dangerous to the South than the Abolition-
ists of the North were ? Does he say that your
Lowndeses and Clays, with a majority of the
Southern members, were more dangerous to the
rights.and interests-of-the. South and-the peace of
the country than the avowed Abolitionists ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Perhaps the gentleman
does not understand me. I again repeat, and I
wish to be properly understood, that this theory
has done more damageand is more dangerous to
the constitutional rights of theSouth than the open
efforts of Abolitionists. Many patriotic men at
the period to which the gentleman alludes, fell, as
1 believe,.into the error in submitting to what they
regarded as the smaller of two evils, namely: in
admitting that the Federal Government has the
power to bind the States which are yet to betformed
out of the Territories, of the United States in the
character of their domestic institutions forever.
I feel that that theory is more dangerous to the
South than the open warfare of the Abolitionists.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I wish the gentleman
from Tennessee to state what theory he means?
Does he know any southern man, in the begin-
ning, in the middle, or down to the present, or at
any time in the progress of this controversy, who
ever entertained such a theory as he speaks of?
And does he know of anysouthern man who ever
voted for a division of the public domain, except
as an alternative ? Did the offer to divide even
originate with southern men ? Has it ever been
defended by southern men, except as an alterna-
tive ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. If the gentleman from
Georgia will allow me, I will read an extract from
his speech in 1850, on the subject?
Mr. STEPHENS. Now, sir, you may read it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. On the 13th of June,
1850, the honorable gentleman from Georgia is
reported, in the Globe, as saying:
" I have/rom the beginning been, as the gentleman frohl
Mississippi says he is, ui favor of the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise tine, or some other fair and just division
of the Territory. But I want no division which will not give
as ample protection and security to the South in the enjoy-
ment of lier portion, as it does to the North. The extension
of the Missouri compromise, without the recognition of
slavery south of that line and all necessary protection,
would, in my opinion, be a perfect mockery of light, just
as much so as the doctrine of1 non-intervention.' This was
my position two yeare ago upon this floor, and npon w%icli
( then declared I should stand or tall. I hold that, upon the
acquisition of these Territories, their government devolved
upon Congress, and that it was the duty of Congress to pass
All necessary laws for the fair and equal enjoyment of tlicni
by all the people; of die United States, or such of them as
might go there with their property of every description.
" As a difference of opinion exists between the North
and South upon the subject of slavery, I thought, and still
think, that lor the purpose of such jii.*t and equal enjoy-
ment a division of the Territory would be best. That
Congress had power to pass all such laws I never douhted—
indeed I was amazed at the position of those who claimed
the constitutional right to carry and hold slaves there, and
yet denied to Congress the power to pass laws for the pro-
tection of these lights. The doctrine of ' non-interven-
tion ' denied thatpower."
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir; and I indorse
every word of that now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the indulgence of
the House to permit me to conclude my remarks.
The CLERIC. There being no objection the
gentleman is at liberty to proceed.
Mr. READE. Will the gentleman from Geor-
fia allow me to ask him awwngle question, so that
may be sure I understand him correctly?
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly.
Mr. READE. I want to ascertain whether I
understood the gentleman from Georgia, in the
extract just read by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, to have spoken of the principle of non-inter-
vention as a mockery ? I want to understand that
extract correctly. Did the gentleman from Geor-
gia speak of- the principle of non-intervention as
a mockery?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That is what I under-
stand his language to amount to.
Mr. STEPHENS. One at a time—and one
thing at a time, Mr. Clerk. What I wish the House
right.here to understand clearly is this: " Non-
intervention," as the word was used at that time
by me, was a term altogether different in its-mean-
ing, and import, and praotical effect from the same
word as it has more recently been used on this
floor and elsewhere. At the time of the acquisi-
tion of Mexican territory,there were local laws—
as I understood them—prohibiting slavery. I
held it to be the duty of Congress then -to annul
those laws, and to open up all the territory to the
free and unrestricted colonization of the people
of all the States of the Union. There was then
already "intervention" against us. Non-inter-
vention over that territory at that time would
have been exclusion, particularly in connection
with the idea that the people there should never
be permitted to change the existing status, as I
showed in that speech from-whiehthe gentleman
haa read an extract, or some other, or at least
thought! showed. This was my opinion upon a
question, however, on which southern men dif-
fered. But it is proper for the gentleman from
North. Carolina [Mr. Reade] ■ ana the House to
understand the import with which the term " non-
intervention" was used by me in thnt speech. It
