1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
it not as apparent as the noonday sjjn, that the
manufacturers have availed themselves of that
principle for the last nine years?
Mr. JAMES. Will the honorable Senator give
wav for a moment ?
Mr. TRUMBUJLL. Certainly.
Mr. JAMES. If I had been in the Senate this
morning svhen the case was called up, I should
hare asked for its postponement. I supposed the
two eases of Moore & Hascall and this would
be postponed to-day. The committee are now
getting evidence which they want to use before
the Senate, and I ask that this question be laid
over till next Friday.
Mr. BRODH/EA.D. There is another reason
which I beg to suggest to the Senator from Illi-
nois. It is evident that there is no quorum here,
and if we take the vote now there will be none.
There was none yesterday in the afternoon. I
therefore suggest to my friend from Illinois the
propriety of yielding the floor for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have no objection
to the motion; but I have only a few more words
to say, and I wish to say those words now, be-
cause the attention of gentlemen is directed to
the subject. It is difficult to- argue any ques-
tion with gentlemen who furnish the evidence
while they are speaking. There is no written
report accompanying these bills; and when an
objection is stated to the bill, how is it met ? A
Senator rises in his place on the floor, and makes
a statement of facts to cover the objection. It
has been stated over and over again to-day, that
Hussey was entitled to peculiar favor, because
he had been misled by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, that when he first applied to renew the pat-
ent he was told it was too early, and when he
applied again he was told it was too late. Now,
the report does not show any such state of facts.
I have seni for the report made two years ago,
and that refers to the report made in 1848. It does
state that Hussey made an application for a re-
newal of his patent eleven days before it ex-
pired; but it does not say one word about his
ever having made any prior application. Now,
if he did not understand the law 
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me
to say a word. I stated, and I state again, that
I have seen the paper, and I have seen among
the papers filed with Hussey's petition, and the
report, a letter of Mr. Ellsworth, confirming his
statement here. I am not able to lay my hands
on it at this time, I admit, but I will say that I
have seen it, and it is so. I shall take some
pains, however, to endeavor to procure the pa-
per if the matter goes over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean to dispute
the word of any Senator on the floor. All that
I said was that it was very difficult to present i
objections to a bill, and have them constantly
remedied by the verbal statements of Senators,
and I called attention to the report. I have not
examined the papers of which the Senator from
Maryland speaks, and, doubtless, he is correct;
but the report does not state that fact. If we are
to rely on what appears here in the papers, the
fact is that- Hussey never made application for
the renewal of the patent until eleven days be-
fore it expired, and the law of 1836 required that
he should make application in time for the Com-
missioner of Patents to give notice so that per-
sons contesting might appear and do so. I will
not occupy time further. 1 will give way.
M[t BitOD HEAD. I move that this subject be
postponed until Friday next, in order that we may
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to enter a motion, as
a matter of form. _ My friend from Kentucky
thinks that the vote which was given on his bill
to-day was given without it being understood.
I move a reconsideration, for the purpose of
enabling him to present his views upon it, and I
ask that the motion be entered on the Journal.
It is the bill in relation to the heirs of Colonel
John Hardin.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi- \
ness, and after some time spent therein, the 1
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 1
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 18, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER. The Army appropriation
bill is the first bill in order when the House next
goes into the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union. I have three amendments which I
propose to offer when that bill is called up; and to
facilitate debate, and that each gentleman may see
them before he is called upon to act on them in
committee, I desire that they may be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if these amendments propose
to carry out existing laws i
Mr. FAULKNER. They do not, sir.
Mr. JONES. Then I expect they will not be
in order to that bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. That will be a question
to be determined when they are offered. It will
be for this House and for the Chair to decide then.
They are short amendments.
Tive SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee objects.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not understand the
fentleman from Tennessee as objecting at all.
le says he did not object.
APPLICATION TO INTRODUCE A BILL.
Mr. COMINS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for the purpose of having it referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. Will it be in order now to
move to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending
the resolution on which the previous question has
been called.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he did,
on the 17th of July, approve and sign bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act to grant to L. Jane Horner and children
a section of land in Oregon;
An act for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jefferson
county, Virginia;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased;
An act for the relief of Captain J. P. Hatch, of
the United States Army; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Dr. William
P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in
the Mexican war.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER stated that the question be-
fore the House was on the resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections, in the Illinois
contested-election case, on which the previous
question was ordered, and whioh are as follows:
Resolved, That .tames C. Alien w;is nut elected, and is
not entitled to a t-eut in this Hotwe.
Resolved, Thut William B. Archer was elected, and is
entitled to a seat in tins House.
Mr. STEPHENS, under the agreement en-
tered into yesterday, addressed the House for
fifteen minutes in opposition to tha report of the
committee.
Mr. ARCHER, the. contestant, by unanimous
consent, spoke for half an hour in support of
his claim to the seat.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, as chairman
of the committee which reported the resolutions,
then closcd the debate, and replied to the argu-
ments which had been urged against the report of
the committee.
The speeches will be published hereafter (in
the Appendix) in connection with the preceding
debate upon this question.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolutions.
Mr. STEPHENS asked for a separate vote on
the resolutions, and for the yeas and nays on the
first resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. Would it be
in order now to have a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. |t would not, pending, the
previous question'. • ' ' '"?■
Mr. WRIGHT, Then I move that the House
do now adjourn, and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, * *
The question was taken; -.'.id it was decided in
the negative—yeas 3, nays 174; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BiUinghuret, Augustas Hall, and Ma-
Queen—3. 9
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison. Ball, Barbour,
Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson,
Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton,
Buriingame, Burnett, CadwaJader, James H. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CarHle, CarutJjers!
Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, dawson, Cliagtnan, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson K. 'W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox,
Craigc, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Be Witt, Dickson,
Dotfd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Emrie,
English, Etherftfge, Florence,* Poster, Thomas J« D. Filler*
Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas JL. Harris, Harrison^
Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, Ilugbston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Alexander K..Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel £.
Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, McMullin, Meach-
am, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker,
Teck, I'elton, Pennington, Petttt, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pow-
ell, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,-Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbms, Roberts, liobison, Ruffin,
Rust, Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman,
Shorter, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Warner, Bllihu B. Washburne. Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Watson, Welch, Weils, Wheeler, Williams,
Wood, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer
—174.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. EUSTIS announced that he had paired
off with Mr. Ktjnkel on this question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, announced
that his colleague, Mr. Hickman, had paired off
with his other colleague, Mr. Pearce, until
Wednesday next.
Mr. DAy stated that Mr. Mott had paired
oft' with Mr. Smith, of Alabama.
Mr. DEAN stated that Mr. Woodruff had
paired off with Mr. Bowie.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am desired by Mr. Orh
to inform the House that he has paired off with
my colleague, Mr. Edie, until Monday week.
Mr. Orr has left, as the House is awafe, iri coil-
sequence of ill health, and has gone to the Warm
Springs in Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Oliver, had paired olf with Ms. Howard, till
some time next week.
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Walbridge.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sandidge, was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
The question recurred on the first resolution,
on which Mr. Stephens had called the yeas and.
nays, as follows:
.Resoiuetf, That James C. Allen was not elected, and is
not entitled to a seat in this House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in.
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 90; as followst
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnglmrst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Baffin ton, Burlingame, James H.CampbeU, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Com-
ins, Oi agin. Cumback,Damreii,Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie,
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Kohert B. Haii, Harlan,
Harrison, Haven, Holioway, Thomas It, Horton, Valentine
B. H orton, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvl-
ton, Knox, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Mo< re, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Parker,
Pelton, f'enmngton. Perry, Pettit, Pike, Piingle, Purviance,
Ritchie, rvohbms, Roberts, Sabm, Sapp, Seott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thuntor,, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wad?, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron, EHihu 8. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, and Wood—94, „
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Baiksdalo, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalarier, John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Caruthers, Caslue, Bavard Clarke, Cimgman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, "Edmundson, Elliott,
Enelish, Etheridsre, Florence, Potter, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.Harris,
Thomas L. Han is, Hodman, Houston, Jewptt, George W.
Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kelly. Kenciett, Kidwell, .Lake,
Letcher, LindJcy, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear,
