1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Quitman, Reade, Heady, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Eust,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart. Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkms, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney. Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—90.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Galloway had
paired off with Mr. Bocock.
Mr. HOWARD stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Oliver.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL said that he had
paired off with Mr. Sage on certain questions
understood between them, and he did not feel at
liberty to vote on this resolution.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Paine, had been called home by indisposition,
and was still detained at home, very ill, and un-
able to attend.
Mr. WATSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Walker. If he had been able to vote,
he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say that Mr.
Kttnkel has paired off with Mr. Eustis till to-
morrow; and after to-morrow he will pair off
with me for two weeks from next Monday.
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. WASHBURN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
the second resolution, reported by the Committee
of Elections; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That William B. Archer was elected, and is
entitled to a seat in tins House.
_ Mr. McMULLIN. Does the previous ques-
tion apply to this resolution ?
The SPEAKER, it does.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Hemy
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, BufUntoa, Burlmgame, James II. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezi.iClaik, Cl«iw>un, Cultax, Co-
mins, Crapin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davi^, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emue,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robot t B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison,
Holioway,Thomas R. IIorton, Valentine B. llouon, llughs-
ton, KelMiy, Kins, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Luiter.
Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killian MiUei, Morgan'
Morrill,Murray, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry
~v.l MUI IHglUil, I UUlfilUll, iUllll, lliUtUll
Wade, Wakeman, Wsilbudse, W'aldion, Ellihu 15. Wash
burne, Imaol Washburn, Welch, and Wood—89.
KAYS— Mes-is. Aiken, Barksdaie, Bell, Ilendley S. Ben-
nett, Btoora, C.uhvalath-r, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Oar-
uthers, Caskie, Chngman., Howell Cobb, Williamson R.W.
Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawioid, Culien, Davidson, Bav, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Ednnind>on, Elliott, English, Etherid^e,
Florence, Foster,Thomas J. D. Fuller, Uoodc, Giecnwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. flams, Thomas L. Hairi*,
Haven, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, Geoigc W. Jones, J.
Giancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lurnpkm, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, MeQucen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puiyear
Q.uuman, Iteade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Ilust, lav-
age, Seward, Snorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Tyson, Undmvood, Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Darnel B. Wright. John V. Wuaht, and
Zollicoffer—91.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was not agreed to,
and al-.o moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the^ negative—yeas 90, nays 91, (the Speaker
voting in the negative;) as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdaie, Bell, Ilendley S. Ben-
Boyce, Broom, Burnett, Cadvvalader, John P. Oamp-
S,, llie'CarilttierS Caskie, Cluigmari, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cohl>, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etherise
Thomas J. I). Fuller, Goode, GreemvoSd,
Haven HofTnln Sa2,paon W' Ham,; Thomas L. Harris- 1
rH,nVl' ,Ioffma"> Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
S™fev Lmn'nWn fcKenIiett' KidwoII> Lakc> Etcher,
shall £'-5aSlphre'' Ma'shall, Samuel S. Mai-
 on Pee^ hn'^eaueen' Smith MUler, Mill-
S Readv Rwfe p^elPs./otter, Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Heady, Reade, Ricand, Rivers, Kuffin, Rust, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkms, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Buffinton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Esra Clark, Clawson,
Colfax, Coming, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell, TimothyDavis,
D^an, Be Witt, Dickson, Dodd,Dunn, Durfee,Emrie, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Holioway, Thomas li. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hughs-
ton,Kelsey, King, KnappsKmght,Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,
Matteson. McCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Petut, Pike,Pringle,Purvianee,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, YVakeman, Wai-
bridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, and Wood—90.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. WATSON moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved a call of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, moved that
the House adjourn, and demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MAXWELL. I submit that the motion
to adjourn is not in order, the House having just
decided that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion that there be a
call of the House has since been made.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion that there be
a call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew the motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this is not a question which can be
reconsidered by the House. The judgment of
the House declaring that Mr. Allen is not entitled
to his seat is final and irrevocable. The moment
that the judgment of the House is pronounced he
ceases to be a member, and no reconsideration of
the House can elcct him to be a member again;
and so the declaration of the House that Mr.
Archer is not entitled to his seat,is a final judg-
ment of the House, and it is not competent for
the House afterwards to revise its decision, hav-
ing exhausted its power in making the original
decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the House to reconsider, and overrules
the question of order.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. AVASHBURN, of Maine, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&is. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billingfmrht, Bingham, Bliss, Biadshaw,
Ihonton, Buffinton, Buihngame,"James II. Campbell,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
n L..... ™ ~ 5,Dean,
Gilheit,
„ . —,  ,  -.-ay,Thomas
it. Hoiton, "Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, KeJsey, Kin®,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Matteson, Mc-
Caity, Alcaohum, Kilhan Miller, .Sloigan, Moinll, Murray,
Norton. Parker, Pelton. Pennington, Peiry, Petut, Pike
Pnngle, Puiviance, Ritchie, Kobbms, Robeits, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Slicunan, Simmon*, Spmnei, Stanton, Stranahan,
Taiwan, Tbnungton, Tlun-ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade.
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Eihhn B. Washburne'
Israel V\ashbnrn, Watson, Welch, and Wood—88.
NAYS—Me*sis. Aiken, B.nWalu, Bell, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Bojce, Broom, Burnett, Cadvvalader, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthcrs, Caskie,
Chn«man, Howell Cobb, Williamson Ii. W. Cobb, Cox
Craige, Crawford, Culien, JXivid.-on, Denvci, Dowdell!
Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott. English, Etliendge, Florence,
i' oster, i lioinas J. i). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Pamp>on W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
I-loftman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jcmes, J. Giancy
Jone>, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake. Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkm,
Humpliiey Maishall, Samuel S. Maishall, IVraxvvell, Mc-
Mtlll.n  .<> •. CJ .H.ll,.. -XT-w -i  ' . I
Pec
Re.
ShoitcV, Samuel A. Small, William Smith7Sneed,"'ste-
plierx, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor. Trippe, Under-
wood, \ail. Valk, Warner, Watkms, Wells, Whoeler,
Whitney, Williams, Darnel B. Wiight, John V. Wright!
and Zollicoffer—93. 6 ',
So the House refused to adjourn. |
Mulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miil>on, Mooie, Packer, I
Peek, Pliclp^, Portei, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, i
uead}', lucaud, Rivers, Ruffin. Ku^t, Savage, Seward,!
The question again recurred upon the motion
to reconsider; and being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burluigaine, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Harrison, Holioway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, Killian Mil-
ler, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormg-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, and Wood—91. '
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdaie, Bell, Ilendley S,
Bennett, Boyce, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Bayard Clarke,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige; Crawford, Culien, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Florence, Fos-
ter, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hoff-
man , Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones,
Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lump-
kin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore,
Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Q,uitman,
Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wnght,and Zollicoffer—95.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS offered the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Whereas: this House has declared that neither James C.
Allen nor William. B. Archer is entitled to a seat in this
House from the seventh congressional district of Illinois,
Therefore—
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House a vacancy
exists in said district; that the election which has been con-
tested in this House be referred back to the people of said
district; and that the Speaker of this House notify the Gov-
ernor of said State of the resolution of this House.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to William B.
Archer, of Illinois, claiming to have been elected to this
House from the seventh congressional district of that State,
his mileage and per diem up to this date.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER called for a division of the
question.
The question was therefore upon the adoption
of the first resolution; and being taken, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon the second resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The second resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The_ SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for reports
of private bills.
Mr. "WATSON. I desire to give notice to
the House, that to-morrow morning I shall call
up the Nebraska contested-clection case.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask leave to report
from the Committee on the Judiciary a bill to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, for the
purpose of having it printed.
Many Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn. ^
SPEECHES IN COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw that motion to
enable me to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of holding an evening session, to enable gentlemen
to make speeches of a general character, with the
understanding that no business shall be trans-
acted, and that no motion shall be in order ex-
cept a motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that, and
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the aato of the
Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am opposed to night
sessions. No good can grow out of them.
