$8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. of Reps.
was that " non-intervention" which, in my judg-
ment, would have absolutely excluded a portion
of the people of the Union from a just and fair
participation in the use of common territory, and
I wished all to be equal participators therein.
Now, sir, in that speech from which the gen-
tleman has read, I was speaking of a settlement
of this controverted question on the principle of
division, as the people of the North could not
in justice be permitted to take the whole terri-
tory—every foot of it, North, South, East, and
West, which they were claiming, and seemed
determined to have. My theory was, and the
whole southern theory was, as I understood it,
as an original question, to leave the whole terri-
tory free to colonization by all alike, and without
restriction anywhere. But, sir, when we were
forced to the wall, when we were outvoted by a
large majority from the North, when we had no
hopes of getting that theory of ours realized, then
we were willing, as I said, in consequence of this
sectional disagreement, as an alternative, to have
the territory divided with the same guarantee
against the previous intervention against us on
one side of the line to the people of the South,
as there was on the other side to the people of
the North.
The House will indulge me also in another
idea. In the speech to which the gentleman
from Tennessee has alluded, he quotes me as
having expressed astonishment as to the power
of Congress to do what I thought ought to be
done; that is, to institute Governments for the
Territories, and to effect what I desired. Now
on this subject, in both aspects of it, there was a
division of sentiment as well North as South.
I held that Congress had power to govern or to
provide governments, and to pass such laws as
were necessary to give security to slave property,
which some, holding the doctrine,.of " non-inter-
vention," as then used and understood, denied.
I was amazed at some gentlemen who held that
by virtue of the Constitution alone we could
hold slaves in the Territories, and yet denied
the power to protect them. I hold the same sen-
timents now. I held that it is the duty of Con-
gress to protect slave property as well as other
property in the common territory of the United
States, just as it might protect any other kind of
property. That is what I held to be the power
and duty of Congress. I did not hold that it had
the unqualified power to prohibit. Now I ask
the gentleman again, (k>es he know any man in
the southern country who advocates, or even
defends, the unlimited constitutional power of
Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia, whether in 1848 he did not
on this floor, take the position, with reference to
the territory acquired from Mexico, that there
were but two courses to pursue', that there were
but two alternatives with him. I ask him if he
did not state, that unless the Federal Govern-
ment extended the Missouri compromise line to
the Pacific ocean, so that slavery should exist
forever on one side of the line, and should not
exist on the other, his only alternative was to
return the territory to Mexico ? I ask him if he
did not demand that Congress should not merely
protect slavery in the territory on one side of a
geographical line, but sheuld prohibit it on the
other? I ask him if he did not frmand that, and
demand it as the only alternative to the returning
the territory to Mexico? S
Mr. STEPHENS. Only, Mr. Clerk, by way
of compromise. '
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Ah!
mi^rthftTTEPHwNS" 11 wa! only as a compro-
mise that I would agree to or demanded the exten-
sion of the Missouri line, recognizing and protect-
ing slavery south of the line as well as excluding
it north. This was the only plan of division,
itself an alternative, that I would agree to. I was
then in favor of running that line through to the
•Pacific—not as an original proposition, but as an
alternative—to settle the question upon some
principles of justice, as the South and North dif-
fered upon slavery, and the North, so far from
letting the South have the free common use of
R ,\S?umxT b®nt uP°n not lettir>g her have any.
£ 1 North would not agree, then, even to
mat—they would not divide. An overwhelming i I
majority in this House were opposed to it. On the
15th day of January, 1847, a large, an overwhelm-
ing majority in this House repudiated the adop-
, tion of that line by way of settlement—a line, or
! a principle rather, which the South was forced to
adopt in 1820, not as a theory of her own, but as
her only alternative.
Now,Mr. Clerk, I voted in-1848, as all the men
from the South upon this floor voted, to extend
that line to the Pacific coast. It was no measure
of our choice.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I suppose I do not
misunderstand the gentleman from Georgia. I
now understand him to express the opinion that
the Federal Government has no constitutional
power to restrict slavery in any of the Territo-
ries of the United States; yet, in a spirit of com-
I promise, he was willing, in this instance, that
the Constitution should be violated in the measure
proposing to restrict slavery in half the territory,
and that the Federal Government should thus do
what the Constitution itself prohibited.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir, I hold no such
doctrine. The gentleman can assign me no such
position. I voted to extend the line as an altern-
ative; but I did not hold, nor do I now hold,
that I violated the Constitution in thus voting.
And I want to know of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee if he would not have voted for the exten-
sion of that line if ke had been here ? When the
whole South united in agreeing to extend the
line as>an alternative, by way of compromise, in
1848,1 want to know Qf the gentleman from Ten-
! nessee—and I call the attention of the House to
! his answer—whether he would not, if he had
! been here, have voted with the South for that
[ extension ? Would the gentleman, or would he
not?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Clerk, it will be
remembered that when this little sparring be-
tween the gentleman from Georgia and myself
commenced  -
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not yield to the gentle-
man, except to answer my question.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will give the gentle-
man a direct answer.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very Well; go on.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I sayit will be remem-
j bered that this little sparring between the gentle-
| man from Georgia and myself grew out of the
1 fact, that when the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
i [Mr. Fuller,] for whom I have been voting as
i a candidate for Speaker, defined his position the
j other day—when he announced himself as occu-
pying, the high national position which he did, the
' gentleman from Georgia rose and complimented
him upon having revised his opinions and cor-
rected his position before the House and country.
I confess, sir, that I could not help supposing
that those compliments were ironically tendered,
and I stated, in reply, that it would be well to
remember that other gentlemen had corrected
their positions besides the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
And now, sir, in reply to the interrogatory of the
gentleman from Georgia, I have to say that from the
day of that crisis in 1850, when I saw what I saw
m the Nashville Southern 'Convention, as it was
; called—when I saw that body demanding the ex-
j tension of the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific—when I saw that body advocating; the
exercise by the Federal Government of the power
I to prohibit and permit the extension of slavery
upon the respective sides of a certain geograph-
ical line through the Territories belonging to the
Government, a power that I felt was not dele-
gated by the Constitution—when I saw that posi-
tion taken by the extreme men of the South; sir,
m7se!f uPon the position, that the people
or the .territories, when they come to form State
governments for themselves, had the sole right to
determine for themselves whether they would have
slavery or not. '
 ™®7EPHENS- The gentleman has not
mritmVUe8t10"-- ■1 ask aSain whether in
♦Kp 7 proposition was sent down from
S the P^i?r°P0Slng t0 e^tend the Missouri line
, coast> wou,d the gentleman from
Tennessee have voted for it ^
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well; Mr. Clerk I will
answer the gentleman in this wav !
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannotgive the gentleman
my time except for a direct answer to my ques-
tion. I want to know whether, when Congress
was providing governments for the Territories
acquired from Mexico, he would, if he had been
here, have voted for the extension of the Mis-
souri line through those Territories or not ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The time has been, Mr.
Clerk, when the great body of men at the South,
for the sake of choosing what they considered the
smaller of two evils, had fallen in with this Mis-
| souri compromise line; but, sir, my own opinion
is, that had I at that time occupied a seat upon this
i floor I should have felt it to be my duty to in-
vestigate the subject with care, and to vote delib-
1 erately upon that investigation; and that I should
■ have voted to sustain the principles recognized in
the compromise measures o/1850.
Mr. STEPHENS. My question is, would the
gentleman have voted for the Missouri compro-
mise line at the time 1 have stated?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. My answer is, that I
would have voted in accordance with the prin-
ciples of the compromise acts of 1850, to leave the
people of the Territories to determine the quest ion of
slavery for themselves, when they came to form a
State government.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman said he
would give me a direct answer. He has not.
Now I wish to put to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee another question, that is, whether when
those southern men he has spoken of, before they
fot the principles of 1850, now carried out in the
[ansas bill, chose the less instead of the greater
evil, as he has said—when every man from Ten-
nessee, every man from Georgia, every man from
South Carolina—in a word, every man, Whig and
Democrat, south of Mason and Dixon's line,
voted for that measure, were they acting upon a
theory more dangerous to the South than Aboli-
tionism itself?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The principles of 1850
and of the Kansas-Nebraska bill were then urged,
and are as old as the Constitution. I repeat what
I stated at the very outset, and I do not mean to
be understood as saying that those gentlemen
were less patriotic in their motives than those
i who understood, as the gentleman from Georgia
now understands, the principle of non-interven-
tion in the Nebraska and Kansas bill, or that
their theory was more dangerous than Abolition-
ism itself; but I say, nevertheless, that the theory,
whoever may entertain it, that the power exists
in the Federal Government to determine forever,
for the States to be formed out of the Territories
of the United States, the fundamental constitu-
tional principles of those States—to determine
whether slavery shall exist there or not is a
theory more dangerous to the South than the
overt movements of Abolitionism itself.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am here to defend that
theory so far as my action under it is concerned.
I say it was a wise theory, looking to the peace
of the country under the circumstances. I say
it was a just theory bo" far as it was founded on
the principle of a fair division of the Territory,
but it was not, nor is now, any favorite theory
of mine. I preferred another—the principle es-
tablished in 1850. Still, there was nothing so
aggressive in it as that the country might not
i have been satisfied with it if it had been abided by
1 acted on it only as an alternative. Nor do I
hold that the whole South in adhering to it werfe
more dangerous to themselves than Abolitionism
itself. Nor, sir, do I hold that a division of ter-
ritory, as stated, violates the Constitution of the
f PnUfi! Thls 1 8&Y> wh'le 1 also main-
tain that the Constitution gives to Congress no
original or substantive power to prohibit slavery
in the Territories of this country. The gentle-
man cannot find, in any remarks that I have ever
made, that I have advocated the existence of any
such power. I never have entertained any such
opinion. 1 have always warred against it from
the beginning.
I have always maintained that this theory of
the creation of Territorial governments was out-
side the contemplation of the Constitution It
rests upon a power resulting from the acquisition
the Constitution never contem-
plated. But when acquired, the duty devolves
upon Congress either to govern it or to pro-
vide a government for it. And in governing or
