1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. of Reps.
providing governments, Congress has no power,
either express or implied, direct or incidental, to
pass any law which would deprive any portion
of the people of the several States of their right
to a just and fair participation in the public do-
main. But a law or regulation, looking to a dis-
position of the public domain as common prop-
erty, based upon the principle of division between
the two sections, disagreeing, as they do, upon
the subject of slavery, I hola, may be constitu-
tional, or, at least, not violative of it. While the
exercise, therefore, of such power by a general
exclusion would be wholly unconstitutional, yet,
under circumstances qualified as I have stated, it
might be properly exercised. As I understood
the honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] to hold, the other day, the exercise of
this power may or might be perfectly consistent
with the Constitution, just, and proper in one
instance, and wholly inconsistent with it, unjust,
and improper in another.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Clerk, I desire to
say, that if I have not done justice in every re-
spect to the position taken by the gentleman from
Georgia, on a former occasion, I desire now to
do so. I sent, some fifteen minutes ago, to the
Congressional Library for a copy of the Con- '] men
gressional Globe, containing the remarks of the
gentleman from Georgia, to which I have ^ re-
ferred, upon which the statement I have made,
as to his position, was predicated. I have not
yet received it. I hope to receive it presently,
and then I will give to the House the record upon
•which I based my opinion.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman misappre-
hends me if he supposes that I ever held the idea
or opinion that Congress has the general or un-
limited power to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories of the United States. Never, sir; but I
have held, and I do hold now, that the power in
organizing governments and disposing of the
common territory can be properly and constitu-
tionally exercised on the principles of a fair
division. The gentleman seems to belong to a
class of men who argue that if Congress can ex-
clude slavery from a part, on the principles I
speak of, it could therefore exclude it from all
the Territories.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That is the position
of the gentleman's candidate forthe speakership,
as announced last Friday in his place, that if you
can exercise power over a part of the Territory,
you can over the whole of the Territory.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir. I indorse every
word that the gentleman from Illinois has said
on this subject. He says that he voted for the
extension of the Missouri compromise line, and
that he did not think in doing so that he was
violating the Constitution. I think so too. He
says that the exercise of the power, other than
by compromise, or a fair division of territory,
would be wrong and unjust, and violative, if not
of the Utter, at least of the spirit of the Constitution.
So I say too. And why would it in my opinion
be unconstitutional to exclude slavery from all
the Territories? The Constitution is silent on the
subject of the government of ,the Territories. I
have always maintained that the power was an
incident and resulting one; and, as I look on all
resulting powers, this one is to be fairly and
justly exercised. When exercised in that way,
I hold that it is constitutional. If not, it is
wrong and unjust, and tantamount to a violation
of an express provision of the Constitution. It
is a violation of the spirit of the Constitution,
because of its injustice.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. If Congress has the
power to exclude slavery from one half of the
Territory, has it not the power to exclude from
all the Territory ?
Mr. STEPHENS. _ No, sir. That is the
point. It would be unjust; and for that very rea-
son no such power of general exclusion could be
properly exercised. The Government yf the
United States, under the operation of the revenue
laws, and not within the purview or contempla-
- tion of any of the granted powers of the Govern-
ment, acquired a surplus revenue. It was never
contemplated by the Constitution that such a
fund should be amassed. A distribution of the
fund fairly and justly between all the States, I
hold, was perfectly constitutional. But suppose
the North had said, "Here is ef case outside of
the Constitution. There is not a word in that
instrument on the subject. The fund has been
unexpectedly acquired under the operation of the
Government; but it shall not be divided among
all the States equally; it shall be taken exclusively
by those where slavery does not exist; that no
slaveholding State shall touch a dollar of it."
; Would that have been constitutional?
' This is an apt case in point of illustration, for
, the Constitution is silent on the subject. It was
never contemplated by that instrument that a
surplus fund should be accumulated; but such a
fund did accumulate and may again. The power
of distribution was a resulting power, and, when
fairly and justly exercised, was constitutional. 1
do not now discuss the expediency of the distri-
bution, but the constitutionality of it. I do not
| doubt that it-was constitutional if the distribution
was fair and just, but it would have been nothing
short of usurpation for the North to have taken
: the whole of it. That is my answer, and so with
the Territories. Here was an acquisition of public
j domain, which the Constitution never looked to
I or provided for, made by the common treasure, by
' the common blood of northern men and southern
■men from all sections contributed in acquir-
ing it. In some States slavery existed, in others
it did not; and was it not right that the people of
all the States should have an equal enjoyment of,
or a just and fair participation in, tliis public
domain? Just as in the case of the surplus fund:
when that fund came to be divided, it would have
been monstrous, and unjust, and violative of the
Constitution—of its spirit, if not of its letter—if
the distribution had not been an equal and a fair
one.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have at length been
able to obtain, and will read the extract on which
I based my opinion of the gentleman's position.
My object in doing so, at this time, is merely to
I show that I had no purpose to misunderstand or
1 misrepresent him. I call attention to the following
| i extract of a speech delivered by the gentleman in
1848, on the floor of this House.
' " i liflve no objection to compromising the question, but I
< have only two plans of compromise; one is, a fair division
of the territory by fair and distinct lines, by whicli every
one may know exactly to what extent liis rights will be
protected. I care not much whether it be by an extension
of the Missouri line, or whether it be by adopting as a line
one of the mountain ranges, giving the South all on thi« side
and the North all on the other. I am, however, rather in
favor of the latter; but shall insist on some fair and just
division. That is one plan of compromise I shall favor; and
if I cannot get that, I have but one other to offer, and that
is, to reject the Territory altogether. Let us keep our money
which is to be paid for it, and let Mexico keep her provinces
| and her people."
! Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir 
I Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Let me proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS. Show in what I differed
then from what I now state. Why do you bring
my records to back what I now say?
"Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not say that it
differs from what the gentleman has said in the
last few minutes; but there does seem to me to
be some difference between it and the non-inter-
vention banner which he so boldly flaunted on
yesterday.
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all, sir. Permit
me to repeat just here that my original view was,
that Congress should not interfere or intervene
against us; that Congress should leave the com-
mon territory free and open to_ colonization by
all alike. This was what I desired; this is what
we have now got. But when that speech was
made, this hope was a foregone conclusion; the
hand of Congress against vis could not be stayed.
None of us expected, if the territory should be
acquired, thatintervontion against us by Congress
in some way or other could be prevented. We
were voted down. I, however, was still willing,
as an alternative, to compromise on the old prin-
ciple of division; but if I could not get even that,
then my last alternative was not to take the ter-
ritory. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] and the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and a few more, not exceeding half a
dozen, I believe, were the only gentlemen from the
entire North who voted to give us any showing
at all—men who seem to be now hunted down.
While the gentleman is reading me a lecture in
reference to the honorable gentleman from Penn- J
sylvania, to which I will reply, his whole argu-
ment seems to be to hunt down Mr. Richard-
son.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I think that assump-
tion is a little unkind to me. I feel that such is
not my wish; but that, when southern men seem
to be hunting down sound and national men of
the North, who stand jvith me, both sides of the
question should go before the people.
Mr. STEPHENS Let me go on, ifyou please.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will say that 1 now
understand the gentleman's position to be some-
what different from what I supposed. I under-
stand that, as a matter of compromise, he was
willing to see this geographical line run to the
Pacific; that slavery should exist on one side, and
be excluded from the other. I now understand
him to say that he believes that Congress has
power to make this disposition.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. And I understand him
at the same time to say that, while Congress has
power to prohibit slavery from one half of the
territory, it has not the power to prohibit it from
three quarters. This, I must confess, to me is
inexplicable.
Mr. STEPHENS. It may be so to the gen-
tleman; it does not seem so to me. I say that
there is no violation of constitutional power to
divide fairly and justly, but it would be violative
of every just principle of the Constitution to take
the whole. If that is inexplicable to the gentle-
man , I suppose it will not so appear to others.
I suppose that this was the view of all the gen-
tlemen from the South acting with me on the ex-
tension of the Missouri line; at least, it is the
ground upon which I stood.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I am willing that the gentle-
man shall search all my records, and bring them
up here and read them. I think that, upon this
point, the gentleman will find that I have never
changed sides, or positions, or opinions. If I
were to do it, I would not hesitate to avow it; I
wish the gentleman to know that. But I wish
the country also to kno-fr that my opinions upon
this point, so far as I am a proper judge of them,
have been the same since I first came to Con-
gress, and just such as I entertained before I
came here. The position of the South from the
beginning was, that Congress ought not to inter-
fere or intervene against us upon this subject.
That is my position, and always was, as an
original question. That was the southern ground
anterior to the Missouri restriction in 1820. That
was only supported by southern men as an alter-
native. It was when the South'was voted down
by the North, and when the South was about to
lose the whole of the territory, that she con-
sented to the principle of a. division; and I say
that Congress has the power, in my opinion, to
divide fairly and justly, but no power to give the
whole, exclusively, to one section, just as in the
ase I have put about the surplus revenue.
Now, sir, the gentleman remarked that my allu-
sion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Fuller] was unkind. I disclaimed yesterday—
I disclaimed most emphatically yesterday—and I
do again to-day, any intention of alluding to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in an unkind spirit.
I did it because I thought the occasion required
it; I thought it due to the progress of our cause
here. I felt extremely gratified at the announce-
ment of the gentleman's opinions, and so I said
then. I say now that my intention was not to
cut down the gentleman from Pennsylvania at all,
but it was to strengthen him and to strengthen
his friends and our cause at the North—it was to
give our friends every assurance and induce them
to stand firm; for we have evidence now that if
they do so, the great principles established rn
1850, and carried out in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, will ultimately prevail in this country, not-
withstanding the clamor at the first elections
against it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am happy to hear that
I misapprehended the purpose of the gentleman;
but when he, by implication, stated that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had seen new light 
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not say that he had
seen new light.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, that light had
dawned upon him.
