1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion dis-
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 67,
noes 80.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must object. I would not
under any other circumstances.
Mr. BENSON. Does not a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
take precedence of a motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
takes precedence on Fridays and Saturdays, those
days being set apart for the consideration of pri-
vate business.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at fifteen minutes to four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 21, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henrt C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
received, and been requested to present to the
Senate, proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Chicago, relating, in part, to the treatment of a
number of citizens of the State of Illinois, on their
way to Kansas, to settle in that Territory; and,
so far as relates to that subject, they have been
forwarded to me with a request that I would
present them to the Senate. The resolutions
state that a number of persons started from Chi-
cago to become actual settlers of the Territory
of Kansas; that while on their way, conducting
themselves in a peaceable manner, they were vio-
lently assailed, despoiled of their property, and
forcibly driven back; that the Missouri river, one
of the great highways of the United States, is so
infested by armed bodies, that there is no security
for property, person, or life, of a free-State man
upon it; and they request that Congress will pass
laws for opening that great highway, and pro-
tecting the lives and property of the citizens of
Illinois, and other States, on the great national
highways of the Union.
1 am somewhat at a loss as to what committee
these proceedings should be referred. I sup-
posed, at first, that the Committee on Territories
might be the most appropriate; but as the injury
complained of was not sustained in the Territory,
but upon the Missouri river, while citizens of
Illinois were on their way to the Territory, and
as the prayer of the petitioners is, that Congress
may take some action to have that great public
highway opened for the safe passage of peaceable
citizens, I do not know that the Territorial Com-
mittee would have jurisdiction over the subject;
and, perhaps, it more appropriately belongs to
the Judiciary Committee, as it would be for that
committee to devise such legislation as might
protect peaceable citizens while traveling on the
great highways of the country. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GEYER. I hope it will not be referred
to that committee. It is obvious that this petition
has reference to acts probably of some of my con-
stituents. I am a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and should dislike very much to act upon
it. When the time comes for the appropriate
consideration of the subject, I shall be able to
show that these gentlemen have not much more
to complain of than other persons who have been
driven out of the Territory by the authorities of
the United States. I lament very much the state
of things which exist on that frontier. I regret
that persons going to that country find an occa-
sion to get into difficulties with the inhabitants of
the State on the river, and that, when they are at
a disadvantage, they take the occasion also to
promulgate false alarmsthrough the country, com-
plaining of injuries done to them. This com-
pany that went from Chicago went there armed,
with their arms loaded 
1660
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri will yield a moment. It is not in
order, under the rule, to discuss the merits of a
petition on a motion to refer.
Mr. GEYER. I simply ask, then, that it may
not be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
of which I am a member. If it is, 1 shall have
to be excused from serving on the occasion.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear distinctly what
was the prayer of the petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the pro-
ceedings of a meeting.
Mr. MASON. I heard the outline and the
general idea, but not distinctly the prayer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Shall I state it again ?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The prayer is that Con-
gress will pass such laws as may be necessary to
protect citizens while traveling upon the great
highways of the nation, alluding to the Missouri
river.
Mr. MASON. Congress, I apprehend, has
no jurisdiction over the subject, but still, as it
pertains to the alleged state of things in Kansas,
they may have jurisdiction over it if it is in any
way connected with their territorial jurisdiction.
I move, therefore, that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. X have no objection to
that direction being given to it. I suggested the
Judiciary Committee, thinking, perhaps, that it
would be more appropriate. I do not know that
it has any connection with territorial affairs at all.
The very suggestion made by the Senator from
Virginia, that Congress has no jurisdiction, it
strikes me, is a proper consideration for the Ju-
diciary Committee. I am indifferent as to the
course it may take; and if the Senate think proper
to send it to the Territorial Committee, I shall not
object to it, though 1 think the other more appro-
priate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the memorial will be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
It was so referred.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
George Jewett, executor of Luther .Tewett> de-
ceased, late collector for the district of Portland
and Falmouth, Maine, praying that his estate
may be released from liability for certain public
money lost by the failure of the firm in whose
hands it had been placed for transmission; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the memorial of Rodman M. Price, formerly a
purser in the United States Navy, praying that
Congress will authorize and direct the accounting
officers of the Treasury to credit him with the
payment of a certain amount of money advanced
by him to the agent eff the United States for their
use in California, and to pay over to him the
amount which shall be then due to him, with in-
terest thereon at the rate of six per centum per
annum; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of William
Marsh, praying compensation for his services as
a soldier in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. 1VERSON presented the petition of Robert
Wickham, praying to be allowed an invalid pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Barbara Glo-
ver, formerly the widow of John Smith, a soldier
in the warof the Revolution,praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. "WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of tiie officers, non-commis-
sioned officer?, musicians, and private?, of the Inst regi-
ment of New Yoik volunteers m the Mexican war, on tlie
file* of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Elizabeth Emmons and
brothers, heirs of Uri Emmons, deceased, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nathan Scholfieldi
submitted a. report,accompanied bya'bil] (S. No.
396) for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed. *  
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred House bill
(No. 926) to authorize the legal representatives of
Pascall ]L. Cerre to enter certain lands in the State
of Missouri, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which wag ordered to be
printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
397) explanatory of so much of an act passed Au-
gust 5,1854, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1855, as refers to the payment of the expenses
incurred by the State of California in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in said State; which
was read the first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
DISCOVERIES OF GUANO.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration a bill which was reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations last weel^ and
which was made the special order for a day that
has gone by, to protect the discoverers of guano.
It is one of very great interest to the agricultural
and planting States, and I hope it will meet th.e
approbation of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the "Whole, to consider
the bill (S. No. 339) to authorize protection to
to be given to the citizens of the United States
who may have discovered deposits of guano.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. FISH. I ask that the reading of the bill
be suspended, and I appeal to the chairman of
the committee to postpone, it until to-morrow. 1
have an amendment or two which I wish to sub-
mit, but they are not with me at present. They
are at my house.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.  
DISPERSION OP ASSEMBLAGES IN KANSAS.
Mr. HALE. I submitted the other day a res-
olution of inquiry, which lay over one day. I
have been detained by indisposition for several
days from my seat, and I aslc the Senate to take
up that resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate if any instructions have been
issued to any military officer m command in Kansas to dis-
perse any unarmed meeting of the people of that Territory,
and to prevent, by military power, any assemblage of the
people of that Territory.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
REGISTERING OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the bill (S. No. 237,) reported
by the Committee on Commerce, to amend the act,
passed December 31, 18552, concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships or vessels.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Under its provisions, the fifth section of the act
of December 31, 1792, will be repealed, and the
oath of the ship's husband, or managing owner,
will in all cases be sufficient for ail the purposes
of procuring a register for vessels, as provided in
that act, and in the acts additional or supplement-
ary thereto. This oath is to conform m all re-
spects to the requirements of those acts.
Mr. HAMLIN. By the act of 1792, the actual
owner of a vessel is required to make, an oath be-
fore the register can issue. The practice of the
Government, however, has almost uniformly been
to allow the ship's husband to do the same thing.
It has been found impracticable to carry out the
provisions of the law of 1792. The owner, or
part owner, of a vessel may be the master, and
he may be in a distant port when the vessel sails,
and the registry is desired to be changed; but
under the regulation of the Treasury Department
the ship's husband lias been permitted to make
that oath. This bill is only to make th« law in
