60
appendix to the congressional globe.
[January 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in theTerritories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho.
of
Reps.
Mr STEPHENS. I did not say that.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The impression upon
my mind was that the gentleman did imply this
in what he said. T,,, . T
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir. What I said
WMr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, Mr. Clerk, may
I be allowed to ask the gentleman, in order that
I may be able to understand his position—-tor 1
have some difficulty in understanding him—
whether he believes the Missouri compromise
line to have been constitutional or unconstitu-
tional?
Mr. STEPHENS. I believe that it was con-
stitutional. ,, , . , . ,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, that is what I
understood his position to amount to at first.
Mr. STEPHENS. I believe it was founded
upon the principle of a fair division of the terri-
tory as it was then understood, and as such it
violated no constitutional provision. I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee now again, whether
he would not have voted for it if he had been
h<Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Clerk, 1 can only
repeat what I attempted to say in reply to the
same question a few minutes ago. Had 1 been
a member of the House at that time, my opinion
is, that I would have done what it has been my
uniform habit to do—that 1 would have investi-
gated every question upon which I was called to
vote upon its constitutional principles; and my
opinion is, that upon an investigation such as I
fave to this question in 1850 and m 1854,1 should
,ave come to the conclusion that there was noth-
ing in the Constitution authorizing the Federal
Government to exercise the power of prohibiting
the new States to be formed out of the territory
of the Union from adopting such permanent in-
Btitutions as they chose to adopt when they came
in as States. I should, therefore, have held that
the Missouri compromise was in derogation of
the Constitution; that is, that there was nothing
in the Constitution authorizing such an act; and
that inasmuch as the power is claimed upon that
clause of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to make "all needful rules and regula-
tions" for the territory and other property of the
Union, and inasmuch as a regulation permanently
prohibiting the States to be formed out of that ter-
ritory from acting for themselves when they
took on themselves sovereignty, was nota " need-
ful rule " that Congress had no such power. That
is my present opinion.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman, then, was
Opposed to it, and would not have voted for it. I
understand him to say that he would not have
voted for the Missouri compromise.
Mr. ZOLLlCOF.FER. For the third time, I
will endeavor to make myself definitely under-
stood .
Mr. STEPHENS. I have asked the question
whether the gentleman would have voted for the
extension of the Missouri compromise. The gen-
tleman has been several times-upon the floor, and
has not answered that question.
Mr. ZOLLIGOFFER. My opinion is, that,
bad I been ameitibqr of that Congress, I would
have investigated the question, and that, having
investigated it, I would have come to the conclu-
sion that the Missouri compromise was not au-
thorized by the Constitution; and I would, of
coarse, have voted against it, and sustained the
principle incorporated in the compromise bilk of1850.
j That is what I mean to say, and have, in sub-
stance, several times repeated.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I understand the
gentleman to say that, in 1848, he would have
voted against the whole South, upon the principle
that all the southern members of the Senate and
of this body were more dangerous to the South
than the Abolitionists themselves ! After inves-
tigating and grpping about and looking in the dark
for a light, he would have come to the conclusion
that Congress had no such power, and would have
voted for the principles established in 1850. Sir,
the principles established in 1850 were the prin-
ciples of the South from the beginning. But
when we were looking to an extension of the Mis-
souri line, we had no hope of getting the princi-
ples of 1850. This Missouri line of division was
sustained by the South only as an alternative all
the time. The South took it in the beginning re-
luctantly. But the gentleman attributes to me,
and those who thus sustained* it, the doctrine
that Congress has the general original power to
exclude slavery from the Territories. Now, 1
have said, and repeat, I hold no such doctrine.
On the contrary, I have said to this House and
to the country everywhere, that if Congress were
to exercise such power, I should be for resisting
it. While I was willing to divide fairly in 1848,
and while that was the only compromise I was
for, and while I stood upon the same principle in
1850,1 proclaimed to the country that if we did
not get a fair division, if the North took the whole
territory, I was for resistance. Now, I want to
know where the gentleman is going to stand in
' such a contingency? He thinks, as I do, that
I such an exercise of power would be unconstitu- i
i tional. Suppose a majority of this House should
restore the Missouri restriction, and suppose it
should pass the Senate, and receive the Execvtive
approval, what are you going to do?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The explanation which
the gentleman has amplified to-day is the same
| which he made yesterday,and I am very willing
that he should extend the explanation.
Mr. STEPHENS. The floor is mine, and I
cannot yield it to the gentleman, unless he un-
dertakes to answer my question.
ZOLLICOFFER. I certainly will.
Mr  .
Mr. STEPHENS. Suppose, I say, that the
, restoration of the Missouri restriction is estab-
lished, what is the gentleman going to do? Sup-
11 pose-Congress does exercise the power to exclude
slavery from the Territories—which the gentle- j
K man thinks is a violation of the Constitution—
what is he going to do ? What measure will he
recommend to the people of the South ? What
1 theory of government is he going to act upon ?
! Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I hold that my friend
from Georgia has not the right to make up sup- -
posed cases, and put a catechism to me upon any
wild imaginary hypothesis.
i Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman himself
first commenced the system of catechising on j
supposed cases. He offered the resolution de-
claring that the opinions of candidates should be
known, and followed it up by a long string of j
questions.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir, a hundred of
them; and I want you to answer mine.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. In what clause of the ;
Constitution do you find the power authorizing
Congress to makeafair divisionof theTerritories?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not find it at all. j
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. You have a higher
law, then, than the Constitution?
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir; I do not recog-
nize any higher law than the Constitution. I
have said before, that the government of the Ter- !
ntories was outside of the Constitution, spring- i
ing from a resulting power incident to the acqui- j
sition, and that a fair division was not violative
of it. That is what I said. Now answer my j
question, and I will answer you a dozen more, if ;
you put them to me. My question is, what will ;
you recommend your people to do, provided the
restriction is restored, or Congress does exercise ;
the power of excluding the people of the south-
ern States from an equal participation in the Ter-
ritories ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will do that which a
southern man, loyal and true to the Constitution,
should do when that question arises. 1 do not :
recognize the right of the gentleman from Georgia ,
to interrogate me upon supposed cases which j
may never arise. Upon my record I will answer,
and I hold him to his. When the time shall
come, I shall be prepared to act as a southern
and a national man, regarding the rights of every
section of this Union. Upon the gentleman s i
own record I have interrogated him; but I have
put no question to him as to what he would do
in a supposed .state of things which may never
happen. When the crisis comes upon the coun-
try, I shall be prepared to take that course which
a patriotic man, living in the South, and devoted
to the principles of the Constitution, should take.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the gentleman has an-
nounced to the country who are the best friends
and who are the worst enemies of the country,
and that certain men of the South in the Senate
and in the House, though patriotic in their
motives, are worse enemies of the South than
even the Abolitionists, I think it is but right that
the South should be enlightened as to what his
position would be, if the event I have supposed
should happen.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Do I understand the
gentleman to maintain that the South assumes
the power, and has used it in prohibiting slavery
from the Territories?
Mr. STEPHENS. Southern Senators, and
members of the House from the South, upon this
floor, did vote for a division upon the line of 36°
30', and they did unanimously vote to extend it
to the Pacific ocean. They did it reluctantly, as
an alternative for some show of justice, but I take
it for granted that every one of them did what lie
thought was right, under the circumstances, as
the lesser of two evils; and that none of them
thought they were violating the Constitution of
the United States. But the gentleman says that
those who thus voted were the worst enemies of
the South.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have stated to the
House, and I have repeated it again and again,
that I did not say that those gentlemen who con-
ceded the constitutional power of Congress to
prohibit slavery, were less patriotic than those
who construe the Constitution as I do. I did not
say they were worse enemies of the South. I
did say, that in my opinion the theory, that the
Federal Government has the right to act for the
States to be formed out of the Territories of the
Union, in forming their permanent domestic insti-
tutions, is a theory most dangerous to the South,
and the more dangerous when entertained by
gentlemen living in the South.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman will not
answer my question. Be it so. The South can
judge best who acts upon a theory most danger-
ous to her interests. My position was, and is
this: I was willing to divide as an alternative
only, but a majority of the North would not
consent to it; and now we have got the great
principle, established in 1850, carried out in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that Congress, after
removing all obstructions, is not to intervene
against us. This is the old southern republican
principle, obtained after a hard and protracted
: struggle in 1850; and 1 say, if Congress^ ever
again exercises the power to exclude the South
i from an equal participation in the common Ter-
! ritories, I, as a southern man, am for resisting it.
j The gentleman from Tennessee does not say
j what he would do in that contingency.
' The gentleman upon my left wishes to ask me
j a question.
j Mr. HOWARD. I understand the gentleman
i to say that he was in favor of an equal division
because it was just and fair. He says, the Ter-
ritories, being outside of the Constitution, the
giving the wEole of them to one part, would be
unconstitutional, because unfair.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir, I did not say
" the giving to the one or the other," but " the
giving exclusively to one."
Mr. HOWARD. Was it constitutional to
take from either one of those parties the shave
they got upon tyust division ?
Mr. STEPHENS. No„sir; and that was not
done: the North herself would not abide by the
division contemplated. The idea on which the
line was first established in 1820 was, that Mis-
souri should come into the Union as a slave State,
and that slavery should be excluded from all of
the Louisiana purchase north of 36° 30', .with a
toleration of it south of that line, if the .people
chose. But at the next session of Congress, in
1821, the North voted Missouri out. She was
denied admission oj) the . terms of the act of 1820.
The whole South was for it, and the almost
entire North against it. The North would not
stand" by the compromise intended to give her an
exclusive part. The Missouri line contemplated
division,therefore,hasvirtually been adead letter
from that day to this; the North, or a majority
of her representatives in Congress, repudiated it
themselves: the South never did.; they stood by-
it in 1821., And in order to see whether the North
looked upon it, and cqnsidered it as a living
