1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. of Reps.
principle, and not a repudiated offer to compro-
mise upon the principle of division, the South pro-
posed in 1847 and in 1848, as an alternative in lieu
of the " Wilmot proviso" on the Oregon bill, to
abide in good faith by it. But this proposition,
voted for by every southern Senator and Rep-
resentative upon this floor, was voted down,
again and again, by an overwhelming majority
from the North. They thus repudiated it over
the very territory which we acquired with Lou-
isiana: the same repudiation was again and again
carried in this House in 1850, when the South
was unanimously for standing in good faith by the ■
principle. Therefore the South never even got
the admission of Missouri by their agreeing to
take as an alternative a division on that line, and
we were thrown back, in 1850, upon our original
principles, which were, that there should be no
congressional restrictions at all;but that the peo-
ple settling the Territories from all sections of the
•Union should regulate this matter of slavery for
themselves. That is the principle, as I under-
stood, that the South stood upon in 1820, before the
Missouri restriction was moved. It was the oid
republican principle; it was the principle that the
Congress of the United States could not, on gen-
eral principles, justify and rightly legislate for a
people who are not theirconstitue'nts; and I say to
those gentlemen who call themselves Republicans
upon this floor, that, in asuming that misapplied
title, they do violence to every principle conse-
crated by the name they espouse.
The old republican idea of a representative
Government, acted on in the beginning, was a
very different thing from what you proclaim at
this time. At the time of the formation of our
Constitution, every State in the Union but one
was a slave State; and were they not all repub-
lican States ? The Constitution says, new States
may be admitted; and the only thing you have
to look at, upon the application of any for ad-
mission, is to see that its constitution is repub-
lican in its character, and you, gentlemen, who
call yourselves Republicans now, say that if the
Constitution tolerates slavery it is not republican,
and, therefore, your fathers, your republican
fathers, with slavery existing in every State but
one, did not know the meaning of republican-
ism?
According to your interpretation of the term
they acted upon an idea that would have excluded
every one of the Old Thirteen from the Union but
one—Massachusetts alone could have been a
Union by herself upon your principles. Is it
supposed that the other twelve would have dis-
puted over the character of a State constitution,
to be admitted into the Union, because it was not
republican, if it only embraced the same princi-
ples of republicanism as their own ? I state to
these gentlemen who call themselves "Repub-
lican," that they desecrate every principle conse-
crated by the name they bear, not only in this
view, but they do so again when they undertake
to set up that they are better judges of what is
right in the Territories, and better legislators for
the people of Kansas and Nebraska than the
people of those Territories are for themselves.
They do so when they set themselves up as the
masters and judges of the proper institutions of
the people of Kansas. The people of Massachu-
setts, and the people of the other northern States,
not content with attending to their own business,
set themselves up to.be superior to the people of
Kansas and Nebraska, and pretend that they can
know their interests and determine them better
than they can themselves. Sir, I utterly deny
the republicanism of their pretensions.
Mr. STANTON (interrupting) made an in-
quiry of Mr. Stephens, which the reporter did
not distinctly hear.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am going to bring my
remarks to a close; and 1 would ask the Repub-
licans in this House, and particularly the gentle-
man from Ohio, who objects to my proceeding,
to listen. I read, sir, what Mr. John Q,uincy
Adams, who, I believe, was as violent an anti-
slavery man in his sentiments as any man, said
to the Abolitionists at Pittsburg,'Pennsylvania,
in November, 1843:
" As to the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, I have said that I was opposed to it—not because I have
any doubts of the power of Congress to abolish slavery in
the District, for I have none. But I regard it as a violation
of Republican principles to enact laws at the petition of one
people which are to operate upon anotArr people against
their consent. As the laws now stand the people of the
District liave property in their slaves."
Just upon the principle of its being anti-repub-
lican Mr. Adams would not legislate for the people
of this District against their consent. He aid
not question the power.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) I must make
a question of order. I do not think it advisable,
in a discussion of this kind, that a speech of this
sort should go out to the country without there
being an opportunity first to have it replied to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I shall not trespass on
the time of the House more than a few minutes
longer.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that the
House by unanimous consent permitted the gen-
tleman from Georgia to proceed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league [Mr. Stanton] to withdraw his objection
and allow the gentleman from Georgia to proceed
with his remarks. If we are to have a debating
society here, I will seek an opportunity to reply
to the gentleman, and therefore I desire that he
shall be fully heard.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his objections.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not my intention,
Mr. Clerk, to trespass on the indulgence of this
House, nor shall I do it. I have been brought
into the discussion much further than I had any
idea of when I rose. But there is one remark
which I wish to make before concluding what I
wished to say; and that is in regard to the doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty, of which several
gentlemen have spoken. I think the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Cam,h.is] spoke this morn-
ing—if I understood him aright—of the principle
'of squatter sovereignty embraced in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Now, these terms of " squatter
sovereignty" and " non-intervention" are words
which have been differently understood by differ-
ent gentlemen, and differently by the same gen-
tlemen at different times, as I have stated. I wish
to say that, as I understand " squatter sovereign-
ty" now, and as I have always understood it,
there is not a particle of it in the Kansas bill.
What I understand by " squatter sovereignty"
is the inherent and sovereign right of the people of
the Territory settling on the common domain to
establish'and set up governments for themselves,
without looking to.Congress, and independently
of Congress.
Now, sir, that idea was embraced by some
gentlemen in 1848 and 1850, as part of their doc-
trine of " non-intervention" by Congress; and
with this view I call the attention of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] who
has read from my speech in 1850, when I used
the term "nan-intervention." Many persons
embraced that with the other views in connec-
tion with that term, which I have referred to.
Against that doctrine, with that understanding
of it, I always stood opposed, and am opposed
now. There is not a single feature, not a par-
ticle of "squatter sovereignty" in the Kansas
bill, on that idea. Why,eir, their whole organic
law emanates from Congress Their Legislar-
ture, their judiciary, every department and the
whole machinery of their government proceeded
from Congress; the inherent sovereign, right of the
people to establish a government independently
of Congress is not recognized in a single clause
of that bill. If gentlemen mean by squatter sov-
ereignty this principle, I say to them that there
is not a particle of it in that bill; and I am as
much against it as anybody.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Will the gentleman
from Georgia allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would be pleased to
know whether the gentleman from Georgia in-
terprets the Kansas-Nebraska bill to rive to the
people^ to the legislative body, of the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska the power to abolish
slavery during the existence of the territorial
government ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I answer the gentleman.
I think that the Kansas-Nebraska bill gives to the
people of the Territory, grants to them all the
power that Congress had over it, and no more. !
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Do you believe that I
Congress had no power to abolish slavery in that
Territory during its territorial existence ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I think it would be unjust
and a great wrong for Congress to exercise any
such power.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Do you think it would
be unconstitutional ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I think there is no power
in the Constitution to do it, and it would be wrong
from any resulting power, denying as it would
an equal and just enjoyment of the public do-
main by all the people—and unjust, and tanta-
mount to usurpation to do it. Sir, I was going
to say-that the gentleman holds that Congress
has no such power 
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) Do you
believe that Congress had the power at all?
Mr. STEPHENS. Hear me through. What
! was going to say is, that all the power which
Congress possessed over the Territories on thi 
subject is, in this bill, given to the people. And
the gentleman holds that Congress could not
prohibit slavery. If so, the people then cannot.
Now, what I hold is, that the Constitution is
silent upon- the subject. But any such act by
Congress in the case supposed would be an act,
in my opinion, of gross injustice, and would be
tantamount to an open violation of any of the
express provisions of the Constitution. All the
power, however, which Congress had over the
subject is granted to the people, and they have
got none else. I say this, and that I voted for
the bill with this understanding of its import,
and a determination that whatever the people of
that Territory should do on the subject of slavery,
, whether their Legislatures should pass laws to
1 protect it or to exclude it, or simply leave it
! without protection, I should for myself abide by
] their acts. I was for taking off an odious dis-
crimination and an unjust restriction by Congress
against the South, and leaving the question for
those to determine who, going from all sections
alike, were most deeply interested in it, according
to the principles of the territorial bills of 1850.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not wish to mis-
understand the gentleman from Georgia; and I
therefore ask him whether I am to understand
him as saying that it would be wrong and unjust
for Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territory;
yet that it has the constitutional power to do so,
and that Congress conferred that power upon the
Territory?
1 Mr. STEPHENS. No,sir; the gentleman, it
j seems, wishes to make me say what I did not say.
I never said that- Congress had the power to pro-
! hibit slaveiy in the Territories.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman from
Georgia misapprehends me, if he supposes that
I intend to represent him as saying what I did not
understand him to say.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well, then; do not
make mc say what I have not said.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. It seems, then, that I
misapprehended the gentleman; but that cer-
tainly was my understanding of the purport of
his answer to the question which I put to him.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, then, the gentleman
was not attending to what i did say, because the
whole tenor of my remarks shows that, in my
opinion, there is no direct, or distinct, or original
power conferred on Congress by the Constitution
to exclude slavery from any of the Territories,
or any portion of them; but on the acquisition
of territooy, not contemplated by the Constitu-
te*), a fair division of the country might be made,
as I have stated, between the parties interested,
by way of compromise. I mean to say, I do
not think such division violates the Constitu-
tion; but in no other sense do I hold that Con-
gress could constitutionally agree to the exclu-
sion of slavery from any of the common territory,
or any part of it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That I may not mis-
apprehend the gentleman from Georgia, as it
seems I have done, for I find it difficult to under-
stand him, I must ask him another question. I
understand him to say that in the spirit of com-
promise Congress has the power to abolish slavery
in a part of the territory—say in one half of the
territory. Now if Congress has the power to
abolish slavery in half the territory, has it not
also the power to abolish it in the whole?
