1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
tion requires us to continue in session until an
election is had.
Mr. PERRY. -Well, I withdraw the amend-
ment, and present the naked original resolution.
Mr. SEWARD* I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding, " unless some member desires to
be heard." [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend the res-
olution so that it shall read, "from and after
this day no debate shall be in order until a
Speaker be clected.3'
Mr. PERRY. I accept of the gentleman's
modification, and I move the yeas and nays
upon the substitute.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. Is it in order to move and accept an
amendment while a motion is pending to lay
the resolution upon the table?
Mr. KEITT. I wish to offer an amendment
to the resolution, if it be in order.
The CLERK thinks an amendment is out of
order, inasmuch as the yeas and nays have been
ordered upoiva motion to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is not the resolution
upon which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered. The resolution now before the House is
a substitute for the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Perry.]
The CLERK. The resolution was offered as
a modification, and the gentleman from Maine
accepted it as a modification. The yeas and nays
have been ordered upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, to lay the resolution of the
gentleman from Maine upon the tabic.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman from Maine, if he did not withdraw
his resolution so that I might offer mine ?
Mr. PERRY. I accepted the gentleman's res-
olution as an amendment to mine.
Mr. KEITT. But the trouble is, it is not an
amendment, but a substitute.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Sir. WADE. Upon that X ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. By general request I with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I again inquire of the Chair,
whether an amendment be not in order? As I
understand the question, the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perry] accepted the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] It was not offered as an amendment, but
as a substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Maine, and takes the place of the original
resolution. As such it was accepted by the gentle-
man from Maine. If that bo so, then T inquire
whether or not the resolution now before the
House is not as much subject to amendment as
was the original resolution presented by the gen-
tleman from Maine ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks, that as this
resolution is substantially the same as the original
one, and accepted as an amendment by the "gen-
tleman from Maine, and a motion having been
made to lay it upon the table, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered, no amend-
ment is now in order; but the Clerk may have
made a mistake in so deciding, and submits the
question to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Maine
withdrew his resolution, then it might well be in
order to amend the pending resolution, lor it then
stands as an original resolution. Then- is no
amendment to an amendment pending, and therc-
foie an amendment is in order, or will be, if my
friend from Virginia will withdraw his motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. TODD. Can the resolution be amended
after the yeas and nays have been ordered upon it?
The CLERK. It can.
Mr. KEITT. I am reluctant to throw any
obstacle in the way of the organization of this
House. I apprehend, however, that it is the
opinion of most members here, that a speedy
organization of this House is impracticable. I
take it that the action of the House will be expur-
gated by debate, or some outside influence. The
resolution, then, which I am about to offer is,
that after to-day or Monday—and to me it is
quite immaterial which—all ballots for Speaker
be suspended until the 3d day of January next.
I propose to amend the amendment in that way.
If the House of Representatives should so far
organize to-day or Monday asto elect a Speaker,
nothing more can be done than to go on and per-
fect the organization by the election of other
officers. As I understand, a majority of the
Senate has already left the city, and, there not
being a quorum of" the Senate here, it is impos-
sible for us, even if we organize, to have the
President's message. If this be true, as I see it
stated, that there will be no organization of the
Senate, or, m other word?, no quorum of the
Senate, until after the ^d of January, then I ap-
prehend there can be nothing effected by our ac-
tion between now and then, unless to continue
balloting for Speaker, and, if we succeed in the
election of a Speaker, to go on and elect other
officers of this body. And then the question
arises, is it likely that between now and the 3d
of January we will be able to elect a Speaker ?
I have no objection that the House should meet
just as often and pit just a^ long as it please. If
it desire to expurgate itself by debate, it might
as well be done in this way as not; and perhaps
it is better than any other way. It is said that
the public looks anxiously for the President's
message. That may be so, but I do not see
that any good can be effected.
Mr.BOCOCK. Willthegentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] allow me to make a sug-
gestion to him ?
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, I will make this
suggestion. I know that it is the desire of that
gentleman, and of almost everybody in this Hall,
that we may act knowingly in regard to this mat-
ter; that we should not place ourselves m a posi-
tion where we could be surprised; that we may
not. commit a mistake of which advantage could
betaken. *
Now, the question which arises on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, and which I submit to the consideration of
that gentleman himself, mid to the consideration
of the House, is this: We are acting without
rules. The Clerk knows that, under the rules
of the House of Representatives, a motion to re-
consider a proposition is only m order on the
day the proposition is adopted, or on the next
day thereafter; hut that is an infringement on
the ordinary parliamentary law. We arc now
acting under the ordinary parliamentary law, and
not under the rules of the House of Represent-
atives; and, sir, I take it that, under that ordi-
nary parliamentary law, it is in order to recon-
sider a proposition on any day, and should the
proposition of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina be adopted to-day, a member might on any
day between this and the 3d of January move to
reconsider it, when there might not be a majority
here in favor of it. Thus, the proposition might
be reconsidered and rescinded, and the House
might proceed to ballot for a Speaker. We ou<rht
to act understanding^ in this matter; and I there-
fore throw out the suggestion in order that the
gentleman from South Carolina and the House
may consider it.
Mr. KEITT. I am obliged to the gentleman
from Virginia for his suggestion. I, "too, wish
to act unclerstandingly. I am not disposed to
question the correctness of the lentleman'a prop-
osition, that a majority of the body mny, at any
future time, rescind the action of a previous da;/.
I go still further. I do not apprehend, according
to parliamentary law, or to constitutional law,
that we are confined to a former action of this ,
body. I do not mean to say that, if we adopt the :
resolution to suspend balloting until the 3d of ;
January, that resolution may not be revisedand j
reversed bv a majority of the body at any time; ;
but what I do mean to say is thi^, that if a ma- j
jority of this body had adopted the resolution, a
majority would be required to revise and rescind
it: and whoever in this body would vote for it.
to-day or Monday, and would afterwards—when
on the. faith of that vote members might be absent—
move or vote to rescind it, would be base, hireling,
and infamous [cries of" good!"] and the brand of
public disgrace would stand hissing hot upon him.
And it is because I will confide in the good faith
of members—it is bccause I will not, without the
exigency itself having arisen, charge any man
with such a gross and infamous violation of good
faith, that I shall be prepared to act on the adop-
tion of the resolution or amendment which I have
offered. Any man who would take back his vote
on this subject, and vote to rescind the proposi-
tion, would be base and infamous.
It is true, then, sir, that parliamentary usage
or constitutional regulations would not prevent,
but good faith will prevent, such a thing taking
place, and I am prepared at this time to stand
on good faith.
I have now said all that I mean to say on this
subject. 1 have no personal interest in the mat-
ter, for I can go as well without as with the pas-
sage of this' resolution. I am willing, however,
to disentangle the House as far as I can conduce
to doing so. I offered the amendment in good
faith; but, in deference to my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] I now move to lay the
1 whole matter on the table.
j Mr. WA SHBURN, of Maine. I suggest that
j the amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
| ohna [Mr. Iveitt] is not m order. It has no
! connection with the original proposition of the
| gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Perky,] as modi-
j fied by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
j [Cries of " Read the amendment.")
| The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the amend-
! ment in order. [Cries of " Read it."']
I The amendment was again reported.
| Mr. SHER MAN. I desire to make a statement.
! The CLERK. There is a motion to lay on the
; table, and. of course, debate is not in order.
[ Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order,
j We have no power under the Constitution to
j adjourn until the 3d of January next. The first
j law which regulates the proceedings of Congress
i directs that the first business in order shall be the
j election of Speaker to this House; and thispropo-
j sition before the House is piactically one to post-
' pone the firsr husiiu.^tf of the House,
j Mr. KEITT. My amendment is not that the
j House shall stand adjourned until the 3d of Janu-
j ary, but simply that the balloting for Speaker
i shall be suspended until that time.
J Mr. SHERMAN. But if the gentleman from
; South Carolina will reflect a moment, he will see
j that the effect of Ins proposition is, if adopted, to
j adjourn the only business that s\e can transact
j for a longer period of time than the Constitution
I allows. I know that by passing this resolution
i we do not adjourn the House, but for what pur-
! pose do we meet here nevt, week?
i Mr. KEITT. To debate.
I Mr. SHERMAN. To debate what ? What
i havewc a right to debate5 I say. Mr. Clerk, that
i no business actually can be transacted m this
I House except the election o~ a Speaker, because,
) the law of Congress directs that all other business
j shall follow that of the election of Speaker. That
is the first and only business that we can do; and
we cannot moke any such order except in viola-
tion of the law of Congress. We cannot post-
pone this first, act of our organization until the
3d of January, because the Constitution will not
allow an adjournment for ten days, which this
would practically be
Mr. TODD. 'I ask whether the motion to lay
on the table cannot bedhideel5 If so, I shall
move to lay the amendment on the table. 1 am
in favor of the first resolution as, modified by the.
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman*.] and I am
opposed to the amendment of dm gentleman trOLi
South Carohne, {Mr. Keitt.] : therefor0 desire
that there shall be a diusiou of the question, m
order that we may vote according to our disposi-
tions.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the mo-
turn cannot be divided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gee-
th'Man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman*] offers Ins reso-
lution in the regular form as re in by the Clerk.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt]
offer* his nmendmeiit. Now the point I wish to
make is this 
[One:*, of" Order :"]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Have wo
not, Mr. Clerk, established a rule this morning
that a motion to lay on the table is not debatable?
The CLERK. Y.- , ^ir.
Mr. MARSHALL. And is not that the mo-
tion now pending?
The CLERK, That is the motion now pend-
