02
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Stephens, Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. STEPHENS. J have not used the word
*' abolish " in this connection to-day; but I say no
to his question.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Well, " prohibit!"
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir, I have used that
word, and exclude, and restrict. I now say dis-
tinctly that it does not follow, in my opinion, that
because Congress could constitutionally provide
for the exclusion of slavery over part of the
territory on the principle of division I have been
speaking of, that therefore the unlimited power
exists to exclude it from the whole. I deny, in
toto, the existence of such unlimited or unqual-
ified power in Congress on the subject.
Mr. TODD. Will the gentleman from Georgia
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, also made the
same request at the same time".
Mr. STEPHENS. I will allow both gentle-
men to put as many questions to me as they
please. I will first hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Todd.]
Mr. TODD. I understand the gentleman from
Georgia to assume the position, that the power
does not exist in the Constitution to determine
what shall be the institutions of the Territories
belonging to the United States. Now I desire to
ask the gentleman wherein that power resides ?
Does it reside in the people of the Territories, or
does it reside in Congress ? If it does not exist
in the Constitution, from whence does the gen-
tleman derive it ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think it exists
anywhere, while the territorial condition lasts,
neither in the people of the Territory nor in
Congress. The public domain, while it remains
a Territory of tlie United States, is the common
property of the people of the several States, to 1
be disposed of by Congress, under the limitations
of the Constitution, for the just and equal enjoy- !
ment or use of the people of all the States; and I
there is no general or unlimited power existing 1
anywhere, either in Congress or the people of the
Territory, or anybody else, to deprive any citi-
zen of the United States from going there with
his property, of whatever kind it may consist,
so long as it is a Territory. I have as much
right to go there with my property as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has with his; and
the people of Georgia have as much right to go
there with their property as the people of Penn-
sylvania have with theirs. The unlimited power
to exclude slavery, and that is the idea 1 suppose
the gentleman is upon, exists nowhere in my
opinion.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania seems to be 1
hunting for the power, and because he cannot find
it m one place, he takes it for granted that it must
exist in another. His logic is about as good as
that of the man who undertook to prove that Co-
lumbus was not the discoverer of America; that
this honor was due to some Norwegian naviga-
tors, who it was claimed discovered it I believe
about the year 900, at any rate, several centuries
before Columbus. The reasoning by which this
conclusion Vas arrived at was, that a Norwegian
-vessel, about that time, set out from the coast of
IN or way, sailing west, which was never heard of
afterwards; and the argument was, that those on
this vessel must have gone to America, for if
ter "1 n0t 6 elSC S° t0? [Laugh-
'Mr. TODD. Do I understand the gentleman
correctly I understood him to say that he ad-
vocates the principle of the Kansas an<f Nebraska
bill, because it is based upon the great republican
principle of the right of the people to settle their
own institutions for themselves.
MF' TnnnHEiNS'Yes' sir> on this subject.
r," understand the gentleman to
say that the people have not that right, and that
Congress has not the power to clothe them with
that right. Now, I want to know where this
great representative principle, of which the gen-
tleman speaks, resides, and how it is to be eler-
cised, if neither Congress nor the people possess
Mr. STEPHENS. It is to be exercised by
he people when they form their State constitu-
2PrI ,a',1S my view of how and when the
coi^™ £ be.ProPe,:17 exercised; that is what I
conceive the old republican idea was.
Now, sir, I will hear the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] who desires to ask me
a question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understood
the gentleman from Georgia to say that he believed
that Congress has no power to abolish slavery in
the Territories, but that the power resides in the
people; and again, that the people of the Terri-
tories have no power except tnat delegated to
them by Congress. I understood the gentleman
to lay down these two propositions. Now, the
question I have to ask is this: if the people of the
j Territories have no power except that given to
them by Congress, and Congress has no power
to exclude slavery in the Territories, where do
the people of the Territories get the power to
exclude it there ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The people have, in my
opinion, the power to exclude it only in a State
capacity, or when they form their State consti-
tution. Then they get it where all the States get
it. The people, in a territorial condition, arc but
new States in embryo: this latent power of full
sovereignty, when they assume State form, then
develops itself; as wings to rise and fly, though
latent in the chrysalis, do nevertheless develop
themselves in full beauty, vigor, and perfection at
the proper time. But I have this further to say in
reply to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn.] That gentleman, and I suppose a ma-
; jority of this House, hold that Congress has the
full and absolute power to exclude slavery from
the Territories. Well, sir, if Congress has such
power it has conferred that power upon the peo-
ple of Kansas and Nebraska. I hold that Con-
gress has not such unqualified power; but if it
, has, as the gentleman believes, then the people
; of those Territories possess it under the bill.
This is evident from the language of the bill itself.
" That the Constitution and alt laws of"the United States,
1 wll,clV.lre not locally inapplicable, sliall have the same force
and effect in the said Territory of Nebraska as elsewhere
within the United States, except the eighth section of the I
Act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the 1
union, approved March 6,1820," which, being inconsistent
with the principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in the States and Territories, as recognized by the
, legislation of 1850, commonly called the compromise meas-
; ures, is hereby declared inoperative and void; it bein<* the !
1 true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate slavery I
into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but i
to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and regu- i
late their domestic institutions in their own way, subject i
only to the Constitution of the United States: Provided, 1
I nat nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive
or put in force any law or regulation which may have ex-
isted prior to the act of 6th March, 18-20, either protecting,
establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
I Now, sir, as I have stated, I voted for this bill,
leaving the whole matter to the people to settle
for themselves, subject to no restriction or limita-
tion but the Constitution. With this distinct un-
derstanding of its import and meaning, and with
a determination that the existence of this power
being disputed and doubted, it would be better
and much more consistent with our old-time repub-
lican principles to let the people settle it than for
Congress to do it. And although my own opinion
is that the people, under the limitations of the Con-
stitution, have not the rightful power to exclude
slavery so long as they remain in a territorial con-
dition, yet I am willing that they may determine
it for themselves,and when they please. I shall
never negative any law they may pass, if it is the
, re n a fair legislative expression of the popular
will. Never! 1 am willing that the Territorial Le-
gislature may act upon the subject when and how
they may think p-oper. We got the congres-
sional restriction taken off. The territories were
made open and free for immigration and settlement
by the people of all the States alike, with their I
property alike. No odious and unjust discrim-
ination or exclusion against any class or portion-
and I am content that those who thus go there
irom all sections, shall do in this matter as they
P ,;aos® u"df their organic law. I wanted the
question taken out of the Halls of national le- i
gislation. It has done nothing but disturb the
Font 1CasPCW0r thirtJ"fiv? years or more. So
long as Congress undertakes to manae-e it it
will continue to do nothing but stir u Snta lon
and secuona strife. Thl people caP„dispose
better than we can. Why not then bv
common consent, drop it at once and forever^
y not you, gentlemen, around me, give up your
so-called and so-miscalled Republican ideas of re-
storing the Missouri restriction, and let the people
in the far off Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
look after their own condition, present and future,
in their own way? Is it not much more con-
sistentwith Mr. Adams's ideas of Republicanism
for them to attend to their own domestic matters,
than for you or us to undertake to do it for them?
Let us attend to our business, and let them
attend to theirs. What else keeps this House dis-
organized and suspends all legislative business?
I wished, sir, in voting for the Kansas bill, and
in carrying out in good faith the great principles
established in 1850—that memorable epoch, the
middle of the nineteenth century—and fixing them
as the basis and rule of action on the part of the
General Government in her territorial policy, to
get rid of this disturbing question here, by refer-
ring it unrestrictedly, as far as I could under the
j Constitution, to the people. If they have not the
j power to settle it while a Territory, as a matter
j of absolute right—ex debito justitia, I was will-
ing, so far as I was concerned and had the power
| to (lo it, to give it to them as a matter of favor—
ex gratia. I am willing, as I say, that they shall
I exercise the power; and, if a fair expression of
the popular will—not such as may be affected by
ji New England emigrant aid societies, or other
I improper interference, but the fair expression of
the will of the hardy pioneers, who, going from
all sections without let or hindrance, seek new
lands and new homes in those distant frontier
' countries—shall declare, in deliberate and proper
( form under their organic law, that slavery shall
,j not exist amongst them, and I am here at the
time, I shall abide by their decision. I, as a mem-
ber upon this floor, never intend to raise the ques-
tion of their constitutional power to adopt such
a measure. I shall never attempt to trammel the
popular will in that case, although I may think
such legislation wrong and unjust, and not con-
sistent with constitutional duty on the part of
those who enact it. "Y et it will be a wrong with-
out any feasible remedy, so far as I can see. I
am for maintaining with steadfastness the terri-
torial bills of 1850—the principle of leaving the
people of the Territories, without congressional
restriction, to settle this question for themselves,
and to come into the Union, when admitted as
States, either with or without slavery, as they
inay determine. This principle was recognized
and-established after the severest sectional strug-
gle this country has ever witnessed, and after
u l'(l idea' wht'thcr right or wrong in itself,
whether just or unjust , whether constitutional or
unconstitutional, of dividing the Territories be-
tween the sections, was utterly abandoned and
repudiated by the party that at first forced it as
an alternative upon the other.
The Kansas and Nebraska act carries out the
policy of this new principle instead of the old
0I?e* The country, with singular unanimity, sus-
tained the measures of 1850; and all that is now
wanting for the permanent peace and repose of
the whole Union upon all these questions, is an
adherence to the measures of 1850, both " in prin-
ciple and substance " as the settled policy of Con-
gress upon all such matters. That the people of
all sections will come ultimately, and that before
long, to this stand, I cannot permit myself to
doubt. Let us hear no more, then, of repeal
Let us organize this body upon a national basis
and a national sentiment. Let us turn our at-
tention to the business of the country which
appropriately belongs to us. Yes, sir, the great
and diversified interests of this truly great and
growing country of ours, about which we talk
and boast so much, and about which we have so
^?,8on t0 talkand boast- Let us look to
the fulfillment of the high and noble mission
assigned us. Do not let the party watchwords
. of liberty and freedom" for the black man,
which some gentlemen seem always readv to
repeat, cause you to forget or neglect the higher
objects and duties of Government. These re-
late essentially to our own race, their well-bein?
their progress, their advancement. Let the in
fenor race in our midst take that position for
which, by a wise Providence, it was fitted, and
wll'ch a" enlightened and Christian civilization
m ^e,k I^rent sectl0ns ?f our common country,
may think proper to assign it.
