1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that debate
is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman from
Ohio desire to state correctly what lias occurred
here? On which side of the House does that
gentleman sit? I understand that he says there
has been no speaking on his side of the House.
Is that so?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain myself. A
proposition was made by the gentleman from
Alabama to organize this House. Two days
have passed since that proposition was made.
While it was pending, none of the members who
voted for Mr. Banks obtained the floor, or spoke
on the subject unless by the courtesy of others.
Mr. CLERK. This debate is out of order.
[Loud cries of "Call the roll!" "Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman undertakes
to say that none of those on his side of the House
have spoken. I leave the House to answer him.
They have heard speeches of hours in length
from that very side of the Hall.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table; and it was disagreed
to—yeas 103, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Baielay, Baiksdale, Cell,
Henry Bennett, Bocock, Bovce, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Cauipbull, Carblc, Caiuthei , Ca>kie, Clmsman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson ft. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaigc, Claw-
ford, Cullen, Davidson, Ilcniy Winter Davis, Deuvcr,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Edwaids, Elliott, EnglMi, Eus-tis,
Evan?, Faulknei, Florence, Foster, Uonry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Monison Hams, Sampson W. HarrU, ThoniasL. Hams,
Haven, Ilcibeit, llouoton, Jewett, George W. Jono, J.
Glancy .Toner,, Koitt, Kelly, Kennett, Ividwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMuIhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, On, Paine,
Peek, Phelps, Portei, Powell, Quitman, fteade, Ready,
Ricaud, Richardson, Rivets, Ruffin, P ust,Sandid!?c,Sava2;e,
Sewaid, Shoiter, Annuel A. Bimth, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sliced. Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
Taylor, Tnppe, Undeiwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warnei,
Watkins, Wlutney, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zolii-
coffei —103.
NAYS—Messrs. Al!m«*ht, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billmpiiuist, Bingham, Bishop, Bhs-*, Biad-
shaw, Bienton, Brooks-, Bioom, Butfinyton, Builin^amc,
James H. Campbell, T.owis D. Campbell, Chatlee, Bayaid
Clark, Ezia Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Cragm, Cumbaek, Daimell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Dc Witt, Dick, Dickbon, Dorid, Dunn, Dui lee, Echo,
Emrie, Etheridge, Flagler, Calloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan, Hasnson, IIollo-
way, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Ilow.ud,
' Huahston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiier, Matteson, Meaclmm, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Mor-
fan, Momll, Mott, Muuay, Nichols, Norton, Parker,
'eaicc, Pelton, Pennington, Pcuy, Petnt, Pike, Prinze,
Purviance, Puryear, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stiandhuu, Tapp.ui, Thoim toii, ThurMon,Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Williams, Wood, Woodiuil,aiTd Woodwoith—109.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the tabic.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Clerk, this is a resolution
which will, in all probability, give rise to debate.
I therefore hope that the gentleman from Ohio
willconscntto have the resolution postponed until
Monday, at one o'clock.
Mr. RUST. With the gentleman's permission,
I will offer what I send to the Clerk's desk, as a
substitute for the proposition which is now be-
fore the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That hereafter, until a Speaker is elected after
meeting m this Hall, at twelve o'clock, m., no motion,
resolution, or debate shall be in Older until we have voted
two hours for Speaker; and that after debate on any ques-
tion shall have commenced, there shall be no more voting
for Speaker during that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the"House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. [t is suggested that perhaps the
resolution will be given the go-by. I do not pro-
pose to accomplish any such result. If such is
likely to be the result of an adjournment, the
House had better vote now upon my motion to
postpone the consideration of the resolution until
one o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make my motion with
the understanding that the resolution will come
up regularly in order on Monday next at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. RUST. That can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSH ALL, The gen-
tleman had better waive his motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not do so, unless the
common understanding is that the resolution will
come up on Monday, at twelve o'clock.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that
the resolution will fall with the adjournment,
and cannot be renewed on Monday except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I understand the Clerk to decide
that the proposition will not come up on Monday,
unless it is regularly postponed by a vote of the
House. If so, why not take a vote and allow
the question to be disposed of; it can be accom-
plished in half a minute.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion
to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Humphrey
Marshall and Cumback were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported ninety-six in the affirmative, and forty-
nine in the negative. So the motion was agreed
to.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock) ad-
journed until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 24, 1855.
Hon. Robert Toombs appeared in his place
this morning.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of in-
habitants of Penobscot Rivers, Maine, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Mat-
tawamheay to Nichctou; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Ce-
zaire Wallace, praying for the confirmation of
his title to a tract of land in Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. DODGE presented the memorial of the
register and receiver of the land office at Mena-
sha, Wisconsin, praying for additional compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Michael
Nash, a guard of the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia, praying for additional compensation
for the time lie was employed on other duty in
the penitentiary; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two petition.1?
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Docorah to Mitchell, in that
State;
Also, three petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from West
Union, in that State, to Austin, in the Territory
of Minnesota; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Huldah Butlei,
for the half pay of her lather as lieutenant colonel m the
Revolution, bo withdiawn from the files of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was ♦
Ordered, That the papers m the ease of Jona<; P Levy
be withdiawn fiom the files of the Senate, for the purpose
of presenting them to the Court of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorut) of citizens of Georgetown,
Distnct of Columbia, pr.iymi lor the puichase of Eon est
I-fall for a po-t ofhee and eii?.toni-hou<(;,be withdiawn fiom
the files of the Senate, and lefened to the Committee on
Conimeicc.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, Thar the memoual of Lemuel Worster, praying
for u pension for disability incuned while employed a-, a
waiter to a military offieei m the United States service
duimg the last war with Gieat Bntain, be withdrawn fiom
the files, arid refened to the Committee on Pensions.
REVOLUTIONARY SERVICES OF CAPT. NILES.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask leave to present tlie peti-
tion of Hannah F. Niles, of Norwich, in the
State of Connecticut. The petition sets forth sub-
stantially that the petitioner is the sole surviving
daughter and child of the late Captain Robert
Niles, of Norwich, in Connecticut, now deceased,
and his sole heir-at-law; that prior to the war of
the Revolution the father of the petitioner, Cap-
tain Niles, was engaged in the merchant service
as a shipmaster, and had acquired so high a rep-
utation m his profession, that immediately after
the breaking out of the war in the spring of 1775,
Colonel Mott, the chief officer of engineers at
Fort George, Tiuonderoga, made a request to
Governor Trumbull,then Governorof the colony
of Connecticut, that Captain Niles might be or-
dered to that post with a view of his taking com-
mand of one of the armed vessels on the lake—a
very important service connected with the defense
and protection of that post; that subsequently, in
the same year, in the fall of 1775, Captain Niles
was commissioned in the service of the Colonies,
and ordered to the command of the schooner
Spy, an armed vessel belonging to the colony of
Connecticut, and ordered to cruise on the coast
of the colony for its protection, under a commis-
sion signed by Jonathan Trumbull, then Governor
of the colony—a name closely associated with the
name of George Washington, and with the history
of our Revolution. The commission thus signed
by him, and dated August 7th, 1775, is appended
to the petition.
The petitioner further represents that in April,
1776, Captain Niles was ordered with his vessel
to join the fleet of Admiral Hopkins, cruising in
the service and under the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; that during the
ycjjrs 1776 and 1777 Captain Niles continued in
the command of the Spy and of another vessel
called the Dolphin, and while in the command of
these vessels performed very important services
by capturing various prizes on the coast, which
he brought into port, and which were applied for
the service of the country and the Army, then
deslitute and in great want; that lie was also en-
gaged in the transportation of provisions and
stores for the Army at different points along the
coast between New England and Virginia; that
in tlip month of .Tune, 1778, Captain Niles was
employed by the Government of the United States
to carry out an oflicuil copy of the ratification of
the treaty then recently made between the United
States and France; that he successfully performed
this service, and carried the treaty from the Uni-
ted States to France, and delivered it to Dr.
Franklin, then our lesident Minister at Paris; and
he returned home to his country and made report
of his voyage and services to the proper author-
ities.
This is a brief statement of the services set
forth in the petition by Miss Niles. They are
set forth, Mr. President, without any ostentation
or display. She asks at the hands of the Senate
that some compensation may be made to her for
these services of her father. I may say a word
in addition to the facts thus detailed in the peti-
tion. Captain Niles died in the year 1818, and
died in extreme poverty. He never received
anything from the Government except the de-
preciated pay with which the Government then
attempted to discharge its debts, unless the single
sum of fifty dollars, which was paid a short time
previous to his death, under one of the acts o±
Congress which had then recently been passed.
He died before any other payment under the law
became due. The services which he rendered,
and which are thus imperfectly and briefly de-
tailed in the petition, were of a most important
character—not as brilliant, it is true, as some
that were rendered; but the carrying out and
delivery of the treaty between our Government
and France mast certainly be reckoned as among
the most important sei vices which could then be
rendered. Our Government at that time consid-
ered it a matter of so much importance, that
there were three several copies of the treaty dis-
patched by three dilleicnt vessels. Captain Niles
was the only man of the three who succeeded in
crossing the ocean and in delivering the treaty;
both the other vessels were captured by the ene-
my. Captain Niles succeeded in landing at
Brest, in twenty-seven da^s after he sailed from
the harbor of Stonington, in Connecticut, run-
ning -the gauntlet through the English fleet oif
Brest, where he was chased for a long time by
two English frigates; but he landed in-safety.
He found the French fleet waiting for the copy
of the ratification of the treaty, in order to sail
for this country, and immediately after he landed
that fleet sailed^, and succor came to our shores.
