1S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL' HLOBE.
December 24,
Miss Niles, this petitioner, lives in* my imme-
diate neighborhood—indeed, is one of my nearest
neighbors. She is a most meritorious and de-
serving woman. She is in extreme want. She
is advancing in years, and is in feeble and infirm
health. A. few days before I left home she called
on me, and, with tears, begged that X would say
a word to the Senate in her behalf. I hope but
a single word is necessary to bespeak the favor-
able consideration of the petition. I move that
it bo referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS FOR INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I olfer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That sucli of the private claims as were em-
braced in Senate bill No. 43, of the last Congress, and
which the claimants may choose to prosecute before the
Court of Claims be, and the same are hereby, referred to the
«aiu court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "What are the claims?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Perhaps it would be
/ proper for me to say a few words in explanation
of the resolution. The bill to which it refers is
one providing for the payment, in the aggregate,
of upwards of a thousand claimants for depre-
dations committed on the citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, in 1836, during the Indian outbreak, or
Indian war as some term it. which occurred at
that period. A bill lias been repeatedly before
the Senate providing for the payment of these
claims. A class of claimants, I understand, re-
siding in Georgia—and there may perhaps be a
few in Alabama—desire to refer their claims to
the Court of Claims. I offer the resolution at the
instance of the Senator from Georgia, not now
in his seat, [Mr. Iverson,] to enable those of the
claimants who desire to do so to bring their cases
before the Court of Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they not covered by
the order which we passed the other day ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sir. I desired that
they should not be. I understand that the larger
number of the claimants design to appeal to Con-
gress and not to the Court of Claims. For this
-eason,! requested the committee not to embrace
them in the resolution which was passed the
other day
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems to me that they
are covered by the resolution which we passed
last week.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sir, they are not
covered by that resolution, and were designed
not to be included within it. I will say to the
gentleman that these claims depend on different
considerations. Some are for the loss of property,
others for destruction of crops, others for prop-
erty taken to sustain the army. It is thought
by some that the Court of Claims will have juris-
diction over the cases of those whose property
was taken to sustain the army while engaged in
that war with the Indians, in 1830. The Senator
from Georgia, in whoso behalf I have offered
this resolution is a member of the Committee on
Claims, and he designed that these claims should
not bo embraced in the resolution reported by
that committee, but that it should be optional
with the claimants to bring their eases before the
Court of Claims if they should think proper to
do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the resolution
had better He over. This is a subject which has
been considered by the Committee on Claims,
and they can tell us how far it will be proper to
t o in reference to it
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have no objection to
allowing the resolution to lie over.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution lies over
under the rule.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Thursday
next. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 24, 1835.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The CLERK. The business first in order is
the resolution submitted oil Saturday by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Perry,] the consider-
ation of which was postponed until to-day, and the
pending question is on agreeing to the amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute, submitted by
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rust. J
The resolution offered by Mr. Perry is in these
words:
Resolved, That from and after this day no debate shall
be in order until a Speaker be elected.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Rust is as
follows:
Resolved, That hereafter, until a Speaker is elected, after
meeting in this Hall at twelve o'clock, m., no motion,
resolution, or debate shall be in order until we have voted
two hours for Speaker; and tiiatafter debate on any ques-
tion shall have commenced, there shall be no more voting
for Speaker during that day.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. LEITER.. I desire to say a word in the
way of explanation. 1 did hope that it never
would have become necessary for me, during the
present unorganized condition of thS House, to
say a word of explanation, or to make a single
remark. But it appears to me that there is a
misapprehension on the part of gentlemen with
whom I am acting in regard to my position, and
fearing that there may also be some misappre-
hension in the country, I deem a word of ex-
planation on my part appropriate at this time.
Far some days past two votes have been cast
for me for Speaker, and it may be supposed that
there is something wrong in mj£ position, though
I have been voting here for Mr. Banks as con-
stantly and as regularly as any gentleman upon
this floor. I wish to say, distinctly, that I have
never been a candidate, that I am not now a can-
didate, and that I never will be a candidate for
Speaker of this House. That, I think, will place
me right upon the record, and that is all I desire
to say.
Mr. STEWART. I claim the indulgence of
the House, Mr. Clerk, for a few moments, some-
what in the way of personal explanation; and I
hope the reporters will do me the justice to take
down as accurately as possible the remarks that
I shall have the honor to deliver this morning.
My position, sir, in this House is somewhat
peculiar. I wassentfromthedistrictwhich I have
the honor to represent, under no special or dis-
tinct organization. I come here to represent no
peculiar or special party. I am here, sir, not
as a partisan of any man, or of any Administra-
tion , but I am here to discharge my duty to the
country as a Representative of the people in this,
a branch of one of the coordinate departments of
the Government. Well, sir, what is the attitude
of matters now before the country? Occupying
the position I do I have, sir, voted from the be-
ginning of the session, up to this time, in favor !
of the distinguished gentleman from the State of
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] I look upon him
as a northwestern man. 1 look upon him as
sustaining, truly and fairly, the gieat question
in which I am interested, and in which the people
I represent are concerned. I look upon that gen-
tleman, so far as personal qualifications are con-
cerned, as equal to those of any other gentleman
upon this floor. Distinguished upon the battle-
field, as he has been, distinguished in the councils
of the country—a gallant soldier, and an inflex-
ible statesman, it has given me great pleasure, as
a Representative of the whole people, to cast my
suffrages for him.
Now, sir, wc arc in the fourth week of the ses-
sion. The Constitution of the UnitedStates, under
which wc all act, seems to have contemplated that
this House should be organized the first day of the
session, and without any such extended delay
as this. The act of 1789, passed in pursuance of
the Constitution, and with a view of carrying out
the provisions of that instrument, specifically re-
quires, before any other business shall be trans-
acted, that the House shall be organized by the
election of a Speaker: that the Speaker shall be
sworn by some member of the House; and that
the Speakc4 shall then administer the oatli of office
to the members of the House. Was it ever con-
ceived by the framers of the Constitution, or by
the national Legislative Council of 1789, that, such
a state of' things as this should exist? The Con-
stitution of the United States, in another provis-
ion declares that the State and National officers,
before they shall undertake the exercise of any
trust, or the discharge of any responsibility, shall
take an oath to support the Constitution. Then,
sir, I apprehend that wc are in a most anomalous
position. I apprehend there is a great duty which
we owe to the country. There is a high duty
which wc have to discharge.
In surveying this House, and looking to its
characteristics, we find three great elements com-
posing it. There is this northern Free-Soil party,
there is a party which I will characterize as the
American party, and there is the great .Demo-
cratic party. These are three distinct elements
of power, and three distinct parties. How is
the House to be organized, as long as we occupy
the position which we now do? Now, sir, I com-
mend the spirit which animated the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] when he spoke,
the other day, of the condition of this House, and
of what was due from us to the country. And
I yield great credit to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] for rising, during the
progress of this discussion, and defining, dis-
tinctly, his position before the House, and the
country. No matter what were his antecedents,
no matter what his programme before the people.
As to those, we have no right to ask any ques-
tions. We have only the right to inquire what
his position now is upon the great questions
now before this country. The position of the
gentleman for whom I have had the honor of
casting my vote needs no defining. His position,
defined by his acts, and avowed from the very
beginning, is well known to this country.
Mr. VALK, (interrupting.) The gentleman
will excuse me for interrupting him, but I be-
lieve that a rule was adopted on Saturday last,
that no member should hold the floor longer than
ten minutes. Am I correct in my understanding
of that rule ?
The CLERK. I think the gentleman is cor-
rect, but the gentleman from Maryland has occu-
pied the floor for only five minutes.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to accommodate
myself to the rule which the House has pre-
scribed. But I conceive that, as I rise for the
purpose of making a personal explanation, I
would not be included within the spirit of the
rule, as it is not in the nature of debate. If this
rule, however, applies to me, I am willing to
conform to it.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man comes within the rule adopted by the House
on Saturday last, and that he will be confined, in
his remarks, to ten minutes, unless the House,
by unanimous consent, allow him to proceed.
Mr. STEWART. This is the first time since
the commencement of the session, that I have
occupied the time of the House, and I do not in-
tend to trespass upon the kindness of the House
in elucidating the position I occupy in the pres-
ent contest.
I was about to remark, when I was interrupted,
that the position of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who is supported hereby
a strong party, is not defined, and has not been.
It has been charged that, upon one occasion, that
gentleman, in a speech made by him, used the
language " let the Union slide." I am not in-
formed, nor do I think proper to inquire, under
what circumstances those remarks were made,
but I say it is due to the country, upon the part
of that gentleman, to put himself right upon that
matter, as it relates to the dissolution of the
Union. I cannot, as I stand, support that gentle-
man under any circumstances for Speaker of this
House. I can cheerfully support the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] who is carrying
out the views I entertain, and the views enter-
tained by those whom I represent, upon this floor,
upon the all-absorbing question of the day. But
if the gentlemen from the North stand by the
distinguished candidate from Massachusetts, and
the friends of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
support him, and the advocates of the gentleman
from Illinois continue to sustain him, as they have
done from day to day, I submit to the members
of this House, when is this struggle to terminate?
Now, sir, I hold myself bound, in regard to the
organization of this House, under my particular
position and my views of public duty, to adopt
some practical constitutional mode by which to
' reach a conclusion of this question. There is a
responsibility which wo owe to party, and there
is a responsibility which we owe to the country.
It is not sufficient to charge the responsibility of
this state of affairs upon this party or that party.
"We are all responsible, for every man comes
here under an obligation to discharge his whole
duty to the country.
I said I was not a partisan of the Administra-
