1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
many years in my life I was marshal of the
district of Ohio, and it was so then.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think the reason
assigned by the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] is sufficient to make the important
change in the law which is proposed by the thir-
teenth section of this bill. When Tie speaks of
abuses in distant parts of the Union, I do not know
whether he refers to that portion of the country
from whence I come or not; but I am very sure
he has heard of no charges against the commis-
sioners there; nor am I aware of any inconve-
nience resulting from the union of the offices of
clerk and commissioner in the same person. On
the contrary, as he has charge of the papers and
records, I think the public interest is advanced by
having them united, when they can be, in the same
individual. It would be impossible, I presume,
in my State, to obtain a man to discharge the du-
ties of commissioner and occupyan office, unless
he had some other position connected with it. So
that there is no person who can so well and so
satisfactorily discharge the duties of a commis-
sioner as the clerk of the court who has charge
of the books. If the Senator from Georgia per-
sists in this section, I shall ask the Senate to ex-
clude from its operation the State which I have
the honor to represent. There the offices are
united in the same individual; the duties have
been discharged satisfactorily to the public, and I
do not wish to have any change made. I will
move to amend the thirteenth section so as to
exclude the State of California from the opera-
tion of that section.  
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to my friend
from California to withdraw that amendment in
favor of one which I propose to offer, and which
will probably meet his views. I propose to
strike out of the thirteenth section the words,
"clerk, deputy clerk." So far as my own
State is concerned, I am satisfied that these
officers perform the duties of commissioners bet-
ter'than any other persons who could be found.
We find them exceedingly useful in that respect.
I am perfectly willing to exclude the marshal
and deputy marshal from being commissioners.
I do not think they ought to be. They are ex-
ecutive officers. I will, therefore, if the Senator
from California will accept that amendment,
move to strike out the words, *' clerk, deputy
clerk," from the section.
Mr. WELLER. I am perfectly satisfied with
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read the third time. «
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe it is too late, but
I suppose that, by unanimous consent I may call
attention to the eleventh section of the bill, which
it appears to me requires some modification, which
I submit to the Senator from Georgia.
That section provides for a repeal of so much
of the present law as gives theclerks of the United
States district courts a salary equivalent to |500,
or a sufficient sum of money to make their sala-
ries $500 if the tees of the office do not amount
to that much. I do not know how it may be in
other districts of the United States, but some
years ago a district was formed m the western
part of Louisiana, aad 1 doubt whether the fees
of the clerk in that district amounted to ten dol-
lars a year—possibly they may have amounted
to twenty dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. About five dollars ordinarily,
I see by the accounts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very possible, indeed
almost certain, that you will get no clerk in that
district for the fees of the office. Nobody will
1 accept the office. There must therefore be some
arovision for making that salary equal to an
: pmount sufficient to induce a man to accept it, or
the district must be abolished. You will have
1 a judge there whose salary is ^3,000 or ^3,500, and
^ yet with no marshal, no district attorney, no
: clerk, and consequently a sinecure at $3,500 at the
^ expense of the Government. I believe there are
! other districts in the United States whore the
r clerks'fees do not amount to $100 a year. Itap-
5 pears to me, that in all cases where the officers of
the court or competent persons cannot be found to
.accept the places for the fees, there ought to be
no court, and the district ought to be added to
the next adjoining district. As long as the offi-
cers are willing to take the offices fo? the fees, it
is well enough, but if they are to be paid for
doing nothing you had better abolish the office.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill has now reached a
stage when it is not susceptible of amendment,
having passed its engrossment withoutunanimous
consent; but I am perfectly willing, if the Senate
think proper, to take up that question now. This
bill, however, was framed mostly with reference
to other abuses. I agree with every word which
the Senator from Louisiana has just said. There
are cases where the clerk serves for one day, and
draws five dollars, and sends a requisition to the
Treasury for $4.95. I have seen some of these
drafts in the Interior Department. I doubt
whether it would be expedient to remedy those
evils in this bill. 1 think in such places as those
to whichthe Senator from Louisiana has alluded,
the offices ought to be abolished; but that brings up
other influences, and for that reason I think it
would be better to provide for it in a separate bill.
Mr. BENJAMAN. 1 propose merely to call
the attention of the Senate to the matter. If the
committee propose to provide for it in a differ-
ent bill, I have no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. I agree with the Senator from
Louisiana in his object, but this bill was intended
to remedy other evils against which it provides,
and which are so universal. We can attend to
the other grievances afterwards.
Mr. HAMLIN. I recollect very well that,
when the bill passed to which this is an amend-
ment, there was a discussion in relation to this
very point. I recollect distinctly that it was
found, on investigation, that there were several
clerks who received a compensation varying from
$200 to §500 a year, who were required to keep
an office all the time, and to remain in it—not
that class of cases which the Senator from Lou-
isiana has stated in the western district of liis
State, but officers who had service to render, and
were required to keep an office and remain in it
the whole year, who did not receive a compensa-
tion beyond from $250 to $500 a year. The part
of thai law which this section proposes to repeal
was passed to meet that class of cases, and I think
this section had better be stricken out. The Sen-
ator from Georgia tells us they propose to remedy
these cases by another bill. Now, there may be
a class of cases where the compensation is so
very small as to iTOuce the committee to annex
the'districts to some other, or make some other
provision in relation to the clerks; but the pro-
vision of the law which it is now proposed to
repeal, was designed for cases where the clerks
are compelled to keep an office, and remain in it
the year round, but get only $200 to $300 a year.
This is a great hardship, and $500 a year is
assuredly a very small compensation for these
officers. I think that portion of the bill ought to
be stricken out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that in every case where
there is not business enough to pay the officer
for his services I would attach the district to some
other. It is better to put the suitors to inconve-
nience—because the courts are for their benefitin
j the main—rather than have courts stuck all over
I the United States with unnecessary officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have myself no feeling in
the matter, but I think a wise course of legisla-
tion would lead the Senate to strike out this
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass?"
The bill was passed.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WALLER, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill(S. No^ 124)
to increase the efficiency of the United States
Army.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I move to
amend the bill by striking out, in the item for al-
tering small-arms of old patterns, the appropri-
ation^ #1,250,000, and substituting $500,000. I
move also to strike out the proposed appropri-
ation for manufacturing small arms of new models,
which is $250,000, and insert $150,000; to stride
out the item for ammunition for small arms,
which is $150,000, and insert §100,000; to strike
out the item of $450,000 for supplying ammuni-
tion for sea-coast, garrison, and field-guns, and
insert §250,000; to strike out the appropriation'of:
$200,000 for increasing the capgeityofthe arse-
nals, and insert $100,000; go that if the>bi|l ;be
amended asl propose, instead of appropriating
fi,000,000, it will appropriate only $1 ,800,000.
leave the appropriation, for large guns 1600,000,
because I believe that -is essential. I think, itia
one of the best appropriations that has- been
proposed. The other items I desire to cut down,
and therefore I wove these amendments. - .
Mr. President, when this bill was introduced
there was a different state of things from what
exists now. I do not see the necessity of appro-
priating so largely for the purpose of altering the
old small-arms. So far as large guns are ne-
cessary for arming our forts, I think it would be
economy to buy them, especially as many as are
wanted for the Pacific coast. I believe we ought
to arm that coast as soon as possible; I do not
propose, therefore, to reduce that item of $G00,0G0.
Most of the others I have proposed to reduce
according to the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I cannot consent, of course,
to the amendment of my friend from Virginia,
because I am acting under the instructions of the
Military Committee in reporting the bill; but I
should be very much disposed myself to favor
the reduction of many of the items, particularly
the one in regard to the manufacture of small-
arms. There are, I believe, about three hundred
thousand stands of those muskets now in pos-
session of the States. I do not think there will
be a sufficient number sent in for the purpose of
being rifled and having new locks placed on them
within the year, to justify the expenditure of so
large an amount .as was proposed originally it)
the bill. I say, too, that the state of things under
which the bill was originally introduced is some-
what different from the state ef things which now
6XiSt9
Disguise it, then, as we might, there was a
threatening aspect in our foreign relations, and
we all felt the necessity of putting our eountry
m a proper state of defense at once. The ordi-
nance designed for fortifications is indispensably
necessary in order to supply the forts now in a
condition to receive them. The Senator from
Virginia, I believe, does not propose to reduce
that, or change it in any respect.
I shall be satisfied with the action of the Sen-
ate on this question, although I cannot con-
sent to the amendment, still believing the whole
§3,000,000 could be profitably and usefully ex-
pended in putting the country in a proper state
of defense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the first amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, to strike out $1,250,000 in the clause
" for altering small-arms, including those now in
possession of the States and Territories," and
insert $500,000.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to inform me if
he is entirely satisfied that these old muskets can
be successfully rifled. I have no doubt the hon-
orable Senator has information on that subject.
I have heard doubts expressed by persons whose
opinions I am disposed to respect, as to whether
| these muskets can be successfully rifled.
Mr. WELLER. I can only, in answer to
' that, give the Senator the information which he
can obtain in the annual report of the Secretary
of War, in which it is stated that the experiment
has been i'ully tested. The Ordnance department
report that they have tested this experimen t to
their entire satisfaction. I naturally supposed, at
first, that the rifling of those old muskets must
necessarily weaken the barrel; but on the other
hand, this was met by the fact that they use very
little more than half the quantity of powder used
in the old muskets. The old musket consumed
one hundred and ten grains of powder for  
! charge; as it is rifled with the Mime ball, only
I sixty grains are used; so that, by reducing the
quantity of powder, the slight effect which the
rifle has on the barrel does not deteriorate it or
in,arc it. I can also say to the Senator, that I
have seen the experiment tried myself. I have
seen this weapon fired at two hundred find fifty
and at five hundred yards. At five hundred yards
I regard it as one of the most effective weapons
1 have ever seen fired. That old musket, which
was entirely useless in the hands of our troopei,
by rifling it, and putting on a patent cock with
