THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOH]sT^^{IVEs7 WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1856.
New Series....No. 51.
this bill shall he in full of the per diem compensation here-
tofore directed to be paid to them, and that said persons and
officers shall not be untitled to receive both &aitl permanent
compensation and said per diem.
Mr. HOUSTON. The objection which I have
to that amendment—though I sympathize in the
views of the gentleman from Kentucky—is that
it seems to imply that the Senate intended to give
a double compensation. I remarked that a double
salary was being appropriated, one in the shape
of a contingency, and another under this specific
head. But I do not believe the Senate would
allow a double salary to be paid out.
I supposed that the Committee of "Ways and
Means would have made the explanation which
the gentleman from Missouri has now made, that
two additional officers had been created, and that
would have settled the matter at once.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
discuss the amendment. I only wish to state that
in matters of this kind I have generally followed
the advice of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] and my colleague, [Mr. Jones,] who
is now absent. But as those gentlemen are now
divided, and I am not able to see my colleague, I
do not know how to vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCIIER. If my friend from Tennes-
see will allow me to make a suggestion, I can
relieve his mind. The gentleman from Alabama j
has surrendered, and there is 110 longer a division. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir- j
ginia is just as much mistaken as he has been in \
every explanation which he has attempted to j
make. He is the most unfortunate gentleman >
I have ever seen. [Laughter.] It may be because j
he is upon the wrong side of the House to-day. j
He is like the boy in the new school-house; he 1
has not got the hang of that side of the House '
yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman from
Alabama is satisfied, I will withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was only seeking for that
information which I always seek in reference to
any appropriation before the House, when it is
doubtful.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that there
be a call of the House, so that I may get my
colleague [Mr. Jones] here. [Laughter.] !
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret very much the \
lamentable condition in which my friend from |
Tennessee finds himself; and ail I have to say is, ;
that I wonder that he lias not discovered that he ;
did not know how to vote earlier. J
The CHAIRMAN. Themotionisoutof order, j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw 'my amend- j
ment. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee j
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence j
in the amendments of the Senate, from one to <
fourteen. I ask that they may all be read. j
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows: j
(1) For the compensation of the officers, clerks, mes- :
sengers. and others receiving an annual salaiy in the service
of the Senate:
(2) For the chief clerk and clerk to the Committee on
Finance, $2,431 44.
(3) For contingent expenses of the Senate:
(1) For binding, $11,000.
(5) For lithographing and engraving, $2."}000.
(0) Foi miscellaneous items, .<155,01)6.
(7) For the contingent expenses of the House of Repre-
sentatives :
(8) Foi the completion of the binding of documents
ordered to be printed for the use oi the House. £89 715 56.
(9) Foithe completion of tiie enslaving ordeied at tne
second session of the Thnty-Third Congic&i, $1.">0,000.
(10) For the engraving of maps, charts, and other plates ;
aceompam mg documents ordered to be printed at the hrst t
session of the Thirty-Fouith Congress, $19,000. j
(Jl) For tnrmture and repoirs,^'3,500 ' j
(W) For stationery tor members, f$4,000. ,
(13) For the pay of clerks'upon the land maps for the j
Use ot the Committee on Public Lands, £6,770 80.
(14) For the pay uf nine clerks to committees of the
IIoinp under resolutions of the present session, ,^5,.j0u.
Mr. HAVEN. T wish to make an inquiry. I
see that these items for deficiencies in printing and
engraving amount to over six hundred and nine
thousand dollars. I would like to inquire whether
A1
the committee recommends concurrence in these
items, and if they can tell us briefly so as to un-
derstand them? I would like to know how this
enormous amount stands unpaid and unprovided
for to this time? I do not ask for a long explana-
tion, but I would like to know whether the" com-
mittee recommend concurrcnce r
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do, and that recom-
mendation is predicated on a letter from the Clerk
—document No. 30.
The question was token; and the amendments
were severally concurred in.
The Clerk reponedthe fifteenth amendment, as
follows:
For miscellaneous items, $10,600.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in that
amendment with an amendment striking out the
word "ten" and inserting << twenty." The reason
for that increase grows out of the resolution ap-
propriating that sum to defray the expenses of the
Kansas investigating committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, <*s amended, was con-
curred in.
The Clerk reported the sixteenth amendment,
as follows;
To enable the CIcik to purchase the Statutes at Large
for the tir.e of member ot the House oi lleprefcentatives, per
lesolution of Febmai y yl, lt5'o,
Mr. CAMPEELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in that
amendment with an amendment, which X ask to
have read.
The amendment to the amendment was reported,
as follows:
To pay John C. Rives a balance due. for reporting and
publishing in the Da Jv -Globe the pioeeedmgs of the Ilon^e
ofPiepie&entanvf'b for the second session of tue Thirty-Thud
Congress. 50. " ;
To enabk ihc CK-rk of the IIou?e of Representatives to !| ^  r
pay John 0. Hives for iepoiun<  and publishing m the Daily ij j4"" , i • prepaiaLon of thc^e lepoits, as I
Globe the piocecdings oi the House of Representatives loi h understand it, is now going on. jLhe manuscript
ihe jjr^t se?siou_of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, puor to the   1 • --1 -- •' -• '
first of July, J.^>d, .QJ7.380.
j engraving, if we go on ordering it as proposed by
this amendment. I think myself that it is a bad
rule to commcnce an expenditure of .this, or of
any other character, until there is some estimate
before Congress by which we are enabled to form
an opinion as to the extent of the expense the
Government will incur. I trust the appropria-
tion will not be made till we have some data on
which to form a judgment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think it is almost too late
now to interpose objections to the appropriation.
A large part of the work has been done, even as
to the volumes which are to come after the jirst.
They are now in progress. A part of them have
been executed, founded on the order of the last
House; and I do not know well how to stop.it,
without siviiering more loss by stopping it than
you will by allowing it to go on.
The objection might have been taken, Mr.
Chairman; and it was intimated by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Havek] over the way, when •
it was proposed atthelast session of Congress to
print the Report of the Japan Expedition by Com-
modore Perry. The gentleman from New York,
I say, intimated that it was unwise to print that
report, because the document was not in the
possession of the House. It was admitted that it
had never been before the Committee on Printing
at the time the resolution was introduced. Had
that objection been sustained by the House, it
would have been a good thing for the country.
I say, it would have been well, for tlus identical
work is costing the Government, even in the ao-
propriations now asked for, far beyond what any-
body supposed when its publication was author-
ized.
Now, sir, there is one volume of the Pacific
railroad survey already published. The other
volumes are to contain the reports of the different
officers in charge of the several surveys that were
i To enable the Cieik of the House of Representatives to
pay for one hundred copies ot the continuation of the
Ammls of Congress foi the hbiary of the Hou->e oi lie pi o-
seniativps during the present fiscal yeau $'1,500.
j To enable the Clerk of the Ilou?e of Representatives to
! pay foi the continuation of the Aimnl.- of Congie&s for the
i members of the Thirty-tfceoml Congie-*, n-3.000.
J The amendment to the amendment was agreed
; to; and the amendment as amended concurred in.
I The Clerk reported the seventeenth amend-
! ment, as follows :
j Public Privtirn*.—To supply drfioienmes in the appro-
i priation for printing and paper ordc/ed at the fiist session
I of the Thirty-Third Convicts, £.77,173.
j Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence.
j The amendment was concurred m.
1 The Clerk reported the eighteenth amendment
| as follows:
| To supply deficiencies m the oppropnanon for printing
| and papei of the second session of the Thmy-Tiuul Con-
I sies>&, which deficiencies were ti^nsieired to tne account
j of the fiift session of the TJnrly-Founh Congie^s. in vir-
! tue of the joint resolution approved Febiuaiy 21,1855,
| $244,168 95. *
j Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Wovs
| and Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
i ment.
! The amendment was concurred m.
| The Clerk then reported the nineteenth amend-
; ment, as follows:
i *
! To provide for engraving tho maps and drawings accom- ,
! panymcr the reports of exploiatum* uiui :>urveys to determ- j
: me a Pacific laihoad loiue, $-W.0vW, or so much thereof as ;
i may be nece^ary, and the saul map.-^and diavvmsrs shall i
i be engnivcd to the satisfaction of the Seeietary of W ar. j
; Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways ;
j and Means recommend a concurrence in that ^
' amendment. i
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the adoption of this amendment recom-1
mended by the committee. There is no inform-
ation thatl have been able to get hold of showing
the extent to which the Government will become ;
committed for the expense of this printing and 1
is not completed, so that it is impossible to form
j any approximate estimate of the extent of the
| work. With a good deal of labor, however, the
j chief clerk of the Superintendent of Public Print-
1 ing has arrived at ps near an approximation of
; what we are to expect as possible, and here is his
I statement. It is but just, liowever, to that gentle-
man, to append his note prefacing these estimates.
Office Suitrintendekt Public Printing,
washington, jMarch 31, 185h.
{ Sir: Tn renly toyouis of the 29th instant, I have the
j honot to submit the following detailed estimates of the cost
[ of Commodore Perry's K^poiion Japan, the Pacific Eail-
t road Reports, and tne Kepoitoi'LieuteuantGilIws. Ft should
{ he borne in rinml that the^e are but estimates, and some of
i them based upon very meager inloxination—the complete
|] copy for neithcu of them ever having been in this ofbee.
; i I aUo give \ on, agreeably to yoiu reque -t, the cost of the
i | Reports on the Amazon River, by Lieutenants Herndon and
j. Gibbon.
i; Very lespcctfully, your obedient sen-ant.
WILL. TOWERS,
11 For A. G. SEAMAN, Superintendent*
Hon. M. II. Nichols, Chairman. Committee on Pr
i House oJ IlcprescntuUi cs.
11 Pacific Raihoad Reports.—These reports are estimated
to make six ouarto volumes, one of which has been cora-
:! plcted. The Senate has oidered the puntm? of 12.400
, i copies, and the House 11,320 copies, makiug 23.9-20 copies
lj of oach of s-ix volumes, oi 343,500 volumes,
11 The cost of the lirst volume, which contains no engiav-
; | mgs, is as follows:
i J^etter-presrf printing., ^12.?12 8^
•: Paper..  2l,*2«S 91
Biadi g<«  16,956 23
07
Upon the co<t of the first volume is based the following
"estimate of the enure woik, cu vvjt:
Liettei-press printing     28
Paper       1*27,773 48
1 Binding   113.737 68
! Estimated cost of engraving  -2o9,^u0 00
i Estimated cost ot the enure work, complete. ;fvo7,588 4-2
Mr. Chairman, this estimate approximates aa
nearly to the true ic&ult as to the extent of this
work, and, as to the amount its publication will
cost, as it if? possible to arrive at in the present
unfinished stats of the work.
