THE COMJRESSiaMAL feLep#
December 24,
embrace, the opportunity-to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question. I desire to
know of the gentleman from Massachusetts dis-
tinctly, whether he did state, in a speech made by
him, that under certain circumstances he was
-willing to " let the Union slide?" and if so, what
those circumstances are? I want him to respond
distinctly.
Mr. BANKS. I have said all I desire to say
upon this subject.
Mr. SMITH. Then I wish the country to un-
derstand distinctly, that those who are voting
upon this floor to elect the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts Speaker of the Souse, are voting for
a man who, under circumstances connected with
the present agitation of the country, is willing
to see the Union slide. I want gentlemen to un-
derstand that when they vote for. the gentleman
from Massachusetts, they are voting for a man
w\o is willing to sustain this Uniori slide.
Mr. G-ROW. The gentleman from "Virginia
[Mr. Smith] wishes the country to understand,
that those in this House who are voting for the
gentleman from Massachusetts are voting for
him with the full knowledge that, under certain
contingencies, he would let the Union slide. With-
out stopping to inquire what was the precise lan-
guage used, or the circumstances and conditions
m which it was uttered, I wish to inquire why
this seeming horror at such a declaration ? "Who
that fras had a scat on this floor for the last four
years has not hoard members now voting for Mr.
Richardson declare, over and over, that under
certain contingencies they were ready to dissolve
the Union? That declaration was made but a
day or-two since by the gentleman's own col-
league, and has been repeated by others.
Mr. SMITH. Does the gentleman want me
to answer him ?
Mr. GROW. I have no objection af the gen-
tleman wishes to answer, if it will not comc out of
my time. The congressional reeords show that
members who are now voting for Mr. Richard-
son, and those with whom they are associated
at the South, have been declaring, for years, that,
under certain contingencies, the Union ought to
be dissolved, and they are ready to do it. Why,
then, this attempt to impeach the motives of
those who are voting for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and their loyalty to the Union?
We stand here ever ready to abide by all the
compromises of the Constitution and its guaran-
tees to every section. The conflict in this Hall
and the country is on the true and proper con-
struction of the Constitution. You ask us to
adopt yours as the only true one, which is, that
you have an inalienable right under that instru-
ment to carry slavery wherever its jurisdiction
extends, and, unless we will concede that, you
will dissolve the Union. We deny that the flag
of the country cariios slavery wherever it floats,
and for this northern men are denounced as un-
faithful to the Constitution. Wo only claim the
right exercised by General Jackson to construe
the Constitution for ourselves; and that construc-
tion is in accordance with that put upon it by its
framers by cotemporaneous exposition, and by
the highest judicial tribunals of the land—by the
uniform legislation of the Government for sixty
years—approved by the act of every President
from Washington to Polk, and by the opinions
of the most eminent statesmen of the Republic,
living and dead. While gentlemen of the South j
are constantly declaring, on this floor, that unless
we adopt their construction of the Constitution,
and permit them to carry slavery wherever the flag
of the country floats,they will dissolve the Union,
why this attempt to create a false alarm when a
northern man says what is true, that in certain
contingencies the affections of all good men would
be weaned from the Union? and in that case, of
coursc, it would fall to pieces,
Mr. RUST, (interrupting.) Mr. Clerk, I must
claim the floor.
The CLERK, The Clerk will say to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas that he has not been rec-
ognized as entitled to the floor.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from Hew York
[Mr. Matteson] yielded me the floor to speak
upon my substitute, and I have not given it up.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Grow] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW. Sir, who that has listened to
the debate in this Hall for this session, without
referring to the records of the past, has not heard
the dissolution of the Union proclaimed, under
certain contingencies, and that they were ready
to do it? And yet, sir, these are the men who
arrogate to themselves the nationality of the
country. They are the men who tell us that no
man is entitled to the position of nationality who
does not construe the Constitution to give the
slaveholder the right to carry his slave wherever
the jurisdiction of the Constitution extends. Sir,
we denythat construction, and appeal to the Con-
stitution itself—to the exposition of its framers—
to the decision of tl^e courts, and the uniform
action of the-Government for sixty years, for our
vindication; and we yield to no man in devotion
to the Union, and loyalty to all its compacts.
Mr. RUST. I am,one of those who believe
that the only legitimate business of this House
now is to elect a Speaker, and that all debate not
tending directly to bring about that result is out
of order. Ancl I must say that the character of
the debate to which we have listened for the last
few days convinces me that if it is not out of
order, it ought to be. My resolution is this:
Resolved, That hereafter, until a Speaker is elected, after
meeting m this Hall, at twelve o'clock, m., no motion,
resolution, or debate shall be in order until we have voted
two hours for Speaker; and that after debate on any ques •
tion shall have commenccd, there shall be no more voting
for Spealcei during that day.
You will perceive that I have offered this in a
spirit of compromise. I have provided that we
.snail vote for two hours every morning.
Mr. STEWART. Why not say take two
votes every morning?
Mr. RUST. JN"o; I prefer the resolution as it
stands. I say let us vote for two hours every
day. After that, when the floodgates of debate
are open, let those who choose absent themselves,
without submitting us to the risk of having a
Speaker elected by a mere majority of a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table. Let us dispose of it at
once, ana then go to voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. On Saturday last there was a motion
made to lay the original resolution on the table.
The vote was taken by yeas and nays, and the
House refused to adopt the motion. Since that
time the gentleman from Arkansas has submitted
his substitute. It seems to me, therefore, that
according to the lules of parliamentary law, and
common sense, a motion to lay on the tabic now
is out of order—the House having virtually re-
fused to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Clerk, T do not under-
take to reconcile the gentleman's common sense
with the rules of the House. It is enough for
me that the rules of the House are otherwise.
They may be wrong; but I do not think they
are.
Mr. ORR. This is a new proposition. The
amendment makes the proposition a new one. It
is, therefore, in order to make a motion to lay
the amendment and resolution on the table.
The CLERK. That is the opinion of the
Clerk. The Clerk therefore entertains the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Clerk, I have but a
word to say in reply to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] I deny the conclu-
sion from his remarks that the opponents of the
resolution may have the right a dozen times to-
day, if they choose to do so, to move to lay it
on the table, after intervening business has been
transacted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the motion to
lay on the table may not be agreed to, so that
the House may be brought to a direct vote on the
original proposition.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
the resolution and amendment on the table.
The yetis and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Matteson were appointed.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table; and it was agreed to, the tellers
having reported—ayes 96, noes 75.
So the resolution and amendment were laid on
the table.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
Mr. I3ARCLAY. Mr. Clerk, I beg the indul-
gence of the House for a fewmoments. I desire
tp hear read for the information of the body the
resolutions which were sent to the Clerk's table
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart . ]
I do not propose to submit any remarks, but only
that the resolutions shall be read by the Clerk, or
myself, during the ten minutes which I am allot-
ted under the rule.
Mr. STEWART. I %m obliged to the gentle-
man. I only ask that my resolutions may be
read for the information of the House. If they
do not meet with the approval of members, let
them be laid upon the table.
There was no objection; and the resolutions
were read by the Clerk, as follows:
1. Resolved, That this House isin favorof the union of all
the States, upon the basis of the Constitution, without re-
gard to sections, North, South, East, or West; and believ-
ing the continued agitation of the " slavery question" to be
dangerous to the harmony and perpetuity of the Union, we
are opposed to the restoration of what is commonly known
as the u Missouri compromise line."
2. Resolved, That the States composing this confederated
Republic are essentially and absolutely equal m all their
rights and privileges, within the scope of the Constitution; -
and that said States have no right to impose conditions
or restrictions upon any new States proposing to be ad-
mitted into the Union, not applicable to those already form-
ing a component part of the Confederacy; that such an
attempt would be subversive of that order and uniformity
of equality which is of the very essence of coequal sover-
eignties ; that as a necessary consequence, according to the
judgment of this House, the application of anv State for
admission into the Union should be considered without
reference to the question, whether slavery, as recognized
in the Constitution of the United States, exista as a part of
the organic law of said State or not.
3. Resolved, That all efforts on the part of individuals or
States to confederate together, for the purpose of embark-
ing upon any enterprise or crusade to disturb the consti-
tutional rights of any one or more States, are in direct
conflict with the solemn duty incumbent ifpon all good cit-
izens to support the Constitution and laws m pursuance
thereof, are disloyal to that paramount allegiance they owe
to the Union, and ought to be discountenanced by every
lover of Ins country and her well-regulated institutions.
4 Resolved, That all the citizens of this Government
have the unquestionable right to the full and perfect enjoy-
ment of their civil and religious liberties; atidjill attempts
to interfere therewith are against constitutional right and
privilege, and the enlightened spirit of the age in which we
live, and ought to be discouraged.
5. Resolved, That every Representative on this floor is but
a trustee for the people, and is bound to discharge his duty
according to the requirements of the Constitution and the
laws. That this House ought to be fully organized and
prepared to dispatch the business of the session without
delay; and that every member thereof, as a primaiy duty,
should make every reasonable effort for that purpose; that
all minor or collateral differences of opinion should be sub-
ordinated to the performance of this great duty, which wc
all individually and collectively owe to ourselves and to
the country.
6. Resolved, That all of the fiiends of the Constitution
and the Union, and who are in favor of maintaining our
constitutional nationality, and opposed to sectional agita-
tion and aggression upon the lights of any quarter, upon
the basis of the foregoing resolutions, may, in a spirit of
amity, compromise, and concession, unite in the organiza-
tion of this House, irrespective of any outside issues before
the people, regarding the former as paramount and vital
considerations, in this stage of our proceedings, in special
reference to the speedy oiganization of this House.
7. Resolved, That this House is opposed to any member
beingelected as the Speaker thereof unless he is willing to
stand by and maintain in good faith the union of the States
upon its constitutional basis, regaiding no North, South,
East, or West, but who will endeavor, in a spirit of proper
concession, as far as he has power and authority, in the ap-
pointment of committees or otherwise, to secure to each
and every section all of fts constitutional guarantees firmly
and unequivocally.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suppose that
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Stewart]
cannot desire us to vote upon those resolutions
without discussion. I suppose, also, that he does
not believe that there can b'e a full discussion of
them within the ten-minute rule. Inasmuch,
therefore, as it is manifest that we can have no
discussion upon these resolutions, I move that
they be laid on the table,
Mr. RUST. I move that they be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, when a Speaker is elected.
Mr. WASHBURN. There is no such com-
mittee.
Mr. RUST. There will be one when a Speaker
is elected.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Mary-
land will be kind enough to accept the following
as a substitute for the series of resolutions he has
'proposed, I may feel disposed to vote for them.
I submit them to his consideration:
Resolved, That this House earnestly disapproves of any
attempt, open or covert, to annex the Island of Cuba to this
Republic.
Resolved, That it would heartily approve of the annexa-
tion of that part of Oregon which was surrendered to Great
Britain by the Administration of James K, Polk.
