802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
The gentleman from Georgia [Air. Cobb] ob-
jects to any appropriation for the continuance
of the engraving for this work. Now, sir, it is
impossible to say, taking the orders that have
been given for this engraving into consideration,
whether it would be necessary to continue the
engraving or not. The difficulty, as I have before
stated, is that the manuscript has never been
furnished the House. It is not now in the handy
of the Superintendent of Public Printing. There
is no one who can tell—not even the persons who
have in charge the preparation of the reports—
when the work will he brought to a conclusion,
or what will be its extent. According to the esti-
mates that have been furnished, it will make six
volumes of the size of the volume already deliv-
ered; and that is all we know about it. But, sir,
the contracts have been made for the wood en-
graving; and I suppose the maps and illustrations
are being engraved as the work progresses. And
if you stop the appropriation now, you cannot
tell where you are striking, nor what will be the
effect. As I have stated, according to my under-
standing, the contracts have already been made
and the work partly executed. i
The only course that I can see that we can j
properly pursue is now to make the appropria- j
tion asked for, and bring the matter to a conclu- i
sion as speedily as possible. If tiie House can j
in any way indicate to the persons who are pre- |
paring the work that they are to abridge it as i
much as possible, I think it is the best thing we !
can do. i
Mr. QJJITMAN. Would not the bestindi-j
cation the House could give of its wish upon the !
subject he to refuse to furnish the means for car- 1
rying on the publication? j
Mr. NICHOLS. That is a question for the j
House to decidc. I wish now to call the atten- !
tion of the committee to some other matters in '
connection with this subject. I suppose, perhaps,
this may be as good a lime as any. I dislike very
much to tiespass upon the time of the House
when the matter is not dircctly before them.
Mr. PHELPS. This is the proper time.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have before me the resolu-
tion passed by the last House of Representatives
under which the Japan work and tins work was
commenced. Some conversation ensued at the
time the resolutions were introduced, but no seri-
ous objection was raised. No question was asked
except the one to which I have alluded. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] raised
the objection as to the Japan expedition, whether
it was proper for the House to order the printing
when the manuscript was not in its possession ?
But it was the belief of the Committee on Print-
ing—and every member of the House supposed
the work would speedily be completed—that it
would be very limited in extent, and that the mat-
ter of its publication was one of small consequence
so far a3 the expense was concerned. No member
of the House at the time the resolution was
copies for the House, making 13,920 copies, or 27,840 vol-
umes. The cost is as follows:
Letter-press printing 
-Paoer ...♦     ........ lo,bJy 4y
$83,332 33
or three dollars per volume.
The residue of this work—comprising meteorological and
other observations —is estimated to make four quarto vol-
umes. There are to be printed for the Senate 2,400 copies,
and for the House 3,520 copies, making 5,920 copies of each
volume, or 23,680 volumes in all. The cost is estimated as
follows:
Letter-piess printing  $36,860 00
pA er     13.408 00
Binding    19,168 00
Making the cost of the four volumes  §89,536.00
Add the cost of the two volumes already
completed, as above    83,332 33
Making the aggregate-cost of the work... .$152,8b8 33
I propose to introduce a statement of the cost j
of a work of a different style, ordered by the last \
Congress, so that gentlemen may draw their own ,
inference. Every member can then readily see i
to what the increased cost of public printing is to
be attributed. The estimate is as follows:
4. Reports on the Amazon River-—In 1854, the House of
Repios-cntatives ordered the printing of tinny thousand
oopu't* of each of the reports of Lieutenants llerndon and
Gibbon, of an cxploiation of the valley of the Amazon
nvci, m octavo form, winch cost as follows:
For Ilcrndon's Report.
Lette/-pre>s printing ....
<$2,983 82
]'apVr........ f.  3,17801
I'ngravings   1 ^
Binning, (in two volumes)  7,72o 00
Total coat, (about 95^ cents per copy).... $=28,636 83
For Gibbon's Report.
I.ctter-prcps printing  J$2,787 26
Pap^r   4.298 66
Engravings  16,168 14
Ihndmg, (in one volume)    3,975 00
Total cost, (about 90X cents per copy).... $27,229 06 !
In cnch case, in the foregoing estimate*, the con of the
paper unon winch the engravings are printed is included m
the cn-;?, of engravings.
This statement will enable every gentleman to
draw a parallel between the cost of the ordinary
octavo printing of Congress, and that which has
been adopted since the first session of last Con-
gress, when authority was given to the joint
Committee on Public, Printing to change the style
of the work from octavo to quarto. This depur- 1
ture from the former style it is that has increased
the cost of the public printing. I wish gentle-
men to bear in mind that this question of print-
ing is one which involves many details. From
the estimates they will see that, so far as the print-
ing is concerned, it is a matter of small moment.
Although these immense expenditures have been
_ .... ... „.iS, xmjwamhw. . made for the execution of particular works, yet
passed had the most distant idea that they were |! they are not to be attributed to the printing, but
ordering the publication of a work that was to :j to the style and manner of the execution of the
extend over six quarto volumes full of maps and :j works, to the cost of engravings, maps,&c., and
illustrations, and that years would be required to Ij to the binding necessary to carry the work,
complete it. |j Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand the gen-
But there were other works ordered to be I' tinman to say that the liberty has been allowed
printed about the same time, and similar in elm- ! to the Committee on Printing to alter the contract
racter. They ordered the report of Commodore ,! made for the execution of these works.
jl Mr. NICHOLS. Not that; but that, at the first
j session of the last Congress, a joint resolution
■ was passed to authorize the Joint Committee on
1 Public Printing, when they deemed it necessary
to do so, to change the form of the book from
i octavo to quarto. This discretion, vested in that
| committee, has, in my judgment, been the cause
■' of the increased expenditures for the public
j: printing. I propose to show the actual cost, so
|j for as ir hns been in the power of the committee
to ascertain it from the Superintendent of Public
Priming, the Departments, and elsewhere—the
i' cost for the mere printing for the last fiscal year.
i| The printing of the Senate cost $54,006 78; and
ij of the House of Representatives, $74,430 89.
" Then we have the printing for the various De-
partments under the superintendence of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, or of the Depart-
ments themselves, amounting, in the aggregate,
to $179,041 40—not much more than one half
what it will cost to illustrate the Japan expedition
alon%.
This, Mr. Chairman, is the total of printing)
Perry upon the Japan expedition to be printed.
X send to the Clerk's desk the estimates made
out in the office of the Superintendent of Public
Printing of the cost of that work.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commodore Perry"s Report on Japan.—U is estimated
t that this! work will mako tour quarto volume-, at <111 aver-
age cost ot twenty dollars per copy,complete. Tne Senate
ha=5 ordered the punting ot" 6,400 copies, and the House
12,020 copies, making 18,420 copies, or 73,600 volumes.
The estimated co*t, m dutaii, is as follows:
Letter-press printing   $32,196 00
Paper  42.335 00
Engravings 233,400 00
Binding  60,0b8 00
For 73,600 volumes, complete $388,000 00
I would also state that I have estimates of the
cost of the report of Lieutenant Gilliss. The
appropriations are about the same, and I here
append them:
Report of Lieutenant Gilliss.— The nairative portion
of this work has been completed in two quarto volumes.
There were 6,400 copies printed tor the Senate, and 7,520
for the last year. Itincludes the first two volumes
of Gilliss' report, and the first volume of the Pa-
cific railroad surveys. Thus we have, according
to this report:
Forprinting, for the year endmgMarch 5,1856, for both
blanches of Congress $1-28.437 67
For binding  150,327 90
For paper  167,o21 03
Engraving  127,994 00
Making a total of   $574,280 60
of which only $128,437 67 is chargeable to print-
ing. The estimates I have furnished show the
proportion that the printing bears to the entire
cost of the works therein estimated.
I have only to say, Mr. Chairman, that the ori-
ginal design of the public printing—that of furnish -
mg to the people information within the reach of
the Government in a cheap and useful manner,
will be perverted by the change to these more
expensive, and no more important works. The
printing department is a useful department, but it
should be made useful and not ornamental: it
should be devoted to the benefits of the people,
and not to the purposes purely of scientific men
and the public libraries of the country .
Resolutions have been passed calling on the
Committee on Printing to report on these matters.
They are preparing their report, which will ha
soon sent to the House. In the mean time, I will
refer gentlemen to the report of the Superintendent
of Public Printing, where they can make the com-
parison which I have alluded to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, and the facts
which he has brought to the knowledge of the
committee, show the correctness of the opinion
on which I acted in committee, and presented to
the House, of the impropriety of voting these ap-
propriations until we have some information upon
which we can make a proper estimate of the prob-
able expenditure which the Government will have
to incur. We are now asked for an appropriation
of some $50,000 for the purpose of engraving the
maps and drawings connected with the explora-
tions and surveys of the different Pacific railroad
routes.* Until the gentleman from Ohio read the
letter addressed to him, which has not been in
the possession of the House up to this time, there
was no information whatever of the amount of
expenditure that the House was about to incur.
Fifty thousand dollars are asked; and it seems,
from the information obtained by the Committee
on Public Printing, that this item alone will cost,
if I understood the gentleman correctly, some
$233,000.
Mr. HAVEN. That is only a guess. "We
have appropriated some $200,000. This is for
$49,00(5 more. The gentleman from Ohio cannot
say where it will end.
Mr. COBB. We had no information before.
This is a mere estimate of the Superintendent
of Public Printing; and it is proposed to take
this engraving out of the hands of the superin-
tendent, and to place it in those of one of the De-
partments, from which Department no estimate
has been received. The truth is, if we make this
appropriation without information, there is no
telling where the cost will end. It seems that we
have become involved in this publication, and it
is seriously proposed to discontinue it. I regretted
to hear the gentleman from Ohio say, that he is
m favor of the continuation of it.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. COBB. I am happy to know it. The
gentleman from Ohio stated that he could not see
how we were to get out of it. A previous Con-
gress commenced this expenditure. We are
acting in the dark. We are asked for $50,000.
The estimate is that the cost will be ^200,000
more. The probability is that the cost will be
much greater. "What is to be done? My idea
is, and my vote will be controlled by that con-
sideration, to withhold the supplies. I will vote
not a dollar; and, if we intend to curtail the ex-
penditures of this Government, we must lay down
the rule, and act rigidly up to it, that, until the
| proper officers of the Government, and those
into whose hands moneys for disbursement are
placed, furnibh estimates which at least approx-
imate to the expenditures which the Government
will ultimately be required to make, we will not
i appropriate a dollar. I shall act on that principle
