1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain-—Mr. Cass.
Senate*
in the throats of some. His present record, I am
sure, will stand the test with my constituents.
But, recurring to the immediate question of
organization, 1 say the Democratic party (asthey
contend, the only national party of the country)
have not shown such anxiety for its organiza-
tion as was demanded of them by their position
as supporters of the Administration, now some
three years in power. I say, a greater responsi-
bility does, for this reason, (that they have pos-
session of the Government, and are bound to
carry it on,) rest with them than with any other
party or body of men in this House; and that
they have not done what was demanded of them
under the circumstances, to wit: made every effort
in their power consistent with sound principle to
effect an organization; on the contrary, they have
made no effort whatever at conciliation—not the
first step in the right direction towards securing
this desirable result. I am willing that this as-
sertion shall go forth to the country. I desire
that it may; and I think, if time and my strength
would permit, I could sustain the proposition
satisfactorily. Have they offered us as a com-
- promise man my colleague, Mr. Caruthers, the
friend at my side, an old-line Whig, now acting
with themselves, and voting for Mr. Richard-
son, as he thinks it is his duty and has a right
to do in the present crisis of affairs; or, on the
other hand, have they presented us my colleague,
Mr. Porter, another old-line Whig, who has been
acting with the Americans, the National Amer-
icans, on this floor, who, though he is with, is
not of them, and, therefore, ought to be unexcep-
tionable to them, and might have been so to a
majority of the House ? I ask, have they offered
either of these, or made any other effort, in the
spirit of conciliation towards an organization?
They have not; and the country will hold them
accountable for their shortcomings, and respons-
ible for resulting ills.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"] If
there is no objection, the gentleman will proceed
fir it ii hj.o Mmnrlra
Mr. KENNETT. I will not trespass further
on the time of the House; I have done.
OUR RELATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
SPEECH OF HON. LEWIS CASS,
OF MICHIGAN,
Iif the Senate of the United States,
Monday, January 28,1856.
On the motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign Relations the Letter of Lord John Rus-
sell, respecting the construction of the Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty.
Mr. CASS said: Mr. President: No man, who
has read the President's annual message, can fail
to see that our relations with England are in a
critical condition. In that able and statesmanlike
paper, the Chief Magistrate has spread before
the country and the world, a statement of our
affairs with various nations, and especially of
our affairs with England. The whole exposition
is plain and comprehensive; but it is with the
latter, only, that 1 have any concern upon the
present occasion. And there I find the facts true
and clearly stated, the principles urged with force
and justice; and, while the indefeasible preten-
sions of England are exposed' with a power of
truth and reason, which will carry conviction to
every unprejudiced mind, there is a tone of firm-
ness pervading the document, and within the
limits of a proper national comity, which be-
comes the constitutional representative of this
freat Republic in its intercourse with the other
'owers of the earth.
And I have read, with much gratification, the
dispatches which have issued from the State
Department in relation to this controversy; and I
find them marked with signal ability. It must
be a satisfaction to the country to see, that its
important interests are committed to such able
management; and I will add, as a mere act of
justice, that the papers, which- have found their
way ta the public from that Department, during
administration of the. present Secretary, may
favorably compare with the official papers of the
most eminent of his predecessors.
And I fully concur in the encomium pro-
nounced the other day by the honorable Senato-
| from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,} himself a comr
! petent judge, upon the distinguished Minister,
j who has conducted our negotiations at the Court
i of London. His letters to Lord Clarendon, and
I especially his statements, first explaining our
case, and next examining the case of England,
! are models of diplomatic correspondence, clear,
cogent, conclusive, and I believe have been read
i with pride and pleasure through the whole coun-
try. And I trust, sir, that the public press has
| already conveyed to Mr. Buchanan evidence of
j the warm appreciation of his. fellow-citizens. An
| American Representative abroad is often placed
, in positions of difficulty and responsibility, where
: the support of his. countrymen is not only his best
i reward, but his best encouragement. I have
| found myself surrounded 'With such circumstances;
and one of the proudest days of my life was the
day, when information reached me, that upon a
memorable occasion I had been weighed m the
balance by my fellow-citizens, and found not
wanting.
Entertaining the views I have expressed of the
President's message, I regretted to see, in a highly-
esteemed and intelligent journal of this city, which
I have read with interestforalmosthalfacentury,
the National Intelligencer, and for whose editors
I have a warm personal regard, comments upon
the tone and temper of portions of that document,
which seemed to me marked with an undue seve-
rity of criticism. I do not propose to examine
them, and refer to the article principally for the
! purpose of quoting a single paragraph. Before
i doing so, however, I ask attention to an expres-
I sion, which conveys a forcible image, but one I
! consider wholly inapplicable to our position. That
] expression which contains mueh m little is, that j
" we are drifting into difficulties." Sir, I do not
thus understand the circumstances, with which we
are surrounded. In my opinion, our noble ship
is upon her true course, and our pilot is doing his
duty. If difficulties are before us—and I believe
they are—we are neither drifting towards them,
nor they towards us. They are designedly placing
themselves in our way, and it would ill become our
self-respeet, or our honor, to change our course
with a view to avoid them. The maneuver, even
jf resorted to, would be but a temporary escape,
and we should find, that, while we had lost our
character, we had not gained the poor reeom-
I pense of safety for dishonor.
| The Intelligencer, speaking of warnings it had
I given, says they were " warnings prompted by
| observation of the increasing prevalence of a war
; spirit amongst the politicians of the day, against
! indulging this martial propensity to the extent of
| giving countenance, much leas, confidence, to any
I Administration, or to any party, now or liere-
I after, which may show a disposition to make
capital by fomenting national jars into national
hates, or nursing into causes of war every ad-
ventitious dispute or controversy, great or small,
such as are of every-day occurrence in the family
of nations, and from which the United States
would in vain hope for any exemption."
Sir, I am sorry to see these remarks in such a
justly influential journal, not so much on account
of the language, for it is guarded, but on account
of the spirit, which pervades the article. Should
trouble come, that paper will be a faithful co-
laborer in its country's cause; but, in the mean
time, such intimations are unfortunate, for they
tend to cast doubts upon the motives of public
men, and to render them distrusted. During
many years, I have observed that everjr one has
been exposed to similar imputations, who looked
steadily at the proceedings of other nations, and
was prompt to observe and denounce injurious
or insulting conduct towards us. it seems to be
thought, with some, to be the dictate of caution,
if not of wisdom, that the public eve and. ear
should be kept almost elosed, lest the country
should become too sensitive, and something worse
might happen, as though there could be anything
worse than national disgrace. I do n^t recollect
a single controversy .we hav# had with a foreign j
Power, since I have been on the stage of action, i
when these ungracious ohwijfeii have not eome to [j
weaken, if not to deaden, the inspirations of
patriotism. Certainly, sir, to observe vigilantly
the conduct of foreign nations towards our coun-
try, and to expose their injustice, is not to desire
or to demand a war upon all occasions-. The idea
i# utterly unfounded. Grave events, the gravest,
only can justify hostilities, but far short of such
events may there be others calling for examina-
tion and exposure. It seems to me, sir, that the
propensity to doubt the justice of our owri cause
is almost an American idiosyncrasy, for I do not'
helieve it is equally prevalent among any other
people on the face ofthe globe. I have more than
once before been, and shall now again be, exposed
!. te similar obloquy. But neither its advent nor
1 its apprehension has deterred me, at much earlier
periods of life, nor wiH they deter me now, when
life is fast drawing towards its close, from the
expression of an earnest hope that the American
name and the American fame will be maintained
! by the American people with the brightness of
| true glory, undiminished by the commission of a
single deed, or the omission of a single deed,
which national duty may forbid or require. I
have the consolation, however, of believing-that,
upon the present occasion, every appearance in-
dicatesthat, in the Senate and out of the Senate,
a unanimity of sentiment almost unknown in the
history of our country wiil accompany the efforts
of the Government to secure the public rights and
honor.
Why, sir, it is all idle to talk about a desire ta
engage the country in war. There is no such
desire, or, if theTe be, it is confined to a portion of
the population so inconsiderable, as to exert no
influence upon our national course. Almost no-
body wants war. But war is not to be avoided
by shutting our eyes to the signs of the times,
and crying, "all's well," when danger is upon us.
The ostrich, which roams the desert, ana hide*
its head in the sand, fearing it knows not what,
and believing that it cannot be seen, because it
cannot itself see, is as wise as those politicians,
wh o think to avert or avoid danger by affecting to
be u tterly ignorant of its existence. The true way
is to look it in the face, and to be prepared fbr it.
This is equally the dictate of prudenee and of
patriotism.
Sir, war has its evils, and great, indeed, they
are. Many of us know them by- personal observe
ation, and all know them by history and tradi-
tion. But there aTe evils still greater, andanrrong
those is the forfeiture of our own seif-respeot ana
the loss of the respect of the world. If, int addition
to our own experience, we wanted any other
proof of the dire calamities, which war brings in
its train, we should find it in the great contest now
going on upon the shores of the old Euxine, tha
early seats of civilization, where thsee of the
greatest nations of the world are engaged in tsh 
deadliest conflict, recorded in the long antals of"
human warfare, from the first battle described in
sacred history, when the four Kings went out.
against the five Kings- in the vale of Siddira, down
to our day. How this mighty struggle is to end,
or when, or with what consequences to the cent*
batants themselves, or to the old hemisphere, is
would be presumptuous even to endeavor to pre-*
diet.
A singular commentary upon the little danger
of war, " while statesmen keep their senses," to
use an expression of the In teUigencer,.is furnished
by an event, that recently occurred in Engtend.
War, indeed, did not result from it, but it is ob-
vious that, in the public opinion there, a critical
state of things exists, whicn requires- but a slight
incident to produce hostilities; and the circum-
stance to which I allude is anything but honorable
to the boasted intelligence of this middle of th«
nineteenth century. It is but a few days since
the people of England, with wondeifirl nnnninrity,
believed that a war with the United States was
imminent—not imminent merely, but that it had
actually broken out. They heard yas they sup-
posed, the guns of the hostile parties-, while, in
fact, it was the peals of their own " Thunderer,"
now facetiously called "Blunderer," when it dis-
cusses American affairs,, that- broke upon their
startled senses, peals with bo flashes of light te
relieve their monotonous- reverberations. Hi*
Olytapiwi predaoesaor " fiwhfened the nations,"
while the Engl wife ruler of Uioekmds luifl to limit
