1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7f
[Great laughter and shouts of "Good!"]
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN. Ihave submitted the mo-
tion to lay on the table, and I insist upon it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to make a
point of order which will dispose of this matter.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have the floor upon a ques-
tion of order. I submit that it is not in order for
this House, in its present condition, to consider
any such resolutions as these. The law upon
this subject has been read, and is familiar to
members. That law expressly provides that a
Speaker shall be clected and the members sworn m
before any proposition shall be in order of a
general character and which does not relate to the
organization of the House.
As these resolutions and amendment propose no
plan for the election of a Speaker, but affirm
general principles, X hold that they are not in
order.
Mr. COBB. The point of order I makeis, that
those resolutions have never been offered for the
consideration of the House. The gentleman from
Maryland expressly stated that he merely desired
to have them read for the information of the House.
He did not ask action of the House upon the sub-
ject. He desired that, after they had been read,
they should be laid upon the table. That was his
own suggestion. [Loud cries of " Call the roll!"
and great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. BOYCE obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. If the resolutions were not
offered by the gentleman from Maryland, but
were merely read for information, I should like
to be informed how the motion of the gentleman
from Maine to lay them on the table can be enter-
tained ?
The CLERK. It has not been entertained.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. BOYCE. I desire to ask the member
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bakks] one or two
questions. I would ask the gentleman if he is
in favor of the restoration of the Missouri restric-
tion, or does he go for the entire prohibition of
slavery in all the Territories of the United States ?
I would further ask him if he is in favor of the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia?
Mr. MORGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BOYCE. I would ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, further, if he is in favor of the
abolition of the inter-State slave trade ? I would
further ask him if ho is in favor of entering into
diplomatic relations with Hayti, and of receiving,
as its representative here, a black minister ? Is he
in favor of the total or partial repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law? [Cries of " Order !" "Callthe
roll!"]
Mr. MORGAN. I insist that all this is out of
order, according to the decision just made and
under the resolution of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
the gentleman from South Carolina to give way
to me to let me ask some questions of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] [Loud
cries of " Order!"]
Mr. BOYCE. Does the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts refuse to answer my questions ?
[Mr. Banks obtained the floor amidst loud
cries of "Hear him!" "Order!" "Call the
roll!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk would remark that,
there being no proposition before the House, he
thinks the gentleman from South Carolina is out
of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be heard. He has taken the
floor. [Cries of "Hear him!"]
Mr. BOYCE. I have one more question to
ask. Is the gentleman from Massachusetts in
favor of an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States to abolish slavery in the States?
JNow will he answer me.
Mr. BANKS. I know my friend from South
Carolina well. I have listened patiently to his
interrogatories. I have noticed the course which
he has pursued in this protracted contest; and I
remember that the candidate for whom he has
steadily and persistently voted, Mr. Richardson,
when similar inquiries were addressed to him,
replied that, inasmuch as he was a candidate, and
the gentleman addressing him was not, the latter
had the advantage of him, and he should not
respond. I thought it a sensible conclusion, and
I notify my honorable friend from South Caro-
lina that I shall profit by that example. [Laugh-
ter and applause.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Clerk, I desire to offer
a resolution. It will not require immediate action.
I want it to be read, so that it may be considered
and acted upon after there has been a vote. I
will read it myself:
That to-morrow, the 25th instant, being Christmas—
[roars of laughter,]
And very likely to be a happy one, judging
from the merriment of gentlemen—
—a day held in holy veneration by Christian men as the
advent of the Savior of the world, [renewed laughter,] and
being legarded and kept a5* a holiday almost universally, it
is ordered that, to enable? all who desire to participate m the
religious observances or secular festivities of the day, the
membcis ot the House of Representatives of the Ignited
States will not assemble again, after the adjournment to-day,
until Thursday, the 27th instant, at meridian.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The CLERK. The resolution is not before
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not a resolution, but a
mere motion. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. It is a common platform
upon which you can all agree. [Laughter.]
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll on
the sixty-eighth vote for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes cast, 215;
necessary to a choice, 108; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 101
William A. Richardson "r2
Ilcmy M. Fuller 31
Alexander C. M. Pennington  4
Benjamin F. Leiter  2
James L. On *  2
IjCwis I). Campbell..   1
Nathaniel C. Foster   1
Samuel S. Marshall  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messr*. Albright, Allison, Barbour. Ball,
Homy Bennett, Benson, Bilimffhurf-t, Bingham, Bhs#i, Biad-
shaw, Ripnton, Buffttiirtou, Burhngame, James 11. Camp-
bell, Lewis 1), Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw>on,
Colfax, Coming Cra^in, Cmnbaek, Darin ell, Timothy Da\ is,
Day, Dean, l)u Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duvfee, Emne,
Flakier, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbeit, Gi anger, Giow, Rob-
ert B Hull, Harlan, Ilolloway, Thomas It. llorton, Valen-
tine B. llorton, Iluwaid, Ilugh&ton, Kclscy, Km;;, Knapp,
Knight, KnowJton, Knot, Leiter, Mace, Matte^on, Mc-
Caity, Meaeham, Knhan Millet, Moigan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, .Nichols, Norton, Andiow Oliver, Parker, Peaiee,
Pclton, Pennington, Peiry, Pottit, Pike, Pnngle, Puivianee,
Ritchie, Robbing, Ttobisou, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sheiman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoimg-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Ti.Uton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
brulge, Waldion, Cadwnbider C. Wa.shburne. Elhhu B.
Washburne, 1-raf] Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodwoith.
For Nr. Ihchaulton—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Baiksdale, Bell, llenry S. Bennett, Boeock, Bovee, Jirooks
Burnett, Cadwalader,'CaiUtheis, Ca-kie. Chn«ni;m, Unwell
Cobb. Williamson BAY. Cobb, (Jiai^e,(Jra\\ ford, Davidson,
Denver, PowdeU, Ednnmd^on, Elliott, Emjh-h, Faulkner,
Floienee, Tnomas J. !>, Fuller, Goodc, Greenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, Sampson W. TIariv, Thomas L. Uarrtr-, Her-
bert, Houston, Jcwett, Geoisre W. Jonet?, J. Glanoy .Tone5*,
Keitt, Kelly. Ridwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, MeMuihn, MeClueen, Smith Millei, Mill-
son, Motdccai Oliver, On, Peck, Phtlps, Powell, Quitman,
RutRn, Bust, Sanchdge, Manage, Sew.url, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewatt, Talbott,
Tayloi, Vail, Warner, YVatkms, Wells,Wins-low, and John
V. Wnght.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Gar-
ble, Cox, Cullen, Henry Wmtcr Davis, Etheridsje, Eustis,
Foster, J. Morrison Huiris, Kenm-tt, Lake, Lindlev, Alex-
ander K. Ma!?hall, Humphrey Mai-^ball. Milhvatd, Pame,
Porter, Puiyear, Reade, Ready. Rivera, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Triple, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whit-
nev, and Zolheoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Edwards, Harrison, Ha-
ven, and Scott.
For Mr. Leiter—Messrs. Dunn and Moore.
For Mr. Orr—Mes^r-s Williams and Evans.
For Mr. Campbell—Mr. Edie.
For Mr. Foster—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Richard-on.
Ponding the call of the roll—
Mr. BROOKS said: Before I cast my vote T
desire to make a few remarks in reference to the ]
question which was propounded by the member
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] to the gentleman from
, Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] With due defer-
ij encc to gentlemen upon my side of the House, I
must say that I regard the questions propounded
to the former gentleman as illiberal. I know not
what political capital is intended to be made by
the questions. I do not understand indirection
or wire-pulling, nor wish to understand either.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has an-
nounced to the world that, in certain contingen-
cies, he is willing to "let the Union slide."
Now, sir, let his contingencies be reversed, and
I am also willing to " let the Union slide''—ay,
sir,rto aid in making it slide. He assumes the
position, that if the doctrines which we pro-
slavery men, and as I think,constitutional men, of
the country hold, shall obtain, then he is willing to
let this Government go by the board. I hesitate
not to say, that if his construction of the consti-
tutional power of Confress over the Territories
shall prevail in this country, I for one heartily
indorse the sentiment of the Massachusetts leader.
I have been taunted at home with being a little
too national. My patriotism and my duty to my
fellow-men compel me to do all that I can to
preserve this Government, so long as it is ad-
ministered according to the intent and meaning
of the Constitution. With this view, and for this
purpose, I cheerfully favor the election of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] who 1 know
to be a constitutional States-Rights Democrat,
and true to the rights of the people in regard to
their property of every description, and every-
where. For the same reasons I favor the repre-
sentation of my State in the Cincinnati conven-
tion, believing, as I do, that the Democratic
party is now purged of the Free-Soil element
which heretofore polluted it, and is ready to stand
by the resolution which is the platform of the
Democrats of this House.
But, sir, things are taking a course here which,
I confess, is music to my ear. It is well that
gentlemen should understand each other, and I
think that I understand the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and the party of which he is the ac-
knowledged leader. If they have a fixed determ-
ination to carry out their ends, I want to know
it, and I want my constituents to know it. I am
far from rejoicing in the fact that sectional divisions
are threatening to rend the country in twain; but
knowing that the principles of the Republican
party, if carried to their legitimate consequences,
must so result, I do rejoice that they have the
manliness to tell us trankly what their feelings
1 and purposes are, in order that my people may
distinctly understand th<jm and be prepared to
meet them. Doubt and uncertainty arc painful
i to me, and I and my people want repose. We
1 have been badgered and bedeviled long enough,
and we want an issue, clear, distinct, stern, and
unbending.
When Free-Soilers tell me of the sinfulness
and immorality of slavery, I reply to them that
they are its accomplices; that the receiver is as
bad as the thief; and that, until they cease to use
and consume the products of slave labor, and un-
til they elevate their free negro population to the
Utopian standard which they have raised for the
slave, I tell them their talk is but cant and hy-
pocrisy. But, sir, when they make a distinct,
tangible issue upon the constitutional rights of
the South, then I know where to find them. All
I ask of gentlemen is to make their issue boldly—
make it here. Here is the place to make it, and
the place to meet it. I never could understand
the magnanimity or chivalry of southern gentle-
men, who are content to wear the honors of the
country in times of peace, but who propose to
leave this Hall and fly to their constituents when
dangers threaten. Sir, we are their appointed
leaders, and when resistance beeonies virtuous
we are the very men who should first display it.
We are standing upon slave territory, surround-
ed by slave States, and pride, honor, patriotism,
all command us, if a battle is to be fought, to
light it here upon this floor. I indulge m no vio-
lence, in no threat; but I appeal to genth-mon on
the other side to come out like men, make their
issue boldly—command our respect by their man-
hood, and be to us foemen worthy of our steel.
Mr. SHORTRR also said: I a sic the indul-
gence of the House to say that I have taken no
part, thus far, m the discussion upon the subject
of an organization. I stand here belonging to no
faction. I belong neither to the house of York
or Lancaster. 1 wear neither the "white *' nor
"red rose." I occupy a position entirely inde-
pendent, so far as the two great national parties
of the country are concerned. Since the voting
commenced, I have nearly all the time cast my
vote for Mr. Richardson. I have done so, be-
cause I approve of the platform upon which he
stands; and I say here, and I wish the country
to understand it, that if there were any chance to
secure the election of Mr. Richardson by my
continuing to vote for him, I would remain and
