1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolu-
passed; and its title was amended by substituting
" completing" for " continuing."
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope not.
Mr. CASS. If the Senator from Florida will
■withdraw his motion to allow me to introduce a
resolution, I will renew it.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CASS. I present the followiri
tion, and ask for its consideration:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,) That
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives adjourn their respective Houses sine die
on Monday, the 11th of August nest, at twelve o'clock,
meridian.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CASS. I now renew the motion made by
the honorable Senator from Florida, in accord-
ance with my promise, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will vote against the motion.
Mr. CASS. I certainly shall do it, though I
make the motion.
-- The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 11, noes 21.
HARBOR OF RACINE.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to take up the next
bill on the Calendar, (S. No. 89,) for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Racine, Wis-
consin.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEWARD. The bill, as originally re-
ported, was for continuing the improvement, but
a report has been received from the War Depart-
ment showing the amount necessary to complete
it. As the sum is small, I offer an amendment
for that purpose.
Mr. CASS. I regret that these amendments
are added to these bills. What is the necessity
for them ? Why can they not go through with-
out burdening them witli amendments, endanger-
ing and delaying their passage ?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin can explain the matter.
Mr. DODGE. The bills for Wisconsin were
drawn up on the original estimates, made several
rs since. You are aware, sir, that there have
years  .
been no harbor appropriations for many years
When I introduced these bills, 1 had not the esti-
mates as made by the proper topographical officer.
The estimates were not sent in for some time
afterwards. The amendments now proposed are
in strict accordance with the last estimates. The
bills, as submitted, were in accordance with the
estimates made several years ago, since which
time no appropriations have been made. With
a view of placing these bills on a proper footing,
the committee have proposed to amend them so
as to come up to the estimates of the topograph-
ical officer, Colonel Graham, who has charge of
these works.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York is to strike
out " §11,000," and insert " $43,992 45."
Mr. CASS. I will not oppose the proposition,
but I doubt the expediency of it. This sum of
money cannot be expended during the year. The
appropriations as they were originally proposed
are quite as much as can be expended this season.
I think, if we go on in this way, and take renewed
estimates, we shall be involved in difficulty.
Colonel Graham has made an estimate for the St.
Clair flats that amounts to nearly half a million;
but it got here while the bill was in progress,
and my colleague and myself adhered to our
original proposition. I will not oppose it if the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin insists on it;
but now, if we increase the amount from §11,000
to $44,000, and if we go on in this way, We shall
never get along.
Mr. DODGE. The whole amountof the bills
for harbors on the coast of Wisconsin is from
two hundred and eighty to three hundred thou-
sand dollars, as they are proposed to be amended
bv the committee. It is well known that the
original estimates for these harbors were made
while Wisconsin was under a territorial govern-
ment; but $90,000 were then appropriated for
these improvements, and the people of these
towns on the lake have expended large amounts
of money. These bills are for the completion of
the works, and appropriate but comparatively a
small amount for that purpose—two hundred and
eighty or three hundred thousand dollars. De-
lays may be dangerous; and so far as I am con-
cerned I am very desirous to see these bills dis-
posed of at this time, if it is the will of the Senate
so to do.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is a most excel-
lent idea, for, as the Senator from Wisconsin
says, delays are very dangerous. I think the
friends of these measures, as they seem to have
enough power in both bodiedshould get through
all their bills at once, for I think the people will
be very apt to vacate some of their seats—I trust
they will at all events. I think they had better
get as much as they can now. [Laughter.]
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was found that there was not a quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think we ought to
be voting away so much money without a quo-
rum. I am not willing that these bills should be
passed without having a quorum present.
Mr. PUGH. I ask to have the amendment
read on which the vote was taken. I did not
hear it, and therefore I did not vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment,
it having been voted upon.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We now begin, sir, to
appreciate the value of the veto messages on this
subject. They will be fully appreciated in about
two years and a half, or perhaps before that time.
Whenever you break a great constitutional prin-
ciple you open a floodgate of legislation in this
way. I am oppose'd to it.
Mr. PUGH. May I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin where this harbor is situated? My
purpose, as I before announced, is to vote on each
measure, so far as I can, according to its merits.
I find myself instructed by the Legislature to vote
for appropriations for harbors on the northern
lakes, and I shall endeavor to carry out that
instruction, because I have no constitutional scru-
ples on the question, as I have stated; but I really
wish to know where each of these harbors is
located.
Mr. DODGE. Racine is on the western shore
of Lake Michigan, a very prominent point. The
people there have expended about sixty thousand
dollars of their own money for the purpose of
making a harbor. They never had but $12,500
appropriated for the purpose by this Govern-
ment. It is an important commercial point, well
known by gentlemen who are conversant with
the western shore of Lake Michigan—one of the
most important points next to Milwaukee on our
borders. ,
We have a lake coast of about two hundred
miles, and for this distance we have five harbor
bills reported. The sums are amall. At the
mouths of the rivers, where these harbors are
made, the sand frequently stops the current, and
they have to be kept clear. This Government
has nevor given more than ninety-two thousand
dollars for our harbors while Wisconsin was a
Territory in 1843 and 1844, and since we have
been a State only forty-five oriifty thousand dollars
altogether. The extent of our commerce is very
great. The citizens of that portion of ourState
have expended a large amount of money for the
improvement of their harbors. The people of
Racine alone have expended about sixty thousand
dollars of their own money, as is proved by the
documents before me, to which I_ can rclei if
necessary. I think it would be doing the State
of Wisconsin great injustice not to act upon these
harbor bills at this time. To delay them will
certainly be vfery impolitic in many points of view,
if I understand the true condition of that State.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will unite with
us in the passage of these bills.
Mr. CASS. I know this position, and, as my
honorable friend from Wisconsin says, it is a
verv important one. There is a great dearth of
harbors on the western coast of Lake Michi-
gan. Shipping, property, and life, are very much
exposed there. This is one of the most import-
ant positions on the lake, and-1,hope the Senate
will pass the bill at once. I objectedto tile-amend-
ment before, not on the ground .that (he appropri-
ation was not necessary, but simply becausel
thought, that to make any change in these bills at
this stage of the session would hazard them. -I
repeat this is one of, the most important pointa on
the lake. ; ;
Mr. BUTLER.. Mr. President, I have no idea
that I can successfully aid in opposing these bills,
but we have been reduced to a state of legisla-
tion, I venture to say, unparalleled in the legisla-
tion of any country. I think I may say, with
perfect confidence, that more than one half of
those who are voting for this appropriation did
not know where the place was until it was ex-
plained by the honorable geiftlemen fron Wiscon-
sin and Michigan. I am called upon to vote
blindfolded—to appropriate money for the im-
provement of places of which I know nothing,
and of which others know nothing, except as they
are accidentally informed upon the occasion by an
explanation from a Senator of five or ten minutes.
Now, sir, put the question to an Anglo-Saxon
Legislature, that you will appropriate no money
except what is raised by taxation, and suppose
that a proposition were introduced here to-mor-
row, to raise taxes to the amount of fifty millions
for the purpose of making appropriationsforthese
local improvements, the people in that part of the
country themselves would not consent to the
taxes. Because the money is given from the
Treasury, are we to suppose that it does not come
from taxation? Sir, taxation should go with
appropriation. Let us have a tax-paying constit-
uency, who are aware of their rights, and know-
that the money is to be arrested from their tax
before it is appropriated. Then, I answer for
it, the money appropriated here for these pur-
poses would riot be voted by the people. This
partial legislation is at the hands of those who
want it, and who will take it. I only desire to
bring it to the consideration of the public, for I
do not believe any Confederacy can last which ap-
propriates all in one direction and none in another.
If you have the power to regulate commerce by
turning it from the Mississippi by the lakes to
New York, because that is the strongest cordon
of States, having interests in common, one with
another, I know I am helpless.
Mr. SEWARD. In answer to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, I will say that the town of
Racine is sixty-five miles from Chicago.
Mr. PUGH. How far is it from the other
harbor, for whffh we have just passed a bill ?,
Mr CASS. Forty miles.
Mr. SEWARD. Milwaukee is the next point.
Mr. PUGH. We passed a bill just now for
Manitowoc.  
Mr. CASS. That is forty miles still further
north.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator need
not be informed by me, I am sure, that the navi-
gation of these lakes is always destructive. This
harbor is necessary as a harbor of refuge. There
are from eight to ten thousand people m Racine.
When I was there, six or seven years ago, I saw
a very flourishing town. It is a town which
commands a large export of wheat and other
grain from the interior of the country. Itisone
of the most important ports upon the lakes, both
for shelter and for commerce.
I hope this explanation will be satisfactory.
Though I have withdrawn the amendment which
I offered, it is proper for me to state that, if the
amendment had been insisted upon as it was re-
ported by the committee, the bill would then-be
precisely on the same footing with all the other
bills of this kind which have been passed. These
were originally reported as they were, only on
the ground that our venerable friend and colleague
from Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] had not prepared
himself with the estimates of the Department as
early as might have been done under other cir-
cumstances] but the amendment is now with-
drjl? BUTLER. I have a right to ask how
many of these bills are to be introduced, and what
are the names of the harbors, for perhaps I never
heard of them. If I can be informed on these
points, I willgo to a gazetteer, and learn something
about them. I do not intend to take any more
mere statements.
