48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
Kia powers of alarm to his own nation. But he
sent his voice to every nook of Great Britain,
from Johnny Groat's house to the Land's End,
carrying trouble to every loyal heart. A fleet
had actually sailed to chastise the presumptuous
Americans. That was certain; but why, was
involved in inextricable obscurity. The great
light could not, or did not, enlighten that dark
point. It was as much of a puzzle as ever puz-
zled a Chinese. But, though opinions were a good
deal divided, there were two principal causes,
which seemed to challenge the public assent,
each finding its advocates. One was, that the
naval expedition was destined to intercept a new
armada, more terrible than its Spanish predeces-
sor, which had left, or was about to leave, our
shores, in order to wrest Ireland from English :
domination; and the other, that this display of a j
nation's power wa^ for the purpose of avenging 1
the insult cast upon the realm of Queen Victoria,
by our Attorney General, in a communication to
the District Attorney of New York, in which that
high functionary had, to the great offense of Eng-
lish delicacy, stated a plain case in plain language.
And this national burst of indignation is another
illustration of the truth of the poetie exclama 
tion—
" What great effects from little causes spring!"
I leave to the future historian to pass judgment
upon the disputed point.
It is difficult, sir, to believe that any extent of
national credulity could suffice to enable a people
to swallow such humbiiggery as this; it deserves
no better name. And yet the humiliating fact
is true, beyond the reach of doubt. The whole
English press confirms it. I have myself seen a
letter from a most distinguished English gentle-
man, who says, frankly, that he was one of the
"dupes"—this is the word he uses, upon that
occasion—the dupe of an arrogant, unprincipled
journal, which has acquired and exercises an
influence over the English public mind, equally
strange and humiliating. Unfortunate is it for
Miy people, where the journals of the day guide,
instead of indicating, the national opinion, and,
especially, where one of them reigns supreme, i
ahd constitutes itself a new estate of the realm. I
The President, in his message, refers to another j
incident, which has come to complicate our diffi- 1
cultieswith England, and that is, the effort, to pro- '
cure recruits in the United States for the British
army, and the developments which have attended
it. As the President well remarks, our traditional
policy has been to avoid all connection with Eu-
ropean wars, and to prevent either party from
receiving aid from this country. For this pur-
pose, laws have been passed, which form a per-
manent portion of our system of national inter-
communication. Those laws have been violated
by persons, acting in the name of the British Gov-
ernment. The existence of the offense has been
established, and the offenders identified by the
verdict of a jury, and the sentence of a court. No
man has, therefore, the righttogainsay,eitherthe
one or the other; and, least of all, has the British
Government the right to say, your laws are to be
construed so and so, and we have not interfered
With them, agreeably to our construction Our
own judicial tribunals constitute the department
appointed to interpret our own laws The act
of engaging men within the United States to leave
our territory, with a view to enlist into the Brit- ■
ish army, when within the British dominions,
is not denied; but we learn, from the President's
message, that it has been urged, in defense of the
act, that stringent instructions" were given so
to conduct the affair, as not to violate our laws
Well may the President express his surprise at
such an excuse as this! Well may he ask, how
could the British Government, with our law
before them, which they had, or ought to have
had—how could they look to the accomplishment
of their object, without going in the face of a
statute as comprehensive as ours? I will not
itseifaCtenZe thiS Pretension- U characterizes
the Government,
both mi the United States and upon their borders
lZin?nga?ed ln supenmendingand directing this
business, is not denied either by them or by the
tn° make^hk1168' 'tWM an unfortunate moment
to make thm experiment upon our forbearance
A great war W£s going on, and the nations of the
earth were watching with anxiety every incident
connected with it. We could not submit to the
violation of our neutrality laws, without the most
serious imputations upon our honor and good
faith. When this interference with them became
,, known—and known, too, by judicial investigation
i —there were two courses for the Government to
11 pursue in vindication of the honor of the country.
! One was, to dismiss the British Minister, a prin-
j cipal agent in these obnoxious affairs; and the
other, to lay the case before the British Govern-
ment, and to demand his recall. For myself, sir,
I think the former should have been instantly
adopted. I think the nature and the publicity of
the transactions, and, especially, looking to the
: j time and the condition of the world, and recalling
ji the thousand-and-one charges made against us
by the English press, and people, and Cabinet, of
I filibustering, and of permissive if not of author-
] ized,armaments in the United States, in violation
of our solemn duties—I think this act of vigorous
: policy was demanded by the highest considera-
tions, and I also think it would nave redounded
to our credit through the world. At the same
time, sir, I do not conceal from myself, that there
were very grave considerations in favor of adopt-
ing the second course: that is, giving to the British
Government the opportunity of doing justice to
the occasion and to us by its own act. I trust a
i demand has been made, and that it will be listened
, to; and, if not listened to, that we shall do for
. ourselves what, in that event, will be most ungra-
; ciously refused, and ought to have been done"for
us elsewhere. The British Government, had it
been actuated by a proper spirit of friendly inter-
course, would have recalled its Minister as soon
as it ascertained the awkward position in which
he had placed himself. It owed a prompt disa-
vowal not less to itself than to us.
Of Mr. Crampton I shall only speak in terms
of high personal respect. He is a distinguished
gentleman', enjoying, and, I believe, deserving,
the esteem and regard of all, who are acquainted i
with him. Upon such a subject I shall take
counsel from my own feelings only, and not
from a lesson which I find in British parliament-
ary history, and which was written there, I
suppose, for my special benefit.
When I had the honor to represent my coun-
try abroad, my official conduct became the sub-
ject of animadversion—of censure, rather—in the
British House of Peers. I had, unfortunately
I for the good opinion of the English public, done
: what I could to counteract a scheme of their
j Government, which, if successful, would have
given to them the maritime supremacy of the
world. Upon thatoccasion, I was assailed by one
who had held the highest office known to the
British Constitution, after the Sovereign, in terms
which I will repeat, but shall not imitate. The
actor in that interlude—the Thersites, rather 
has been remarkable for his versatility, having
performed many parts; but while he has been
able in all, he has particularly excelled in vituper-
ation. In that high assemblage, Lord Brougham
said, speaking of me, that "he had no more
conception of questions of international law, than
he had of the languages spoken in the moon."
LHere, the record says, their lordships laughed,
pleased, no doubt, with such a delicate, sarcastic
: Jut; but I trust, for the honor of the aristocracy,
that it was not a hearty, Democratic laugh, but
rather a gentle relaxation of high-born muscles 1
Lord Brougham added, that " he (meaning my-
self) had no more capacity for argument, or rea-
so"> he had for understanding legal points
and differences;" "that he was the very imper- I
sonation of mob hostility to England; "and " that !
he pandered to a groveling, groundling set of !
States'*"8' meamnS the PeoPle of the United |
But the conduct of the English representative, !
so far as it affects the honor and interests of our i
WhiiZ', Z a P''°Per subject of examination.
Whether he acted with or without authority, is
Ifqwkhm?t -fT®6n himse,f and his Gove«-nment.
it without it, his course was indefensible, and
!t .iPUr' me"t should be exemplary. If with
, the greater is our cause of complaint, and the
clearer right have we to expect reparation
The dismissal of a Minister is no cause of war.
It has been oftendone. It is a measure, we have
more than once taken, and England many times.
On one occasion, she sent home a foreign embas-
sador under guard. Spain, fallen as she is from
her former high estate, quite recently testified her
dissatisfaction with a British Minister, by order-
ing him out of the country. 1 repeat, sir, this
act of national sovereignty is no just cause of
war; and if it be made the*pretext for one, why
so be it—we will meet it as we may. The pros-
ecution and conviction of an English consular
agent in a Prussian Court, for a similar offense,
seems to have excited in England neither sur-
. prise nor complaint. Both were reserved for us.
j He, who believes that England would have per-
mitted such a breach of her laws to pass unnoticed,
! under such circumstances, has read her history
1 to little purpose.
One of the recent arrivals from England has
brought an article in the London Morning Herald,
of December 20, 1H55, which is notunworthy of
notice in this connection. This article says that,
notwithstanding the "bluster" here, no doubt but
the foreign enlistment affair was a "plot," got
up by the "American press" at " the instance, it
would seem, at all events, with the knowledge, of
the American Secretary of State." The Herald
assertait wasproposed to the Government through
1 Mr. Crampton,ahd not objected to. It also states
that, at the trial in Philadelphia, an attempt was
made to implicate Mr. Crampton, " too gross even
I, for a Yankee court of justice." The" Attorney
|J General is charged with "grossness," " vulg-ar-
| ity," " daring assertion," " inconclusiveness;"
: and certain members of the Government are
charged with laying " this plot to implicate our
; officials."
: Notwithstanding " struggles for notoriety, ma-
lignancy of the southernand the inextinguishable
i hatred of the Irish," and though " the Yankee
may; bluster and rave," the Herald predicts, that
it will all end in nothing.
Now, sir, this precious diatribe is only im-
portant, as an indication of the popular feeling in
England. Here is one of the great London newspa-
pers, printed within sound of Bow-bells, abound-
ing in the most ridiculous specimens of nonsense
and malignity, it is possible to compress within
such a space, issued, and read, and believed, and
enjoyed in the land of all the decency. There is
nothing too gross for the English palate, in rela-
, tion to our country. I must confess, as a western
man, who crossed the Ohio when a lad, and spent
a large portion of his life contending with the ob-
stacles of a new country, and upon the very ver°-e
of civilization, that my self-love is a little wounded
at the classification, by the writer in the Herald, of
the people of the United States;recognizing none
but Southerners, and Irishmen, and Yankees—
thus ignoring the great West, with its six mil-
|!°nS, 0LP®0PIe' .exceeding in population more
than half of the kingdoms of Europe. However
1 I console myself with the reflection, that we shall
be heard of by-and-by,and that in the mean time,
this ignorance is not strange in a region where,
it is said, that wonder is often expressed at find-
ing, that an American is white, and speaks the
English language. The same arrival, that brought
the Morning Herald, brought also this most ac-
ceptable piece of information, that " the report
which recently prevailed, that the United States
had made a treaty with the Shah of Persia, guar-
antying the territory on the Persian Gulf, had
proved erroneous." Great relief this must have
afforded m England! " How little wisdom "said
i °tateslnan [° his how little wisdom
taketo govern theworld!" How little common
sense, we may exclaim, is exhibited in Europe
on the subjct of American affairs!
We have had many difficulties with England,
rom the time she refused to surrender the west-
ern posts, under the treaty of peace of 1783, to
thel f/i J!1'111 "ot Say aH  but almost all, of
them resulted from her conduct towards us, and
were causes of complaint on our part
Why this
never-ceasing injustice ? Whv se k
not only to injure, but to degrade us, in the eves
of the world? I have often sought the reason
and can only find it in hostility to our institutions'
thp iw>°USy °Cthe advance> we have made in all
the elements of power and prosperity, and still
more «t the wonderful career before us. Time
