1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
desks. It seems to me, therefore, that we ought
not to be expected to vote on the question now.
Look at the vacant scats around the Hall. I did
not rise for the purpose of debating the question,
but to propose that this subject shall be made the
special order for some future day. We ought to
have time to prepare ourselves with information
to cast intelligent votes. The question ought
onlv to be disposed of with a full committee.
jAr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Why not to-day ?
Mr. McMULLlN. We have not a quorum
present. Let the bill be made the special order
for a certain day, and gentlemen will come pre-
pared to vote on it. I move that the committee
do now rise with a view to make the amendments
the special order for some day of next week.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope not. I ask my col-
league to withdraw his motion for a little while.
Mr. MeMXJLLIN. I withdraw it.
Mr. EVANS. I move to strike out the words
" to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War," and
in lieu thereof, insert " the maps and drawings
shall be engraved under the superintendence of
the Secretary of War." I hope that the friends
of the Senate amendment will sustain the amend-
ment which I submit. It meets with the views
of the friends of the measure.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Texas, because it
is m direct conflict with the law. The law regu-
lating the public printing and its superintendence,
is in these words:
Resolved by the Senate and the House of Representatives,
frc., That hereafter when any charts, map=, diagrams,
views, or other engravings, shall be requtied to illustrate
any document ordered to be printed by either House of
Co ^ies=, theys/tai! be contracted for by the Superintendent
of Public Printing under the supervision anJ dirertionof suck
committee as the ''House ordering the printing ot' any such
document shall direct
The proposition of the gentleman from Texas
is to submit this whole matter to the control and
supervision of the Secretary of War; and it is in
direct violation of the law which regulates the
printing and lithographing of maps and other
things of the same kind. If the House mean to
change the law, and place the matter under the
control ofthe Departments, then I take it that they
will set the laws aside in the regular and proper
mode. If the amendment be adopted, we had as
well dismiss the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing and commit matters of this sort to the various
Departments of the Government.
When this office of Superintendent of Public
Printing was created, the object was to have some
one officer who was familiar with the business;
some one responsible for any estimates which
might be made, and who possessed the requisite
knowledge to make an estimate so that some re-
liance could be placed upon it. Here we have
created a Printing Bureau, appointed a superin-
tendent, organized his bureau with severalolerks
and other officers; and now it is proposed to dis-
regard the law, and to place this matter under the
control of the Secretary of War.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this amendment of
the Senate, and 1 concur entirely with my friend
from Missouri, in regard to it, that anybody who
believes that this Government has the constitu-
tional power to embark in a system of internal
improvements with its money, or with its lands,
which is the representative of its money, should
vote for this proposition to publish the maps or
any other engraving which they may regard
necessary to furnish Congress with reliable in-
formation upon the subject. But, as I hold to
the doctrine that the exercise ot this power by
the Federal Government is m direct and palpable
violation ofthe Federal Constitution; and that it
has no right to use its money m constructing
works of Internal improvements, that it has no
right to use its land, which is the representative
of its money, so far as this matter is concerned,
by an arrangement between the United States
and Mexico, by which these lands were acquired,
and paid for, I am opposed to this appropriation,
and opposed to the Government having anything
to do with it.
But gentlemen tell us that the great object is to
provide for the military defenses of the country,
that this road is a military road, and that it is in-
dispensable to the transportation of munitions
and arms from this side to the Pacific coast; and
b.dng tudisp.'nsoblc for that purpose, the Govern-
ment lias a right to construct it tzs amiiitcirrjvo&ii.
Now, sir, if the Government has a right to
construct a military road from the western border
of Arkansas to San Francisco, has not the Gov- _
eminent a right to construct a military road from
the city of Washington to the point in Arkansas,
whence these ammunitions and arms take their
departure for the Pacific coast ? Where is the dif-
ference, I ask ? The Government must have some
mode of conveyance by which to get to that
point, in order to start out upon this military road;
and if it has the power to construct the road from
that point to the Pacific coast, it has the power to
make one from the city of Washington to that
point. Here is the great center, here is the place
where the affairs of this great Government are
managed and carried on, here is where all the
plans are arranged, and where the means are set
on foot for the military defenses needed in the
different quarters of the country; and it would be
a very remarkable proposition that the Govern- j
menthas a power to make a military road from !
the western border of the States through its ter- I
ntory to the Pacific; and yet has no power to
make a military road from its center to its western
boundary.
But again, if this Government has the power to
construct this road under the war power, is there
one single road which it cannot construct under :
that power? And, reasoning by analogy, if the
Government is bound to carry the mails, if it can
establish j)ost roads, it can also, according to the
mode resorted to in this matter, build post roads
for the purpose of carrying the mails over them.
I say, then, that gentlemen who, like the gen-
tleman from Ohio and the gentleman from Mis-
souri, believe that the Government ought to make f
these roads, and have the power to make them, j
1 are right in procuring all tile information neces- j
i sary, before the Government undertakes tins small J
i job of a railroad to the Pacific. j
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. My friend from
Virginia taught me a lesson upon the subject in
' regard to the powers of Congress. I recollect
very well that, when the appropriation was being
made to carry on these surveys m the deficiency
bill of the last Congress, my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means now, was on the
committee of conference, and if I am not incor-
! red in the matter of history, he agreed to the
| report of the committee of conference, or, if he
to
under '
the Constitution—and I believe the Constitution ;
is the same now that it was then—you have die
power to pav for driving down tiie stakes, to p:-1 y
a surveyor for running the line with a view to
'! make a road to tile Pacific. why have not you the
1: power to print the information and then afterwards
'| to make the road?
;j Mr. LETCHER. This is the second time that
ilrny friend has undertaken to arraign me upon
;; that point.
M Mr. CAMPBELL. No; I commend the gen-
]' t'teman for that j-.ct.
!| Mr. LETCHEH. Well, then,the second time
\ he has undertaken to commend me. Now, what
■ i are the facts in regard to that matter ? When this
j. proposition was made in the House, the gentle-
| J man recollects very well that I voted against it, on
, I every occasion
: Mr. CAMPBELL. He did, but he finally
i backed out.
|j Mr. LETCHER. I did not back out. I was
' put upo'n the committee of conference on that
; bill. I opposed the iiem to which he refers in
1 the committee of conference, and when the report
;! was made to this House,I signed the report, not
i, being as wise then as I am now. 1 signed it for
:' the reason that I believed (never having been upon
'1 such a committee before) that when tno two com-
■ I mittees—one of the Senate, and the other ot the
- House—came to a conclusion,it was the dutyof
;i every member to sign the reports of their action,
ji Now, sir, the Constitution was the same then
i' that it is now; and I expressed my opposition to
j the construction of that road then, and whenever
I i I had the chance 1 voted a§amst everything con-
!! nected with the construction of the road, as I now
, I vote against the printing of the maps.
But since my friend from Ohio has undertaken
H to applaud mej I will anplaud him. He holds to
'! the doctrine that the Government has the power
i; to oonstruct roads inside, and to the limits of its
boundaries" through the States and through the
Territories, and that it is not even necessary that
these roads should be designated as military roads.
Then I understand that my friend is exactly where
I supposed he was, in favor of the power to con-
struct internal improvements by the money and
means of the Government.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that if you have
the power to make one road upon which to trans-
port munitions of war, you can make an iron
road; and that, if you have the power to transmit
the mails upon horseback, you have power to
carry them with the iron horse, and to pay a loco-
motive.
Mr. LETCHER. Then he holds to the propo-
sition which I laid down before, that, because
this Government is invested with the power to
establish a post office, and to declare that certain
roads shall be post roads, it therefore has the
right to build those roads; that it has the right to
go into the States, to lay off those roads, condemn
the ground necessary for them, and construct
them with the means and money of the Federal
Government, without the consent of the States,
and even in defiance of their wishes.
Now, sir, if this be his doctrine—and I knovr
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] has al-
ways entertained that opinion—1 think he is per-
fectly right in going for this appropriation. I
think he is acting in exact accordance with his
views. But I should like to know how it is to
be with those on this floor who call themselves
Democrats; and who made war upon the admin-
istration of the younger xYdams, on the ground
of its being a wild and reekless internal-improve-
ment Administration ? He was run down at that
time, on that ground, by the Democratic party.
General Jackson came into power as an anti-in-
ternal-improvement man; and now the Democratic
; party of the country—those who were the Jack-
son men of that day, are throwing aside their
' creed and proclaiming themselves in favor ofthe
construction of a road which, as far as a monop-
: olv is concerned, would be the greatest monopoly
ever projected anywhere in this country.
I Now 'I hold that the Federal Government has
I no right to create monopolies, either in the shape
I of roads or in any other kind of improvements.
I And we see that, whenever these railroads are
| created—even those that have been built in part—
j nay, almost altogether—by the means ofthe Fed-
| era! Government, in the shape of lands that have
j been donated to them—there is scarcely a solitary
;! instance in which they have not, in the spirit of
I grasping avarice, gotten into controversies with
. the Federal Government, even about the transport
!' of the mail. We find, now, that ihey are eom-
billing, everywhere, for the purpose of keeping
i up their rates, and maintaining the highest prices
for freights and travel. And at a time when this
spirit of monopoly is abroad, when these com-
■ I binations are going on everywhere, North and
|j South, when the Government is to be made tho
sufferer and the victim, it is proposed here to
|| establish a monoply which in'its power would
overshadow all other monophes that we have ever
!| heard of or known.
Sir, I am opposed to this appropriation. And
: I desire now to call the attention of the House to
the purposes for which this $49,200 is to be ap-
plied:
! For the (3) three map* of the route near the 47th par-
 fifi t ,000
'! Fur thV '(8) eight maps of the routes near the 41st
j! and 3Sth parallel  13,000
i, For the two maps (general) or the loute near
i, the Soth parallel  5,000
■. For the maps of the 32d parallel, Pope's? (l)oueinap
m with additions from expedition^ of IK'n.ad I,§00
•1 Parke's (2) wo map* of the i e'.onnois-atice of ibo-i
i and 1855. one of whieli is to be substituted for the
!' map of 18.34    5.000
[' For the map:-connected with all tiie route*:
|[ Lieutenant Williamson** (,'>) Jive maps, li<o3-*54.. 6,000
!j do do (21 two do Jbcf5  3.000
1: Total for maps   $35,500
II For the to) five panoramic view* of the 4Kt par-
I, allel  §-3,500
■r0ial   S3P.OOO
Til addition to the above, which unle*<; engraved on cop-
per will io-^e intieh of then value, there aie other diatt'ings
'! wlueh it is veiy desirable to have engraved in the sauie
.' manner. The mo>-t important of the<e ;ue :
" Tho geological maps and seetion^ eo-t ...$1,506
' Ten of the rooMt important and elaborate view?,
eelccted from those ot all the pat  
