■;Tm
•-80
TEE CONGRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.
December 26.
P. Campbell, Lewis D.Campbel), Carlile, Caruthers,Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Graige, Crawford, Calleix, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English, EtU-
eridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,^Goode, Greenwood; Au-
gustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kid well,
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
JHumphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mill ward, Moore,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Fame>Peek, Porter, Powell, Pringle,
Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Iteady, Richardson, Rivers,
Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Tay-
lor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vaii, Valk, Walker,Warner,Wat
kins, Whitney, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—
105.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham,Bliss, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Buffington, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodil, Durfee, Edic, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hollo way, Thomas R. Horton, valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Kmght, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Mace, McCarty, Meacliam, Killian Miller, Morgan,
Mouill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearce, Pollen, Pennington, Peny, Pettit, Pike,
Purviance, Ritchie,Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
Spmner, Stanton, iStranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurs
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade,Wakeman, Walhridge,Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu I!. Washburne, Israel
Washburn,Watson, Wood,Woodruff, and Woodworth—94.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Previous to the announcement of the result of
the above vote, Mr. Matteson stated thai he
had paired off with Mr. Smith,'of Virginia; and
that he would have voted no, and the gentleman
fror« Virginia ay.
Mr. PtJRVIANCE. Mr. Clerk, I offer the
following resolution:
Resolvf.il, That until a Speaker is elected, the members
of tins House will hereafter continue to vote theict'or tiom
twelve, in., to sip. ni., of each day; and that all furtliei
discusi-ion, ppisoiui! explanation, aiui reason for voting or
changing votes, shall be prohibited until said election has
been effected.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I trust that the gen-
tleman from Virginia will allow the proposition
to be divided, so that the House may first take a
vote on the first branch of it. I approve of tlie
first part of the resolution, and would be per-
fectly willing to insert twelve o'clock, midnight,
in place of six o'clock, p. m. 1 think the House
ought to continue to votei until the Speaker is
elected. Let the motion to lay on the table be
withdrawn, and I will ask for a division of the
question. I shall give my vote for the first
branch of the resolution.
Mr. McMULLlN. I withdraw my motion to
lay tlio resolution on the table, and ask that it
may bo again read by the Clerk.
The resolution was again rend.
Mr. McMULLlN. Mr. Clerk, with due def-
erence to my friend from Georgia, I cannot con-
sent to the adoption of any branch of that resolu-
tion. It is perfectly competent for the House to
continue voting for Speaker from six to eight
hours each (lay. The adoption of the resolu-
tion is therefore wholly unnecessary. The gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] as well as the
gentleman who introduced the resolution, [Mr.
Purviancf.,] know full well that, when the House
is disinclined to vote, no vote can be had. I am
as anxious to proceed with our voting as either
fentlenian, or any gentleman upon this floor; but
do thmk that these propositions are unnecessary
and a useless consumption of our time. Therefore,
with due deference to the judgment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, I renew my motion to lay
the resolution on the table. I hope that the mo-
tion may be agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 demand tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CuLLENand
Colfax were appointed.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table, and it was agreed to; the tellers
having reported—ayes 90, noes 87.
So Die resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. SAGE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That until a Speaker is elected, the membeis
of this House will hereafter continue to vote therefor from
twelve o'clock, m., to four, p. tn., of each day; and that all
further discussion, personal explanation, and reasons for
voting and changing votes, shall be prohibited until said
election is effected.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend by striking
out all after the words, " each day."
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Carlile,] that he
should move to insert, in lieu of what he proposes
tostrike out, the words," and no motion to adjourn
at an earlier hour shall be in order." Unless
that is added, it will certainly amount to nothing.
Mr. LEITER. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New York to offer a resolution that
has just been laid upon the table?
The CLERK. It is substantially the same
resolution, but the gentleman from New York
has made an alteration in it.
Mr. LEITER. Well, has the gentleman from
New York, or any other gentleman, a right to do
that—to reoffer a resolution which has just been
laid upon the table ?
The CLERK. He offers it as a new proposi-
tion.
Mr. LEITER. Can he do thatf
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks he can; it is
substantially a new proposition.
Mr. SAGE. In order to meet the views of
gentlemen on both sides of the House, I accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Carlile.]
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire the attention of
the House for a moment. This resolution is but
calculated to consume time unnecessarily—per-
fectly unnecessarily; and, moreover, it bears upon
its face the principle of the gag law, to which I
am utterly opposed
I again appeal to gentlemen to know if it is not
now perfectly competent for us to come here and
vote from one; to six hours ? Where, then, is the
necessity for the adoption of any such resolution ?
It is perfectly idle.
I ask you, Mr. Clerk, and I ask every gentle-
man of this House, if it is not perfectly compe-
tent at any time for any member of the Souse to
move to adjourn, irrespective of any such resolu-
tion as this, should it be adopted' I say that it
is. You cannot tic up the hands of members here.
When gentlemen desire to adjourn, they will ad-
journ. Suppose this resolution should beadopted,
and suppose that,afterits adoption,some member
should rise and move an adjournment. I ask
you, Mr. Clerk, if you would'not entertain that
motion? A motion'to adjourn is at all times in
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Virginia why a motion to ad-
journ is at all times in order?
Mr. McMULLlN. Both the parliamentary
law and common sense make it so.
Mr. JONES. Because the rules of the House
made it so when you had rules; and I suppose
that, if this House should think proper to adopt
a regulation that no motion to adjourn should be
in order till a particular hour of the day, the
Clerk, or the Speaker, if elected, would notenter-
tuin the motion before that time. The House
has express authority under the Constitution to
make the necessary rules and regulations for their
government, and that is one of the rules which
they can make.
Mr. McMULLlN. But the question comes
up here whether this House is competent to make
any rules until a Speaker is elected, except in
matters relating to the organization of the House.
That is a debatable question, and one I am not
disposed to raise now. But I doubt very much,
with all due deference to the judgment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, whether it is compe-
tent for this House to adopt any proposition not
pertaining to the organization of the House.
However, I shall content myself with submitting
a motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. PECK. I would suggest to the mover of
the resolution, that he should so modify it as to
limit the restriction of debate to the time provided
therein for voting.
Mr. BOCOCK. There is nothing about debate
in it now.
Mr. PECK. Has that part been stricken out?
Mr. BOCOCK. It has.
Mr. PECK. Then I have nothing further to
say.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for tellers on the
pending motion.
The CLERK appointed'Messrs. McMcllin,
and Washburn of Maine, tellers.
The question was taken on Mr. McMullin's
motion,and the tellers reported—ayes 76, noes 85.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding thereto the words: "unless a
majority of the House desire to have debate, or
to adjourn at an earlier hour." With that amend-
ment the resolution will be entirely satisfactory
to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I presume that the
gentleman from Virginia does not seriously desire
a vote upon his amendment, and I submit to the
Clerk whether or not the original proposition is
divisible. I entertain no doubt upon the subject
myself; and, if the Clerk holds that it is, I ask
for a division, so that the vote may be taken on
the first part with reference to the adjournment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is all there is of it.
The latter part of the resolution has been with-
drawn.
Mr. COBB. Very well; then I have no prop-
osition to make.
Mr. HOUSTON. There may be some doubt
as to the proper construction of that resolution,
and I, therefore, ask the gentleman from New
York if he will modify it so that it shall read,
" shall continue in session," instead of " con-
tinue to vote," so as to leave it discretionary with
members whether or not debate under -the ten-
minute rule shall bo had? I did not understand,
Mr. Clerk, when I favored that resolution as far
as I have done so,thatitwas intended thereby to
cut off the ten-minute debate to which we have
been limited. If such is the purpose of the mover
of the resolution, and such the effect of it, I shall
vote against it. My object was to go with the
mover of the resolution so far as to keep the
House in session for four hours each day. I am
willing to give my aid in accomplishing that; but
I am not willing to cut off the ten-minute debate,
to which we have been reduced by the adoption
of the motion of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Quitman.] Therefore, if the gentle-
man does not see fit to modify his resolution so
as to meet my views, I shall propose to strike out
the words contained in the resolution, and to
insert in lieu thereof such as will embody my
views; that is, such as will provide that this body
shall remain in session, each day, until four
o'clock.
Mr. COBB. It seems that the action of the
House has already put a construction upon the
resolution. The resolution, as originally offered,
contained a provision which precluded any debate
whatever, and,by striking out that part of it, the
House has put upon the resolution this construc-
tion , viz: that the House will continue to vote for
Speaker, subject to the rules under which we are
now acting.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would say to the gentle-
man, that the original resolution not only pro-
posed to close all debate, but to continue in session
until six o'clock, and that maybe the reason why
the House laid that resolution upon the table.
If such was the case, it is not correct that the
House has placed upon the resolution the con-
struction which is contended for by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] Therefore, I pro-
pose, in order to remove all doubt as to the mean-
ing of the resolution, that it be so modified as to
provide that the House shall remain in session,
each day, until four o'clock.
Mr. COBB. -I would suggest to the mover of
the resolution, that he should insert in it the
words, " the House shall continue in session
until four o'clock."
Mr. SAGE. I have no objection to that sug-
gestion, and will adopt it.
Mr. COBB. Then there will be no difference
in opinion upon the construction.
Mr. SAGE. My object being to continue the
sessions of the House until four o'clock, I
accept the proposed amendment.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] insistupon his amendment?
Mr. LETCHER. I do, as the resolution will
be much more acceptable to me withitthan with-
out it.
The CLERK. The resolution has been modi-
fied since the gentleman offered his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Since the amendment has
