806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
The profiles to accompany the general map, and those
to accompany the maps of the routes  3,500
The detail maps of the route of the 35th parallel,
with the profiles  4,900
Sum *   $11,200
The total of the two then becomes $49,200
This, Captain A. A. Humphreys, of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, in a communication to the
Secretary of War, Mr. Davis, says, is as near
an approach as he can make to the cost; and the
committee sees that it is not only for maps, but
for panoramic views—not only for the maps of
those who were detailed to make the survey, but
for the maps of others, I believe, who have made
surveys on their own account.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said all that I in-
tended to say. I merely desired to place myself
on the record in regard to this Senate amendment,
to show that I am opposed to this whole expend-
iture of money, and to demonstrate, as far as I
can by my action, that I am for endeavoring to
curtail the expenditure of the Government in con-
nection with its printing and publishing, which
have run up to an enormous amount.
But these gentlemen say we must publish those
things for the purpose of giving information.
Now, for distribution in my district, of fifteen
thousand voters, I get forty copies of this book.
I imagine that with others here there is a larger
voting population in their districts than there is
in my district; and yet you get a small number
to give here and there; and when you distribute
them you are annoyed with letters from ten or
twenty times the number of persons who can be
supplied with copies. If we believe that we ought
to furnish to the public the information contained
in this report, why should we not furnish copies
to all who are interested in contributing the means
to sustain this Government, so that they may
have the knowledge which is communicated to
the more favored? My own notion about it is,
that we had better curtail the expense, and have
an end of such expenditures. Let us see whether
we cannot bring this matter within legitimate
limits. It has grown up largely ever since I have
been here in Congress; and I shall not undertake
to say, as the gentleman from Ohio did, that it
began here with the majority in the last Congress.
It began hero before that. And let me tell the gen-
lleman from Ohio that, so far as he is concerned,
1 think he did as much to fasten on the Gov-
ernment expenditure on this subject as any other
man in Congress. It was done by neither party
here. It was done by a combination of boih par-
ties; for there were always some of both who re-
sisted the expenditure of money. I hope, there-
fore, that tins expenditure will not be approved,
and that the committee will disagree with the
Senate in the amendment.
Mr. EVANS. I trust the gentlemen of the
Committee of Ways and Means will withdraw
their opposition to the amendment which I pro-
posed. It is necessary to complete the work. I
am well satisfied that the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Priming cannot do the engraving. I shall not
make any proposition to change the general law;
but it is certainly competent for this House, and
for Congress, to puss any act appointing any
person to do this special work. Now, 1 should
think that the high reputation of Mr. Secretary
Davis is a guarantee to those gentlemen who op-
pose the amendment, that the work will be done
well, speedily, and cheaply. This work has been
carried on under his direction; and the amend-
ment which I propose is to enable him to com-
plete it. There can be no clashing between any
person whom ho may employ and the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing. 1 am friendly to the
amendment of the Senate. I trust that the com-
mittee will adopt it; and to enable us to succeed
I trust that they will adopt the amendment I
propose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. This is a tempting
opportunity, Mr. Chairman, to twit our friends
upon the other side of the House upon the pre-
cise item that is now under discussion. It appears
that a contract, unknown to legal habitudes, has
been made by some person unknown, with some
persons also unknown, to publish a book which
is not in existence, the extent of which is entirely
conjectural, the contents of which are unknown,
perhaps, to the author himself, and certainly
unknown beyond the limits of his mind, which, is
only described by reference to certain routes that
cross the great prairies at three different points
towards the setting sun, and which, we are in-
formed by the same authority, will have some
relation, more or less remote, to a contemplated
railroad which, in the course of after ages, may
be made, either by the United States or by some
contractors, for the purpose of connecting the
eastern and western oceans.
The contract is as definite as the work, the
work is as definite as the object; and it is on that
work and that appropriation in its present indefi-
nite shape that this committee is now called upon
to pass.
In the course of this discussion some of our
friends on the other side of the House have taken
occasion to make innuendoes and allusions as to
the disposition on this side of the House to make
appropriations of money for wasteful purposes
of expenditure. Now, sir, with all possible re-
spect for the gentlemen on the other side, I beg
leave to say that this contract is theirs and not
ours. If it be determined to make this appro-
priation ofthree orfour hundred thousand dollars
for the purpose of printing and engraving this
work—if the House shall decide that the contract
is one which is fit to be carried out—then, al-
though this Congress may make the appropria-
tion m this deficiency bill, it should be added to
the appropriation bills of the last Congress, when-
ever the account comes to be settled between this
side of the House and the other. To them belongs
tlie whole of the folly—the whole of the wasteful
expenditure of that money.
Now, sir, I am, upon this subject, for being
moderate; I am for being reasonable; I am for
doing practical things in a practical manner. My
honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
who took the floor a while ago, touched upon a sub-
ject which is directly connected with that which the
committee has now under consideration. I differ
from my honorable friend both as to the powers
of this Government and as to what high policy
requires us to do. I think that the Government
of the United States has the right to make a road
wherever it has the right to send a soldier, or to
send a mail-bag. I think it is folly to make roads
where roads are already made; but I think it is
wisdom to make them where they are not made,
and where they are necessary for the purpose of
either military or postal transit.* Whether they
shall be made here or there is not, m my judg-
ment, a question of constitutional power, but a
question of expediency with reference to the par-
ticular work and expenditure, and one that is ad-
dressed to the discretion of the Government.
That we should make this work, so as to con-
nect the East with the West, in order that wc
may be able to pour arms, and armed men, and
munitions of war, into our exposed western
dependencies, I have not the shadow of a doubt.
In the event of a war with any European country,
or with any considerable maritime Power having
a powerful fleet, these Territories and these States
upon our Pacific coast are entirely at their mercy.
There are no means by which this Government
can, in less than a year, concentrate there the
requisite material and men for warlike purposes.
And am I to be told that the United States can
send otir soldiers straggling over the western
prairies, trampling down people's corn fields, to
get to the field of battle, and cannot make roads
along which they can march? I have no such
unintelligible distinctions as that. Then", sir, if
we have the right to make a road, we have the
right to make the surveys and explorations inci-
dental to it, and those surveys and explorations
i ought to be published; provided, always, that
' they are scientific explorations, having reference
to an object which the Government has a right
to accomplish.
But in order to determine the question whether
this House can stand justified in ordering the
publication of this work, it rests with the legis-
lative wisdom which now fills that side of the
House, and which at the last Congress filled half
of this side also, to tell us what are the contents
of this report—which has no existence excepting
in the mind of the author—in order that we may
be able to judge whether it ought or ought not to
be printed. Is there any man here so wise as to
i be able to tell us its contents, so as to enable us
: to pass any judgment on the subject? If this
House shall see fit to appropriate any money for
the indefinite continuance of this indefinite work,
well and good. My vote shall not be for it.
Whenever the question comes up directly as to
whether we shall or shall not publish a report,
which is in existence—laid upon our tables so that
the gentlemen of the committee can judge of it—
of surveys made by competent officers, which the
Government sees fit to publish, I shall be ready
to vote for the publication; but when it comes
in this form of a " good thing" for somebody,
garnished with all manner of engravings, I say
that this Government has no constitutional power
to publish picture books. In that I entirely con-
cur with the gentleman from Virginia. I am op-
posed to the publication of the stories of interest-
ing travels which have been showered upon us
by past Congresses. Anything that is scientific,
such as geographical reconnoissances of the unex-
plored territory of the Republic, anything that
relates to the making of a road where the Gov-
ernment needs one for military or postal transit,
that I am ready to publish. Elegant views of
scenery, disquisitions and personal incidents, de-
scriptions of the red men, and of the shooting of
flying buffaloes, and all the matters of summer
tours, which crowd the pages of all those recon-
noissances which have been published during,the
last four or five years, have no business in Gov-
ernment publications, and ought not to be sanc-
tioned. What is the remedy for this ? It is to
do as every other Government in the civilized
world does—to establish a Government printing-
office, where there will be no contracts to be let—
where the Government will own the types and the
presses—where the workmen will be paid their
per diem for their labor—where the officers will be
paid their salaries—where there will be no outside
gains, and nothing to tempt any man in this House
or out of this House to induce the Government
to incur wasteful and needless expenditures. Sir,
I trust that a bill to establish such an office will
be reported before this Congress rises. I am
earnestly in favor of it. Until then, under the
present system, I shall vote only for the publica-
tion of reports already made, and of which the
committee and this House can judge, rigidly ex-
cluding everything in the nature of personal nar-
rative and of luxurious engraving.
Then, with reference to the form of the work.
Since the information is all the House has the
right to communicate, and all the people desire,
I am against this expensive quarto form, and
the publication upon elegant paper, and with
superb typography. We are not here for the
purpose of giving specimens of elegant typogra-
phy. Our purpose is to convey useful informa-
tion in the form of the ordinary documents of the
Government. The form that suits for the Presi-
dent's message will suit for the reconnoissances
of Oregon Territory. I am ready to vote for the
explorations made by scientific men published in
the ordinary form, but beyond that I am not
willing to go.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move to strike out the
words, " and the said maps and drawings shall
be engraved to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of War." I wish this matter to remain where
the law now puts it, under the supervision of the
Superintendent of Public Printing. The prop-
osition is like some which have preceded it—it
implies that the Superintendent is not competent
to the discharge of his official duties. The gen-
tlemen from Texas says that in his opinion the
Secretary of War is well qualified to have this
engraving done. I do not doubt it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my friend give way
for a motion that the committee rise ?
Mr. FLAGLER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration,and particularly the President'sannual
message, and had come to no resolution thereon;
also, that the committee had had under consider-
ation the amendments of the Senate to the defi-
ciency bill, and had come to no resolution thereon;
also, that the committee had had under consider-
ation the amendments of the Senate to the invalid
pension appropriation bill, and to the Military
