THE CONGRESSIONAL
July 21.
say in private conversation, that the acquisition
of Louisiana brought within the scope of the
Federal Government a new.element-altogether;
and whether constitutional or not constitutional,
the river Mississippi was unknown to those who
formed the Federal Government, and he was
willing to regard it,. in consequence of the Lou-
isiana purchase, as a .great inland sea, running
from North to South; and he was ready to make
appropriations for, it on the broad ground that it
ran through a sufficient number;of States to give
it a national character. I ask the Senator from
Michigan, and others who have quoted his names
if they have observed, in a single instance, the
limitations of his authority ?
Mr. CASS. I had the honor, the other day, in
my ,speech to the Senate on this subject, to state
expressly that Mr. Calhoun made two limitations.
That stated by the honorable Senator was not one
of them. I will state his two limitations. One was,
that harbors of refuge are within the constitu-
tional powers of Congress, and not harbors of
commerce. That, practically, is of little import-
ance to' us on the lakes; for there is no harbor
there that is not a harbor of refuge. T hey are
very much wanted. His other limitation was,
that a river running through or between three or
more States, no matter whether the Mississippi
or any other, may be improved by the Federal
Government. He deduced that from the Consti-
tution, not from the cession of Louisiana. These
were Mr. Calhoun's doctrines.
Mr. BUTLER. He did, I know, deduce it
from the Constitution; because, whatever the
Constitution could have done before in reference
to maritime interests on the Atlantic, he said was
applicable to the Mississippi. I dissented broad
ly from him on this question. But 1 did not say
lhat he did not derive the authority from the
Constitution; but he applied to the Mississippi
what had been applied to the other maritime inter-
ests, and he thought the Mississippi came fairly
within the purview of constitutional authority.
The appropriations made by these bills, however,
have not been with reference to any one of his
limitations. If you say that a harbor of refuge
is a harbor of commerce, you confound the dis-
tinction which Mr. Calhoun intended to keep open
between them. If gentlemen undertake to take
refuge for these measures, they cannot take it
under the name of Mr. Calhonn. I did not agree
with him on this question.
1 have always said that it was in the power of
the States, by the consent of Congress, to make
a compact to keep open the Mississippi river. If
the people on the Mississippi river, or on the
lakes, now wish these improvements, why do not
two, three, or four States enter into compacts for
the purpose of improving the navigation? I
should be reconciled somewhat to the Missis-
sippi, on the ground winch I have stated—that it
runs through more States than any other river on
the earth; although 1 do not at all agree with the
experiment of voting $ti00,00U to take mud away
winch will be washed in again; but that is a
question of expediency.
The Senator from New Hampshire has made
allusion to the fact, that I seemed to be somewhat
indifferent to the appropriation for guns, while I
have been vigilant in relation lo the appropriations
for rivers and harbors. I will say to the Senator
from New Hampshire, if it be any consolation to
him, that I did not vote for the appropriation for
making rifles out of old muskets. I did not be-
lieve in it.
Now, sir, I think if you were to do justice,
the best way would be to divide the $70,000,000
among the States, and let each State use it as
she thought proper; but that will not be done
because there are portions of this Confederacy
which have the appropriation in their power, and
if they have it all by construction of the Consti-
tution, what is the use of giving it to the minor-
ity. We who are m the minority can getnothing.
We may ask for it; but if we were to ask for an
equal distribution of the money, would it be
granted? We should be told that it was uncon-
stitutional to raise money and then distribute it
among the States. Why, sir, you would have
many voices against it, and they would all come
from one source. There is but one course to
winch the appropriations for these improvements
are running, and it is as was said by the fox on
looking at the tracks going into the lion's den;
nulla vestigia retrorsum." There is no retracing
it—all goes one way.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Michigan just now spoke in terms of very de-
served eneomium of an officer of the topographi-
cal corps, whom it has been my good fortune'to
know for a great many years, and who I know
deservedly stands in. his corps as one of their
most enlightened men, able, experienced, and of
undoubted probity—I mean Colonel James Dun-
can Graham. Now I want to know from the
honorable Senator from Michigan, whether Colo-
nel Graham has made any report upon the expe-
diency or practicability of improving the flats of
St. Clair river, in reference to which I think we
passed a bill at this session ?
Mr. CASS. He has made a report, and it is
on the honorable Senator's table. It has been
laid on the table of every Senator.
Mr. MASON. Sent here at this session ?
Mr. CASS. ' At this very session I offered a
resolution calling for it.
Mr. MASON. I have not read it, because I
have not seen it. I ask the Senator therefore to
say whether Colonel Graham reports on the ex-
pediency or practicability of improving these
flats in the way proposed in the bill ?
Mr. CASS. It is a long report. There are
two or three channels across the St. Clair river.
One is much longer than the other. Colonel
Graham is of the opinion that it would be best
to take the longer route, at the expense of per-
haps half a million of dollars. The bill was
reported by the committee before his report was
made. The report did not come until late. He
was collecting materials as to the statistics of
the region. The bill has taken the old survey,
and a shorter survey of about half a mile,
which engineers calculated could be completed
for $45,000; but if experience should subsequent-
ly show that Colonel Graham was right, it will
have to be done. His report is, that the chan-
nel, as I before stated, will be filled up by sand, as
the President states in his veto.
Mr. MASON. I had not read the report, and
did not know that one had been made; but I did
hear in some way during the present session—I
do not know from what quarter, certainly not
from Colonel Graham, because 1 have had no
communication on that subject from him*—that
it would appear from this report of Colonel Gra-
ham, that the mode of improving the river con-
templated by the bill passed by the Senate was
utterly impracticable, and, as the Senator from
Illinois has expressed it, merely squandering
money.
Mr. CASS. It is a question whether the sand
of Lake St. Clair will be thrown in to fill the
channel. Colonel Graham reports that it has
had that effect. Captain Nicholas, of thp Navy,
has written to me, that, in his opinion, it has
not changed at all. He has been there for some
years; but if it is changed, and it is to have that
effect, it will have to be done.
Mr. SEWARD and others. " Question !"
Mr. MASON. ^No, not yet. The honorable
Senator from New York deprecated ffie turn this
debate was taking, as I understood him, which I
construed to mean deprecation that the true con-
dition of this class of appropriations should come
before the country. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, who, we all know, is conversant with the
mode of appropriation, and the mode of executing
these works by the Federal Government, has
given us the benefit of his knowledge on that
subject; and it is that, although some good is
done, forevuiy ten dollars expended you receive
one dollar benefit. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, who is now the Corypheus on this
subject, has said, as I understand, that, although
it is undoubtedly true that (hey have committed
great blunders, and where they thought the sand
would not come in they find that the sand does
come, and where they thought their harbors could
be made they have not been made, yet these
blunders might be expected. I understood the
: Senator to say, that you cannot make works of
j this character without paying for experience and
science, and you must expect money to be wasted
to get at some good. That is the substance of
his statement. That is the very thing exposed
here by the Senator from Illinois; and I submit it
to the knowledge of the world, to the knowledge
of human affairs, to all who listen to me, that if
you are going to take the money from the United
States by hundreds of thousands of dollars, and
expend it upon obscure localities, can you expect
anything else ?
Now I come back to the St. Clair flats and to
the report—which I am sorry to say I have not
read, for it has not been in my power to keep up
with the whole business of the nation,—I mtaii
the report of that gentleman to whose knowledge
and capacity and integrity the honorable Senator
from Michigan himself has borne a just testimony
here; 1 allude to Graham. I have not read the
report, but I understood the Senator from Michi-
gan to say that he suggests a very grave doubt, at
least, whether these are not shifting sands that
you cannot control by deepe#ng the channeL in
the mode proposed in this bill; and yet the money
is to be expended. Sir, we are legislating igno-
rantly on this subject, and of necessity from igno-
rance; and we are legislating with a degree of
improvidence, wasteful improvidence. I only
wanted to say that there were reasons—certainly
none which were ascribed by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York—why it would be better
for those who favor these expenditures that this
debate should not go on.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not rise to
detain the Senate; but having heard the remarks
which have been made in relation to the opinions
and course of Mr. Calhoun on this subject, I
think a tribute to the statesmanship of that distin-
guished gentleman is due from me, in view of the
opinions which I entertain, and the principles
upon which that great man proceeded when he
gave his sanction to the policy of making appro-
priations for the improvement of the navigation
of the Mississippi and its great tributaries. I
never had any idea that that distinguished gen-
tleman supposed he could deduce very satisfac-
torily to himself, from any particular provision
of the Constitution, the power of improving the
river Mississippi or its large tributaries; but he
took a view of the subject, which, allow me to
say, is characteristicof him, as I think it ought to
be characteristic of every great mind who is in
control or possession of any influence in this Con-
federacy. He saw that the improvement of the
navigation of that river and its tributaries was of
such powerful influence, affecting all the States
and all the people of the great valley of the Mis-
sissippi, that one of two things was to be the re-
sult. Those interests were so great, that to come
to the conclusion that the Constitutisn of the
Federal Government, the organic law of this
great Confederacy, contained no power to improve
or to render easy and safe the navigation of these
great internal communications, would be attended
with dangerous consequences. Such a power was
a desideratum not only in this Government, but
in any Governmentof a similar kind. Itwas clear
that the States bordering on the river had no
power to render safe or improve the navigation
of it. He saw that it had such a potent control
over the actions of the States and the people of
that section of the Union and the valley of the
Mississippi, that they would seize hold of any
reasonable or plausible ground of construction in
the Constitution (cither that provision which
gives Congress power to regulate commerce, or
the war power, which is a stronger one perhaps,
than that of commerce) to improve these rivers,
and to render the navigation safe and easy. This
presented such considerations to his mind, that
lie saw this construction would be forced on the
country through the necessity of the case; that
it must either be regarded as a casus omissus al-
together, or that we must derive it from either
one of those powers.
I have always considered that the war power
was an amply sufficient one as a foundation for
the appropriations for constant improvement,
whether the sands accumulated at the Belize or
anywhere else. That great man considered it
expedient and proper for him, as a statesman of
this country, to come to the conclusion that he
might safely and properly derive the power to.
improve that great channel of intercourse in the
j West, and its principal tributaries, just as readily
and with as much propriety as the power to make
appropriations for facilitating and rendering easy
and safe the navigation of the Atlantic; and he
thought it was better to assume that ground as
t an American statesman, than to have that con-
' struction forced on the Constitution through Con-
