THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Foorth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 23, 1856.
New Series....No. 100.
gresa by the magnitude of the interests connected
with it, and thereby lay the groundwork for the
overflow of all the landmarks of the Constitution
in regard to other great and important subjects.
Upon these grounds he came to the conclusion
that it was a safe policy to admit the power in
regard to such obvious and expedient objects of
internal improvement, rather than to suffer the
temptation to be presented to the country of a
too wide and latitudinarian doctrine in regard to
the construction of the Constitution 011 other
great points and principles.
These are the grounds on which I have always
considered that Mr. Calhoun yielded his consent
to appropriations for these measures, as great and
profound views of a statesman of this country,
desiring to preserve the Constitution and the
Union of these States. I have always given him
credit for these motives, and I desired to state on
this occasion the grounds on which X considered
him justified (although it seemed to be a depart-
ure from the stricter principles of the party to
which he belonged, and of which, in fact, he was
the head,) in his course on this subject. He was
a great man and pvofound statesman in every
respect. I wished to say on this occasion, as I
have said to my friends for fifteen years before
his death, that I had no distrust of Mr. Calhoun.
If I could have seen him President of the United
States, I should have considered that I saw a man
there who would have been one of the greatest
conservators of the Constitution and the Union
that ever we saw in the executive chair.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not detain the Senate
at this late hour of the day, but I give notice that
I will endeavor to go 011 with these bills to-mor-
row, and 1 shall ask the attention of the^ Senate
to-morrow, if an executive session is now
desired.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will finish
them to-day, for I wanted, after consultation, to
get up the resolution in regard to the Sound dues.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall agree with the Sena-
tor to take up that, but there is time enough for
both.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 19, 1856.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM. COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the reception of reports of a private nature.
The standing committees will be called in order
for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Edward L. Norfolk,
of Massachusetts, for compensation for services
rendered the Government of the United States in
constructing machinery, &c., at Memphis navy-
yard; and said petition was laid on the table.
Mr. COAIINS, from the Committee 011 Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Solomon
Hopkins; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
-with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SNEED. I move that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of a bill to iiquidate
the unadjusted contracts of the Tennessee river
improvements, in order to put it on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That can be done oniy by
unanimous consent.
106
Mr. SNEED. 1 ask the unanimous consent,
then, that it may be done. I am sure, when gen-
tlemen understand the case, they will not make
objection. It will take but a moment.
!Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Let us proceed with
the business regularly.
Mr. PHELPS. I give notice that I shall ob-
ject to the reception of anything but reports of a
private nature.
Mr. SNEED. If it be in order, I move that
the rules be suspended, to enable me to make the
motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order on this
day.
Mr. SNEED. It is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is only in order on Mondays.
Mr. TKORINGTON, from the Committee on.
Public Lands, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 2G) granting
bounty land to Jared L. Elliott; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
back, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute, a bill (H. R. No. 158) granting to the in-
habitants of the town of St. Genevieve, in the
; State of Missouri, for the support of schools,
certain vacant tracts and lots of land; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Francis Wiodecki; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, together
with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRENTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (1:1. R. No. 232)
granting bounty land to Jonathan Lambert, of
Darke county, Ohio; which was laid on the table,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the following petitions; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Timothy Eaton, praying that
the assignment of a land warrant made by George
Watson to him may be made legal.
i The petition of citizens of Cape May county,
' New Jersey, who served as volunteers in the
war of 1812, praying an amendment of the
bounty land act of March 3, 1855.
The petition of certain citizens of New Jersey,
praying that the provisions of the bounty land
act of March 3, 1855, may be extended to them.
The petition of the citizens of Penobscot,
Maine, praying for an amendment to the act of
March o, 1855, granting bounty land.
The petition of citizens of the State of Penn-
sylvania, praying for an amendment of the bounty
land law.
j; The petition of Thomas W. Howard and others,
'i heirs of Alexander Talbot, praying that the late
\ act of Congress granting bounty land may be so
[ i amended as to allow them to receive a warrant for
[j such bounty land as their ancestors would be
|! entitled to, if alive.
!| The petition of Hon. Benjamin Rugbies, Hon.
'! William Kennon, Sr., and tej other citizens of
Belmont county, Ohio, for the amendment of the
bounty land law of 1855, so as to grant one hun-
- dred and sixty acres of land to the children of
soldiers of the United Staler killed in the war of
^12- , , ,
;j The petition of Rebecca Chanuler ana others,
i; for amendment of bounty land aot. ^
i! The petition of Margaret M. Davidson, asking
J for bounty land as the only minor heir of Adam
i Piekard.
The petition of Billings Spellman, of Cold
!]' Spring, New York, praying an amendment of
!; the bounty land law.
:> The petition of Eunice Fairbanks, of Massa-
chusetts, for bounty land.
The petition of Ann Billings, praying bounty
land for the services of her iat'iei 9 Jauob CiufiC,
in the reti'lutionary war.
The petition of Francis C. Treadwell and others,
soldiers of the war of 1812, praying for grants of
land for services in said war.
The petition of Lucretia Brown, of Massachu-
setts, praying for a modification of the bountv
land law of 1855.
The petition of James Kemrard, a soldier of
the war of 1812, for relief.
The petition of Nathaniel Perkins,for amend-
ment of bounty land law, so as to admit of oral
testimony in proof of service.
The petition of Maria Everit, widow of Jere-
miah Everit, deceased, praying for an amendment
of the bounty land act of March 3, 1855.
The petition of Lucy Brigham, of Massachu-
setts, praying that a pension be granted her upon
proofs now on file in the Pension Office.
Mr. _ BENNETT, of New York, from the
Committee on Public Lands, reported a bill for
the relief of Mark and Richard H. Bean; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (S. 32) for the
relief of Rebecca Freeman; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to report a bill which I
hold in my hand, and which has been ordered to
be reported by the unanimous consent of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, the crbject of which is to
appreciate the price of land warrants?
Mr. RITCHIE. I object, as it is not a private
bill.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nancy D. Holker; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petitions of Jane W.
Ballard, and the heirs of Ethan Allen; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MURRAY, from ths Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Alexander Stevenson; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRAFTON. I wish to submit a report
from the Committee for the District of Columbia,
in the case of the claim of Jonas W. Nye, and
ask that the report may be made a special order
for next Friday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. TRAFTON, from the Committee for the
Distiict of Columbia, then reported the following
joint resolutions; which were read a first and
second time, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and the resolutions and reports ordered
to be printed:
Joint resolution for the relief of J. W. Nye,
assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart;
and
Joint resolution in favor of J. W. Nye.
Mr. HORTON, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to confirm the title of Ethan Ray Clark
and Samuel Ward Clark to certain land claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government; and
A bill for the relief of Roswell Miiiard, father
of Theodore Minard, deceased.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the memorial of the Boston and
Lake Superior Mineral Land Comr.sny; which
was ordered to be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. HORTON. of Ohio, I am ditecled by
the Committee on Pri\ate Land Claims to report
back House bill (No. 403) for the relief of the in-
habitants of St. Louis county, Missouri.
