1856.]
APPENDIX 1X) THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGftfc
71
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations icith Great Britain-—Mr. C<iss.
Senate.
the besinning, he has been no friend of this treaty;
nor do I believe it would have been formed, had
lie directed the Government at the time. And I
believe, now, sir, that these difficulties would be
adjusted by an honest interpretation being put
upon this 'convention, within one month after
the accession of a liberal statesman to the station
now held by Lord Palmerston. Till that event
takes place, it will be the dictate of true wisdom
not to anticipate, though we will still hope for,
an amicable arrangement—but to take counsel
from the duty we owe to ourselves. The treaty,
from its commencement, has been set at naught
upon the most flimsy pretexts.
It is evident that Lord Clarendon has adopted
the views, and participates in the feelings of Lord
Palmerston upon this whole subject, as also that
the pretensions they have advanced will be tena-
ciously adhered to. For myself, I do hot see
how they are to be abandoned without self-stulti-
fication by those, who have thus far so strenu-
ously maintained them. The attempt to torture
language to the accommodation of preconceived
purposes was never more palpable than in this
case. Let any one compare the able and frank
opinion of Mr. Johnson, who was our Attorney
General, when this treaty was negotiated, with the
opinion given by the Queen's Advocate, the law
officer of the British Government in its coramuni- j
cation with other Powers, and he cannot but be j
struck with the contrast. Before I sit down, I
shall ask to have Mr. Johnson'sopinionread at the |
Clerk's table. It is entitled to hign commendation i
for its clearness and ability; and I am happy to !
have this opportunity of testifyingmy respect and
regard for that able and accomplished gentleman.
And what says the Queen's Advocate, that high
legal counselor? Why, that the treaty provides
that neither party shall occupy, or fortify, or
colonize, or assume, or exercise any dominion—
[Mr. Clayton. Any dominion—meaning any
dominion whatever.]—over Central America; yet
that either party may, at its pleasure, send a fleet ;
or army into any part of that vast region, if it abstains j j
from occupying, or fortifying, or assuming, or exer-
cising dominion therein. Now, sir, all this, I repeat,
is not less an insult to common sense, than to
the position of our country before the world. It is
equally in defiance of the spirit, and of the text of
the arrangement. Here is a mutual convention,
entered into, for the purpose of securing an im-
portant region from the control and influence of
the contracting parties, professing to leave it to
its own management ana its own fate; and now
it is maintained that fleets and armies may invade
that country, (I do not speak of a just war; that
is without the treaty; but of armaments sent for
protection, as it is called,) provided they exercise
no dominion. I desire to know how a British army
could encamp upon the soil of Nicaragua without
occupation and the assumption of dominion?
They might not choose to interfere with the inter-
nal administration of the country; but that volun-
tary forbearance would not affect their power or
influence in the slightest degree. You might as
well say, that the Austrians exercise no dominion
at Ancona, nor the French at Rome, because the
local police at both places is left to do its own
ungracious work. "Dominion," says the great
Bnglish lexicographer, "ispower;" and to con- i
tend that an English army, with the panoply of war, '
eould traverse one of those feeble Central Ameri-
can States without power—powerless indeed !— 1
is to say that language has lost its force, and that'
conventions for the accommodation of national j'
differences are but waste paper, to be read, as the !
purposes of interest or ambition may dictate. j J
It was not difficult, it appears to me, to antici- <
pate the present state of things. Certainly, I i
thought I foresaw it, and I predicted it three years
ago. Lord Clarendon kindly wrote a dispatch
to Mr. Crampton, dated May 27, 1853, a gratu-
itous one for our benefit, designed upon its face
for publication, in which he said: " As gveat mis-
conception appears to prevail, not only among
the people of the United States, but also among
persons placed in high and responsible situations
in the governments of that country, respecting" ,
the "engagements of Great Britan under the Clay- '
ton-Bulwer treaty," he thoughtit desirable to put |
it on its right footing. He does so by his conclu-
sions, fortified by the opinion of the Queen's I
Advocate, to which 1 have already referred, and
Which proves, that a weak country may be tra-
versed by an uhresisted army exercising no power,
and occupying no space; and that such a warlike
expedition is the fair fulfillment of a treaty, which
sought, with jealous vigilance, to exclude both
parties fVom the exercise of any influence by one,
which might be turned to the injury of the other.
Lord Clarendon, in this letter to Mr. Crampton,
went over the whole matter, and this was my con-
clusion as to the course of the British Government:
" They will hold on to all their pretensions, and
will not sacrifice their interest to our misconceptions.
That is Lord Clarendon's term for our construc-
tion of the treaty." The fulfillment has come.
I referred, a few days since, to the anxiety of
the British Government to obtain an ascendency
in the South American country, in order to con-
trol the great highway across the Isthmus, ren-
dered of incalculable importance by our acquisi-
tions upon the Pacific coast. Accident has brought
to light a document confirmatory of these views.
It is a letter from the British vice consul at Gre-
nada to Lord Palmerston, dated April 4,1849, in
which that functionary, speaking of the projects
of citizens of the United States to establisha com-
munication with the Pacific by the route of the
San Juan, says, that this, and other circumstances,
had injured the British interests, and that the
Country " Will be overrun by North American
adventurers, unless an arrangement is made by
negotiation for a protectorate and transit favor-
able to British interests," &c.
But the gist of the correspondence is in the
concluding paragraph, where the writer says:
" The welfare of my country, and desire of its obtaining
the control of so desirable a spot in the commercial world,
Ktid free it from tlie competition of so adventuresome a race
as the North Americans, impel me to address your lord-
ship with such freedom."
We have here a key to the whole line of policy,
which dictated, and yet dictates, the course of
England. There was fittl'e necessity for the con-
sul to deprecate the displeasure of Lord Palmer-
ston. The proposition went, no doubt, to the
head and heart of his lordship—perhaps it was
followed by promotion. The prospect that a
route across the continent, by canal or railroad,
would be undertaken-and accomplished by our
citizens, unquestionably led the British Govern-
ment, or such portion of it as favored the meas-
ure, to enter into this treaty, with a view to in-
sure a participation in the advantages. The par-
ties jointly agreed, in the words I have already
quoted, that neither should " occupy or fortify, or
assume, or exercise dominion over Central Amer-
ica, including Mosqujto," &c. I observed, on a
former occasion, that I could not conceive why
tjie word " occupy" would not have fulfilled the
intention of the parties, and why these pleonasms
were introduced into the treaty, rendering it per-
haps doubtful, by overloading it with words. I
am now enabled to do justice to our negotiator,
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] and from information not derived from him,
and to say, that this redundancy of language was
no fault of his; but that he was placed in a situ-
ation, which rendered it proper to yield though
inclined against it.
But I must also make the amende honorable, and
acknowledge, that, in my opinion, formed upon
subsequent circumstances, whether the phrase-
ology of the treaty had been concise or prolix,
the construction would have been a foregone con-
clusion, and just what it now is. We should
have had the same prudential interpretation, which
is hallowed in English diplomacy, and which,
many years since, was applied to a treaty between
Spain and England, in relation to this very region
of country. This remarkable, or rather remark-
ably disgraceful, incident was alluded to the other
day, but it will bear repetition as a useful lesson
in the mazes of a tortuous policy,
A treaty was concluded in 1783, between Spain
and England, the sixth article of which provided
for the abandonment of the Mosquito country, as
a portion of the " Continent Espagnol." There
was a great reluctance on the part of the British
Cabinet to this withdrawal, and, at the same ;
time, a strong desire to terminate the pending
war by the conclusion of a treaty. The King
was honestly inclined, and hesitated to give his
assent. Mr. Fox, then one of the Ministers,
undertook to remove his objections. He urged,
that it was in their power to put their own inter-
pretation upon the words, '' Continent Espagnol,''
and to determine, upon prudential considerations,
(that is the term,) "whether the Mosquito shore
came under that description or not." And this
expedient prevailed; and, though Mr. Fox and
his associates knew full well, to speak in plain
language, that they were cheating the Spaniards,
who thought, as everybody else thinks, that the
words, "Spanish continent," meant that portion
of the American continent, yet the treaty was con-
cluded and ratified, and prudential considerations
excluded the Mosquito shore from its operation.
The King, while he gave his consent, did so with
hesitation, and considered the "circumstance a
Very untoward one." He might have truly qual-
ified it by a much harsher epithet. I am uuder
the impression, that the same prudential rule would
have been again applied, to retain the same Mos-
quito country, even if the words of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty had been less equivocal upon this
point than they are, if that is possible.
Mr. President, it is within the recollection of
the Senate, that some two years since,! had a
discussion with the Senator from Delaware upon
this treaty, when I took exceptions to a portion
of its phraseology, as well as to other circum-
stances, connected with it. I never doubted, nor
did I ever express a doubt of, the patriotic pur-
pose of the Senator; and I renew an acknowledg-
ment I then made, that during the progress of the
negotiation, he did me the honor to consult me,
as well as other Senators, and that I warmly ap-
proved his eftort. Now, sir, I have nothing to
say as to these past differences of opinion; they
are gone by. While pending, they embraced
questions relating to our internal affairs—to the
course and conduct of a functionary of our own.
But now we are drawn into a discussion with a
foreign Government, respecting the honest inter-
pretation of the, treaty, and the subterfuges—I use
the term advisedly—by which it is sought to avoid
its obligations. And I express my full concur-
rence in the various points taken by the Senator
from Delaware, and which he has supported with
that power of intellect and eloquence, which is
known to the whole country, and with a full
knowledge of tlie subject, directed by an active
and enlightened patriotism.
I have said, that the object of this treaty was to
keep the country from the occupation or influence
of the two parties. So far as respects us, the
object has been accom plished; and the proof of that
fact is, that no complaint of a failure has been pre-
ferred against us by our co-contractor. We have
not a foot of land in that region, nor the slightest
influence, except what results from a fair course
of policy; and we are disqualified from ever
making an acquisition in that quarter. Npt so
with England. The advantage is altogether on
her side. She retains all she claimed, while we
have debarred ourselves of the right of acquisi-
tion. It is an unequal arrangement, rendered such
by prudential considerations, producing a palpable
breach of faith.
What are the complaints we prefer against
England in relation to this treaty ? I will enu-
merate them as succinctly as I can:
1. We complain, as a general allegation, that
constructions are put upon it so manifestly incon-
sistent with its purpose and language, that the
very assumption is felt by us to be an insult,ttnd
seen to be such by the world.
2. But to come to specific statements, we further
complain, that these constructions are (Instructive
of the objects of the treaty. It is now said by Lord
Clarendon, that this instrument is prospective in
its operation. And so it is. If it had but a retro-
active be.aring, it wquld be but of little value. It
necessarily operates in the future, like almost ail
national arrangements. But, by prospective oper-
ation, Lord Clarendon means that, in some most
important particulars, it has no operation at all.
He claims, that it passes over the British pre-
tensions existing in Central America at the time
of its conclusion, and leaves them untouched by
its provisions. We contend, that it embraces all
the country named in it that is not expressly ex-
cepted; and that its operation commences from
the moment of its ratification; and that its obliga-
tions are perpetual.
