1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Acadcmy appropriation bill, and had directed him
to report back the same with a recommendation
that said amendments be non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER pro tempore Mr. Phelps in the
chair stated the question was first on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the invalid pension appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say a word or two in
reference to the amendments, and I hope thegen-
tleman will withdraw the call for the previous
question. I am willing that the call shall be
considered as pending. I think that we have done
unintentional wrong in reference to those inter-
ested in one of these amendments of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and, retaining the floor,
yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HAVEN. We have done an unintentional
wrong to invalids who were wounded on board of
private armed vessels during the war with Great
feritain. The amendment of the Senate making
appropriation for these old decrepit men has
been non-concurred in by the Committee of the
Whole. It ought to be retained in the bill. The
number of these old men is not more than twenty-
five or thirty.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Can the gentleman refer
to any law which authorizes the appropriation?
Mr. HAVEN. The appropriation bill of last
year contains alike provision; the appropriation
bill of the year before contains a like provision.
The reason why these pensions ought to be paid
is this: The money making the fund out of which
these pensions have been paid was made up by
a percentage on prize-money collected from these !
men by the Government. It has been said that !
this fund has been exhausted foryears. I under-
stand, however, that it has not been used up. If
it has, we ought to pay these pensions out of the
Treasury to these poor, old, decrepit men, who
did as good service to their country as though
they had fought under a commission from the
President of the United States. They ought to
have the pensions. They are the remnants of
the men who did great good on individual account.
I hope the House will vote down the motion to
non-concur m the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I explained the amend-
ment, as the Committee of Ways and Means
understood it, when we were in Committee of
the Whole, and I am surprised that my remarks
escaped the attention of the gentleman from New
York. The gentleman is mistaken when he says
that there is a fund out of which to pay these
pensions. That fund was exhausted as early as
1840; and the law of 18l3expressly provides that
the pensions shall not be paid out of the Treas-
uiy. It may be a hard case, but the gentleman
knows that we cannot appropriate money unless
we have authority of law to do so. The gentle-
man takes the ground that, because appropria-
tions have been erroneously made three or four
years, we shall continue to make them. His
argument is to this effect, if it has any weight
at all. I admit that, if an appropriation had been
made, without any statute upon which it could be
founded, for a long series of years—fifty or sixty
years—regularly, that might establish a usage of
the House, and be considered as a law; but these
appropriations have not been made continuously
since 1844. No appropriation was made last year.
Mr. HAVEN. I did not intend to enter upon
this discussion, because I know that it was by a
little irregularity 1 was enabled to make the sug-
gestion which I have. I stated that I hoped the
House would not concur in the action of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but that they would adopt the Senate
amendment. The gentleman says, that in 1844
some legislation was had which provided that this
money should not be paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. CAMPBELL. By the law of 1813.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to say that, after a full
investigation of this subject in the early part of
the first session of the last Congress, an appro-
priation was made for this very purpose. 1 hold
that law m uiy hand now. It is this:
*( For jm\ mjj pen>ions of invalids who wore wounded on
boaid of aimed vessels during the hir-t war with
Ureal I3ivuun,from the NfofJuly, 1851,to the30th ot June.
>X..J00; and the office t'orpuung puvateer pension* m
Boston iV heiebv abolished, and the said pensioners shall be
paid a« prn atoeY pensioners are paid at other place*.M
There was also just such a section in the ap-
propriation bill of last sessyon. The matter was
then discussedfully;andlbelieve,that,in adebate
in the Senate, although the Senate did disagree
with us in one instance, the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Pearce] agreed that, upon a proper
statement of the accounts of the Treasury, there
was sufficient money in the privateer pension
fund to pay up these pensions during the lives
of these persons.
But I do not rest the case upon that statement.
I put it solely and purely upon the ground that
these people, the remnant of a race which took
care of the interests of the country at atryingtime,
are entitled to this pension. There are only
about twenty of them remaining.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit the meritorious
character of the services of those men, and I can
feel just as deeply for them as the gentleman from
New York; but the gentleman has utterly failed
to tell me thatihere is any authority of law for
the appropriation of money out of the United
States Treasury for the purpose of paying these
pensions; and 1 do not care how great the ser-
vices may have been, or how long those persons
served, or how important their services to the
country, yet this is no way to recognize the char-
acter of those services, or to remunerate them.
If the gentleman from New York will bring in a
bill providing by law for pensioning that charac-
ter of public services, I will aid him in procuring
its passage; but until he can bring a bill before
the Committee of Ways and Means upon which
to stand, I must respectfully ask how he can
expect us to recommend it to the House? It is
clear that, so far from there being a law authoriz-
ing the appropriation, the law expressly provides
that thcie shall not be.
I move the previous question.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio if these persons are not no v.* in the
possession of pension certificates?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not as pensioners upon
the public Treasury, but as pensioners upon a
particular fund—the prize money.
Mr. DUNN. That affords a much stronger
reason why they should be paid out of the Treas-
ury, as that fund is now exhausted.
Mr. LETCHER. There is a summary of the
facts connected with this matter, made by Mr.
Pearce, of Maryland, in the Senate of the United
States in 1851, which will, I think, satisfy every
gentleman about it.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say to the gentleman
that my recollection in reference to that summcuy
is this: This appiopriation was struck out in the
Senate, but was put in again by the Hou5^ after
this summary was made m the Senate. The mat-
ter went back to the Senate, and there it wes re-
considered; and that gentleman came to the con-
clusion finally that the account stood the other
way.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me say, in reply to my
friend from New York, that when that matter
came bock to the House there was not, so far as
I have observed, any dispute at the time in regard
to the facts. Mr. Pearce, m the Senate, among
other things, said this:
"I wi-sh to state to the Senate the law upon that subject.
The puvateer pension fund wa? created in by the act
winch duected two pm cent, on the sales of puz<^ cap-
tured by pnvate aimed vessels to be revived by the collect-
ors and appropriated for the p.n nn'iit of pnvateei pen-ion1*,
accouhnsr to the laws to be p.v^ed by Confess m lutuie.
Congiessin 1613 passed an aetpiovidmg for the pajment of
pensions to person-; wounded on board private armed vessels
out of that pension fund, and out of no other tund \vhat<-A er,
thus excluding m cxpre^ teim-the idea that th<\\ ^hould be
paid out of the Tieasuiv. In 1814 Conjrre^ pa^eri another
act, granting pensions our of the same fund to the widow?
and oi phans of those who were slam on boaid private aimed
vessels. The pensions granted bv all these act** were paid
out of the pnvate pension fund for several year*, until the
l fund was exhausted, about the \ car 1840._ For a few years'
j after that, no uppioprratton? were made fiom the Treasury
of the Cm ted States for the pavment of privateer pension?.
| In 3814, however, without any law upon the subject. and,
i in fact, m evpress contradiction to the piovi^jons or tne
1 acts of J813-U4, which gianted piivateer pensions, C onaro>s
• was induced to insert an item in the general appropriation
bill, bv which payment of tiieae pensions, including arrear*,
was to be made'from the Treasury of the United Males*.
From that day down to the present, F believe uieyiiave
continued to appiopriate sums of money to pavthe-e puva-
teer peiiMons, which, by the acts creating them, wt u  lobe.
' a chaise upon the puvateer pension tund, and not a charge
upon the national Treasury."
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous question,
but withdrew it for
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I was going to suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio and to the House, that
we will not get action on these amendments this
afternoon; but as it is very important that these
bills should be passed at an early day, I shall
move that the consideration of the amendments to
the two bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be postponed till
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock—till the meeting of
the House; my reason for that motion being that
the House is now thin, and not disposed to act
upon them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire whether,
if that motion prevail, the consideration of these
amendments will be the first business in order in
the morning?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the House
postpone them, they will be the first business in
order in the morning.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I move that the
I further consideration of the amendments to bills
Nos. 69 and 70 be postponed until twelve o'clock
j to-morrow.
j Mr. COBB, of Alabama, and others. Oh, not
J so early as that.
I Mr. COBB, of Georgia. "Well, I will make my
| motion so as to accommodate gentlemen; and I
! will say until one o'clock to-morrow.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, RESOLUTIONS,
ETC.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have some com-
munications from the Departments which I wish
j to have referred to the Committee on Ways and
j Means, and printed.
j It was so ordered.
i Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, presented
a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of Ore-
! gon Territory, relative to the expenses of the In-
i' dian war; which was referred to the Committee on
j; Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. also, by unanimous consent, introduced
j, a bill, in pursuance of previous notice, relating to
j! the payment of volunteers in Oregon Territory;
j! which was read a first and second time, and re-
jl ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
j Mr. CLAWSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
II Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
i to inquire into the necessity of conducting a breakwater
j m the harbor on Crow tfho-d, Delaware Bay, at or near
i Cape May; and that they leport by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, in
i pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to protect designs as applied to paper hangings,
, and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
1 on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
■' sent, in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
'■ a bill for the relief of ihe Tampico volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
■' sented a memorial from the Legislature of Mis-
; sis^ippi, relating to Pass Manshac; which was
'■ referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to confirm entries of fractions, where the entries
i' have been made for ^1 25 per acre, when the same
do not interfere with private rights; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
!; And then, on motion by Mr. LETCHER, (at a
i quarter before four o'clock, p.m..) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
j! ' IN SENATE.
!j Thursday, April 3, 1850.
': The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Hopd
S. Newbold, widow of Charles Newbold, de-
ceased, praying for a grant of land as compensa-
1: tion for the'services of her late husband in mvent-
l! ing and bringing into use the cast-iron plow;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
' and the Patent Office.
