APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
This claim, that the British possessions held at
the ratification of the treaty were excepted from
its stipulations, is now heard for the first time, so
far as I know, and so says Mr. Buchanan; and
this very circumstance is a strong presumption,
unfavorable to the assumption, especially consid-
ering the investigations the treaty had undergone,
and the many minds that had been at work upon
it. Mr. Buchanan takes up this point, and dis-
cusses it with great force and clearness. Before
the treaty was ratified, there was an act of the
British Government, which is conclusive, as to
their opinion upon this pretension. The treaty
went to England, without any declaration, except-
ing the Honduras settlement from its operation.
If the construction now contended for, under the
term prospective operation, be the correct one,
there was no need of providing for the exclusion
of that settlement; because, being held by the
British at that time, it would not be affected by
the arrangement.
But the British Government returned the treaty,
and required an express declaration, that it did
notextendto their possessions—a demand utterly
inconsistent with this newly-discovered interpre-
tation, that, being prospective, existing claims are
protected from its provisions. And such, too,
was the view of the Queen's Advocate, in the
opinion, to which I have already referred, who
said, that the assumption, which he understood
had been maintained, that Great Britain had
abandoned all dominion over the whole of Central
America, was incorrect, at least in regard to the
Belize and its dependencies. The Belize and its
dependencies were, as the Queen's Advocate says,
expressly excluded from the treaty by a declara-
tion, accompanying the act of ratification; and the
expression, " at least as regards the Belize," is
sufficiently indicative of the opinion, that all other
portions of Central America came within the
treaty, and are not protected by this prospective
discovery, operating upon existing claims. And
Lord Clarendon himself, in his letter to Mr.
Crampton, of May 27, 1853, places the exemp-
tion of the British possessions—meaning the Be- 1
l'ze—upon the declaration of the negotiators, and ;
not upon this recently-announced and prudential j
canon of interpretation. I
What is the language of the treaty upon this :
subject? That the parties shall not occupy Cen- j
tral America. How can this stipulation be com- !
phea with, if one of them continues the occupa- j
tion previously held? To occupy is to do just !
what the treaty prohibits. And what reason is
given for this perversion of language, as plain as
words permit? " Because," says Lord Claren- 1
don, "the treaty does not contain, in specific '
terms, a renunciation on the part of Great Brit- j
am." And in what principle of international '
law, or of common sense, or of common hon-
esty, does Lord Clarendon find his justification
for such an assumption as this ? I know of none.
If a nation, or an individual, contracts, to do an
act, they contract the obligation to do all that that
act fairly requires. A stipulation not to occupy
necessarily includes within itself the duty of aban-
doning any pretension orpossession, inconsistent
with that obligation. And if one individual con-
tract with another, that he will hold no posses-
sion in a given district,—and that is the equiva-
lent expression in a private case for a national
stipulation of non-occupation, as no nation can
retain a country without occupation,-such indi-
vidual would forfeit all claim to honesty, if he
urged, as a reason for holding possession, that he
meant he would not hold what he had not, but
that what he had he would keep. Apply the same
considerations to the position of England, and
the discussion terminates itself.
J third article in ^rlistof grievances is, the
indefinite extension of the Belize settlement, and
™??er,clse °£*u"> unlimited jurisdiction over it.
branch of the subject has been so fully
presented both here, and by Mr. Buchanan in
England, and with marked ability, that I shall
pass over it, as rapidly as is consistent with its
clear understanding.
 Jh„6 uB1ritl,Sh„G°Ve^mJent has' for a century
and a half, held qualified possession of a small
region, including the neighborhood of the Belize
it was originally seized for the purpose of cutting
logwood; and after long and angry contents S
Spain, the latter Power finally recognized the
right to hold it for that object alone. So jealous J
was the Spanish Government, that it insisted
upon the most stringent provisions; that there
should be no armed force, no fortress, no agricul-
ture; expressly providing, that the natural fruits
of the soil should be its only produce, to be used
as food, and that there should be no manufac-
tories, but mills for sawing the mahogany into i
boards. And there are two acts of the British
Parliament, passed in 1817 and 1819, confirming
and recognizing this very limited jurisdiction.
They declared that the settlement at the Bay of
Honduraswas " a settlement for certain purposes,
in the possession, and under the protection, of his
Majesty, but not within the territory and domin-
ions of his Majesty," &c.
Now, sir, all these limitations upon the power
of Great Britain over that region are wholly dis-
regarded, and she has fortified it, and cultivates it,
and exercises as full dominion over it, as over any
other part of her territories. She does not merely
hold the usufruct—and that confined to the log- 1
wood trade—but the country is exclusively hers, j
for all the purposes of peace and war. It is a per- j
manent position on the great Bay of Honduras, j
And besides this change of tenure, and the con-
version of a limited right into an absolute proprie-
torship, Great Britain has greatly enlarged the
extent of the settlement beyond the boundaries
assigned to it, to the injury of the State of Gua- i
temala, to which the invaded country belongs, as
successor to the rights and possessions of Spain.
The most remote southern limit of this settle-
ment, ever recognized by Spain, was the Siboon
river, I suppose twelve or fourteen miles from the
Belize; but the British have extended it to the Sar-
stoon river, one hundred and fifty or two hundred
miles still further south, and as clearly in the State 1
of Guatemala as the James river is in Virginia,
j Some maps represent her encroachments as having
: reached the Golfo Dolce, still further down the
1 coast. |
! And this progressive invasion has been commit-
ted, without the slightest title of right or author-
ity—committed by the strong hand, and main- !
tained by it. Lord Clarendon, in his discussion j
; with Mr. Buchanan, claims this region " by right ;;
of conquest." But when it was conquered, and h
when ceded, he fails to tell us. The fact is, it
has been gained by successive acts of encroach-
ment, sometimes individual and sometimes colo-
nial, of which, till now, the British Government
has not publicly claimed the benefit. These,
now, constitute this "right of conquest." I have
before me a charge delivered, not long since,
by Chief Justice Temple, to a grand jury at the
Belize. He seemed to consider it necessary to
explain by what right the authorities exercised
jurisdiction over the country between the Siboon 1
and the Sarstoon rivers; and said "it was neither
by grant nor conquest, but by occupation."
Occupation is a title resting upon discovery, and
is applied to a region, which had belonged to j
Spain, or her emancipated colony, since the second |
voyage of Columbus. Doctors often disagree as ■
to a care for the patient, but seldom more point- i
edly than m this case.
4. We object to the occupation of Roatan, and
the cluster of islands in its neighborhood, in the
Bay of Honduras, and consider it a palpable
violation of the treaty. ^ And in the very face of i
that treaty, and after its ratification, a colonial 1
Government was established there, called the '
Colony of the Bay Islands, in contempt of the
stipulation, that neither party should colonize.
^ "What are the facts in relation to this agores- i
sion—for it is undeniably such—and what are the
objections to the claim ?
1. Roatan is said by Lord Clarendon to be one
ot the group of islands excepted in the note to ,
the treaty, and described as " the small islands
in the neighborhood of the Belize settlement, and
known as its dependencies." Now, there is
a cluster of islands—islets, rather—about three ,
leagues from the Siboon river, which are depend- !
encies of the Belize, and are beyond all doubt the 1
objects of this provision in the note; while Roatan
is a large, important island, four or five hundred
miles from the Belize. A cause must be weak
indeed, which depends upon such support. Ro-
atan is only some thirty miles from the coast of
Honduras, and belongs to it by as just a title, as
Long Island belongs lo New York.
2. Anotherground of claim to Roatan is founded
on the allegation, that by some maps it is in the
West Indies. I do not see, that Lord Clarendon
has assumed this position, but others have. I
state it only to show, that if a political measure
is determined on, reasons will never be wanting
, for its defense. This geographical elasticity, if it
goes on, may rob us of our good old island of
Nantucket, making it tropical for British pur-
poses, though not for those of nature.
3. One of the British titles to Roatan is a title
by right of occupation; and it is thus stated by
Lord Clarendon:
"Whenever lioatan has been permanently occupied,
either in remote or recent times, by anything more ih.in a
military guard and flagstaff", the occupation has been by
British subjects."
How cautiously is this worded, as the founda-
tion of such a claim ! When the island has been
j occupied,formerly or latterly, it has been by Brit-
j ish subjects! Then, according to this statement,
I the occupation has been interrupted, and no per-
manent possession held until the English seized
it; and yet a Central American garrison is con-
ceded to have been stationed there; and we know
that the island was wrested from it by force.
But still more extraordinary is the succeeding
declaration:
'• It has been, without the instigation of the Jiritish Gov-
ernment, of late years, spontaneously occupied by iSntish
subjects."
Spontaneous occupation is a new title in Eng-
lish colonial history. Had the British Govern-
ment the slightest faith in its title, there would
have been no spontaneous action,but an authorized
possession of one of the most important positions
in Central America. English subjects, according
to an English Minister, seized adistriet belonging^
by all the recognized principles of discover}', to
Spain and her emancipated colonies, and the Gov-
ernment steps in and takes advantage of the illegal
act. Apply such a case to us, and what horror
would be excited in England ? What would she
say if we permitted our citizens to wander through
the world, occupying regions at their pleasure,
j where they could gain foothold, and then should
: step in and convert their spontaneous occupation
1 into our sovereignty? and especially should we
do so at this time in Central America? In such
an event, language would fail me to describe her
virtuous indignation.
But what are the prominent facts connected
with this occupation? In brief, they are these:
In the year 1804, Colonel Henderson, the British
commandant at the Belize, who was sent to
examine this island, reported that it belonged to
Spain. In 1820, it was seized by a British force,
and abandoned on the remonstrances of the Cen-
tral American Government, which was then united
and strong. In 1841, it was again seized after
that Government was dissolved, and when Hon-
duras was feeble, and in a time of profound peace,
without urging the slightest pretense, so far as
appears: a mere act of piracy, to call things by
their true names. '
These five Islands, as I have already said, now
! constitute a British colony, organized since the
ratification of this treaty . They are a most val-
; uable possession, the principal of them, Roatan,
being a highly important naval station, abound-
j ing with excellent harbors, easily fortified, and
attording the means of commanding the great Bay
ot Honduras, and the communication along the
coast of Central America. And their adaptation
to these purposes constitutes at once their value
to England, and the motive for the tenacity, with
which she holds on to them, her solemn stipula-
; tions to the contrary notwithstanding. I am glad
to see, that the purpose has not escaped the saga-
city of our Government, nor the knowledge of it.
its avowal Mr. Marcv speaks upon this subject
with a frankness, which becomes his position arid
responsibility. He says, in a letter to Mr. Bu-
chanan of June 12, 1854:
" fioatan can only be desirable to Great Britain as a navat
and military station, and for that purpose only, as it would
give her great facility in affecting injuriously our interests.
Should she refuse to acknowledge it as a part of the State
a, retain possession of it herself, the United
States would clearly understand herobjecti A nredeterm
ination to interfere with our affairs thus manifested
precarious. "0DtJTmanCe °f °Ur amicabIe relations with her
