808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. REID presented the petition of William
L. Davidson, praying- for compensation for the
services of his father,''General William Davidson,
in the revolutionary war: which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the pe-
tition of Caty Vass, widow of Vincent Vass, de-
ceased, a commissary in the revolutionary army,
praying-for an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Joseph
L. McDonald, praying for compensation for his
services as consular agent of the United States at
the port of Powis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, piaying- for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of the State road, from the rapids
of Grand river to Grand Traverse bay, which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Gabriel
Bradford, praying to be allowed a pension m con-
sideration of "disease contracted in the discharge
of his duty as a soldier in the Army of the United
States; winch was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
- Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Tench
Tilghman, praying for the reimbursement of ex-
penses incurred by him in his outfit as United
States Consul to Mayaguez, in the Island of Porto
Rico, which consulate was abolislu d bv the Span-
ish Government while he was on his way to take
charge of his office; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS VriTIIDRAWjW
On motion by Mr. GEYER. it was
Qrdcrud, Tii.U ihe petition of James T. V. Thompson,
on the of the Senate, bo retorted to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
Ordered, That leave be sn anted to withdraw the memo-
rial of the St. Louis fion Mountain ltaihoad Company.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to coll up the House bill (No. 8) to
amend an act entitled k<An act in addition to cer-
tain acts granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States," which was
reported some time ago from the Committee on
Public Lands, not with the view of entering on
the discussion of it at this time, but to have a
particular day of next week set apart for its con-
sideration, and to make it the special order for
that day.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
■up.
Mr. FOOT. I now move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill till Monday next, and to
make it the special order lbr that day, at one
o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will change his motion bysubstitutmgsome other
day. It is known to the Senate that it is the
expectation of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Gever] to perform on that day a duty,
which he has for some time been prevented from
doing, to the people of his State—to speak on the
Kansas bill; and I understand it is the expecta-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories to require, if ho can do so, the attention of
the Senate to that subject during the next week.
Of course it is the expectation of the honorable
Senator from Missouii, ihji, hf> will have an op-
portunity to speak on that bill at one o'clock on
Monday. If the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont will move to make his bill a special order
lor Monday at an earlier hour, I should have no
objection; but it it is to be considered at anytime
alter one o clock, I must ask that it bo Dut over
at that hour, even on next Tuesday, for on that
day, according to the understanding, I expect to
have theuoor mywlf for the purpose of speaking
on the ivawsas question.
Mr. FOOT. Then I will change my motion so
as to make the bounty land bill the special order
tor half pa;;t twelve o 'cioek on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
HEPOJITS FROM COIMMITTEE3.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Hannah F. Niles, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read a first time and ordered lo a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Allbirs, to whom was referred House
bill making appropriations for restoring and main-
taining the peaceable disposition of the Indian
tribes on the Pacific and for other purposes,asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs: which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel V.
Niles, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Abraham Kintzing,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of William Marvin, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of William
Marvin, of Florida; which was read a first time
and ordered to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Samuel
"White, asked to he discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
zvotits of bills.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend " An act to
limit the liability of ship-owners, and for other
purposes," approved 3d March, 1851.
Mr. PUGH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the improvement of
the navigation of the Falls of the Ohio river.
WASHINGTON ARMORY.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a joint resolution changing the
location of the District armory from the Mall to
Judiciary Square, in the city of Washington;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senate will give
me their attention for a few moments while 1 ex-
plain this maltei.
At the last session of Congress, as will be seen
by reference to page 665 of the Statut- s of the
Thirty-Third Congress, an appropriation was
made of ^>30,000 to b<a expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War, for the erection
of this building. The following is the section:
" And tee Secie^ry of War be, and no hereby v-, directed
to cause to u? conf-tiuctedon such sae.jn a central position
of the public mounds m the oify of Washington, as may be
I selected by tlie lJie-ndent of the United States, a suitable
bnddiiiL' for the c.ue and preservation of the oidtiance, and
arm:* and aepouteimojits of the United Slater, required lor
l the n<=e of volunteer-* and militia of the Di.-trict of Columbia,
! and ior the caic a.id pi enervation ot tne military tiophies
of the ievolutionary and other wars, and foi the deposit of
i newiy-m\ mlcd and model anrn for th*- military iei-viec,
! the said oidnance and arm-, and the buildmsr, to be used bj
the voluntas and mihn.i ot the District of Columbia, under
i such regulations as maybe pre&ciihed by the President;
i and for the puipo-se of cariymg thin act into effect, the sum
j of be, and the same hereby is, appiopnaied out of
] any money in the Treasmv not otherwise appropiicited."'
I In pursuance of that b.w tlie site was selected
; on the public reservation known as the Mall.
. The President of the United States was intrusted
| with the selection of the site. He, it seems,
, it-'ferred the subject to the Secretary of War, who
! placed it under the charge of Colonel Craig, of
I the Ordnance Bureau. Colonel Craig says, in
reference to tlie sites which he viewed:
i <■ The ne^t t,:re=; examined were on reservation No. 9, in
rea; of the Cit\ Hall. This locality is moie central than
tlie others : it is diy, and poitions of it level, and m condi-
tion lbi building upon. Other portion? will require exten-
sive embankments to prepare it for building upon, a' a co-*t
that will reduce very considerably the amount appropriated
. for the erection of the arniwiy."
j The site named in this resolution is the one thus
] spoken of in Colonel Craigs report. I need not
; go on to state the reasons why the site on the
j Mall ought not to be selected. The Committee on
I the District of Columbia are unanimously of
| the opinion, that it was improper; and I think it
; will strike the whole Senate as having been an
' improper selection for this building.
" The size of the building recommended by the
Department," says Colonel Craig, "for the arm-
ory, is one hundred by thirty-five feet, and two
stories high."
Yesterday morning, Major Bell, of the Army,
came to the committee room and showed us a
plan by which, I think, the building has already
grown to one hundred and four by fifty-five feet,
and three stories high. The building, if con-
structed according to the plans which I have seen,
will, in my opinion, though I do not know much
about such matters, cost largely over $100,000.
This will be the result, if the officers shall be
allowed to go on as they have commenced.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate for
moment to what Colonel Craig said in his report
to the Secretary of War at the commencement
of the present session, to show how this abuse is
growing upon us:
" Tina Department was required to furnish an estimate
of the cost ot erecting an armory for the reception and pres-
ervation of the arms of the voiunteeis of the District of
Columbia; and on the 29th of June, 1854, such an estimate,
amounting to the sum of $30,000, was furnished, accom-
panied by a plan of such a building as was deemed suitable
for that purpose; but before final action was taken m Con-
gress on the measure, two other purposes were connected
with the pian—one for a depository for models, and the
other a depository for national trophies—either of which
womd increase the estimated con as proposed in this offic«
for the crection of the aimory. Plans combining the three
puiposes have been prepared, and proposals have been in-
vited for the erection of the building; but as the expendituie
is limited to the appropriation, it is not expected that any
ofters of a satisfactory kind will be made
Hero we find that without consulting Congress,
proposals were issued for increasing this building,
which are confessedly above the amount of the
sum which Congress appropriated, and expected
to expend in the construction of the building.
He added this note:
" Note.—Since this was written, a bid ha* been accepted
and a contract made foi building the armoiyonthe plan
combining ihe three purposes; but m order to bring th«
bid within the available means, it was necessary to omit
fiom the specifications of the work required by tlie plan,
the furniture of the building, sti'-h as e'un lacks and aceou-
t^iiiient pre^e^, raid the pointing of these <ind the outride
walls. Should it be deemed advisable to ptovide for the
omitted woik,and to canyoutthe proposition immediately
following, in illation to the reception and arrangement of
models of small-arms under the diioction of the inspector
ofthat branch, an additional appiopnation will be required."
A bid has been accepted on the plan which it
is admitted will cost much more than the amount
of the appropriation; but, lie continues:
A favorable opportunity is presented of submitting a
proposition, whieh f accordingly do, of enlaigmgthe first
plan and estimate submitted by this office, so as to aive ac-
commodation for the leception and airangement of models
of small-arms, under the dnection or' the inspecting officer
ofthat impoitant bianch of the service.*'
Now, I desire to arrest this growing evil in the
beginning. Congress commcnced by making an
appropriation of $30,000 for the storing away of
arms belonging to the volunteers of the District
of Columbia. Executive officers of the Govern-
ment, occupying subordinate positions, lay out
plans and enter into arrangements which are far
to exceed anything which Congress had ever cal-
culated upon. This system is growing into a
monstrous abuse, and i know no better place to
arrest it than here. This resolution limits the
entire cost of the building to the $30,000 already
appropriated. It is enough; and I think the sum
is abundant. I am not sure that it was not an
extravagant and wild appropriation when it was
made. But this building ought certainly not to
be allowed to reach a cost of $150,000 or $200,000,
as it will do if not arrested instantly.
Yesterday morning, when the committee had
the subject under consideration, Major Bell, of
the Army, came into the committee room, as I
have stated. He knew what we were doing; and
yet he went out this very morning and issued
what is equivalent to an order to the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to commence the erec-
tion of the work on the plan to which I have
alluded. He knew that the Committee on the
District of Columbia were unanimously of the
opinion that the site was a bad one, and that the
proposed plan whs on a scale of magnificence
entirely exceeding the expectations of Congress.
Yet, he wrote the letter which I send to the Sec-
retary's desk, and ask to have read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington Arsenal, *4pril3, 1856.
Dcau Sir: Mr. Isaac S. Miller, the heaier of this, is su
permtendent of the building of the District armory, located
by tlie President on the public equaielyingbetween seventh
