1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
That is not a
Mr. McCARTY. I object.
private bill. .
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received, un-
less by general consent.
Mr. HORTON. In the case of Thomas L.
Desharoon, on which the Committee on Private
Land Claims has heretofore made an adverse re-
port, further evidence has been presented to the
committee; and I move that the papers be re-
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reporLed the following bills; which
were read a first and sefcond time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of John C. McConnell;
A bill to reimburse the estate of Joseph Mc-
Cture, a postmaster in the war of 1812; and
A bill authorizing the payment of the Govern-
ment's share of the expenses attending the im-
provement of C street, along the site of Fort
Porter, in Buffalo, New York
Mr. QUITMAN, from the same committee,
reported back the following bills; which were
severally referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of A. S.
Bender; and
An act (S. No. 262) for the relief of James
Davidson, of Kentucky.
Mr. Q,. also, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of John A. Sims, adminis-
trator of L. Sims and Brother; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CI. also, from the same committee, asked
leave to report a bill authorizing the purchase of
lands adjoining the Washington arsenal grounds,
and providing for the drainage of swamp lands
adjacent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. That is not a
private bill.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received, unless
by general consent.
Mr. CiUlTMAN, from the same committee,
also asked leave to report a bill to provide for the
settlement and payment of the expenses incurred
in suppressing Indian hostilities in the Territory
of Nebraska.
Mr. HOUSTON made the same objection, and
the bill was not received.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
back an act (S. No. 229) for the relief of P. A.
Cunningham, paymaster in the United States
Army; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printe'd.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, report-
ed the following bills; which were severally read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Jesse Morrison, of
Illinois;
A bill for the relief of Anne E. Bronaugh,
wido w of the late John W. Bronaugh; and
A bill for the relief of Atitoine Robadeau.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported back an act (S. No. 161) for the
relief of Joshua Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jer-
sey; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William Kendall; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported adversely on the petitions of
Isaiah Cobb, of Cape Elizabeth, Maine, and of
Moses Davis, of Portland, Maine; which were
ordered to be laid on the table and printed, and
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate bills of the
following titles; which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
An act (No. 143) for the relief of George P.
Marsh; and
. An act (No. 260) for the relief of J. Randolph
Clay. -
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, from the Committee oil
the Territories, reported a bill for the relief of
Richard H. Weightman; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions," reported a bill providing an
increase of pension to Daniel Waldo, of Onon-
daga county, New York; which was read afirst
and second time.
Mr. AIKEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to consider the bill at this time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, objected.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOM, from the same committee, re-
ported back the following Senate bills; which
were referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
An act (No. 120) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin Berry, a soldier of the Revolution;
An act (No. 220) for the relief of Hannah F.
Niles; and
An act (No. 285) granting a revolutionary pen-
sion to Sarah Blunt.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the same
committee, reported back the bill of the Senate
(No. 181) for the relief of Rebecca Halsey, widow
of Zephaniah Halsey, a soldier of the Revolution;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. M., also, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Maria Burgher, widow
of Jeremiah Burgher, deceased, a revolutionary
soldier;
A bill for the. relief of Lettie Griggs, widow of
Simeon Griggs, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill for the relief of the surviving children'of
John Gilbert, a revolutionary soldier.
Mr. OLIVER., of New York, asked the consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bills for the relief of Mary A. M. Jones
and Eliza B. McNeill, and put the same upon
their passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. OLIVER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, then reported a bill for the relief of
Louis Hembert; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. 0. said: I hope the House will give me
their attention for one moment. This Louis Hem-
burt was in the war with Mexico, and at the bat-
tle of the National Bridge had both his legs shot
off. He now leceives a pension of eight dollars
per month. The committee recommend that his
pension be increased to sixteen dollars per month,
I hope the House will consent to pass this bill at
this time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If the House will
allow me for a moment, I think I can make it
plain that this bill should be passed.
Several Members. Let it go. Nobody ob-
jects.
Mr. COBB. Very well; then I will not say a
word.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. OLIVER, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill (No. 288) for the relief of
Isaac Washburn; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. 0. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee oi'the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Richard Phillips;
A bill for the relief of Mary Kirby Smith;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Hildreth;
A bill for the relief of James M. French, of the
State of New York;
A bill granting a pension to Thomas Alcock,
of Rochester, New York;
A bill for the relief of Nehemiah Ward;
A bill for the relief of Anthony W. Bayard;
A bill for the relief of William Craige;
A bill for the relief of George W. Whitten;
A bill for the relief of James A. Glanding;
A bill for the relief of Edward Rumsey;
A bill for the relief of George Cassidy;
A bill for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham;
and
A bill for the relief of Robert H. Stevens.
Mr. O. also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bills of the following titles; which
were severally referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed;
An act for the relief of the heirs-at-iaw of Sarah
Crandell, deceased;
An act for the relief of Nancy Bowen and Sarah
Larrabee;
An act granting a pension to Nancy M. Gun-
sally, formerly widow of Lyman M. Richmond,
deceased; ana
An act granting five years' half pay to Mrs.
Ann Turner, widow of Ebbert Turner, deceased.
On motion of Mr. OLIVER, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the following petitions; which were laid on the
table, and the accompanying reports ordered to
be printed:
The petition and papers of John Russell, of
New York, asking pension for military services
in the war of 1812.
The petition of Emanuel P. Steadman, pray-
ing for compensation for services rendered in the
war of 18X2;
The petition of David Watson, for invalid
pension, for services in the war with Mexico;
The petition of Cyrus Weston, an invalid of
the war of 1812, for a pension;
Petition of William Poole, asking arrearage of
pension;
The petition of Reuben Appeson, an invalid
soldier, praying a pension;
The petition of Elizabeth Frye, praying a pen-
sion ;
The petition of Ruth B. Philips, for a pension;
The petition of John Bcrley, for a pension;
The petition of Benjamin Allen, praying for
increase of pension;
The petition of Lenman Gibbs, praying that he
be paid arrearages of pension;
The petition of William Lumhill, praying a
pension;
The petition of James Redenn, praying that he
be paid a-rearages of pension; and
The petitions of Thomas P Dudley; Luther
Cole, Henry Leake, and Benjamin Cressy, for
pensions, and arrearages of pensions.
Mr. SAVAGE, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Steuart; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back a bill of the Senate for the relief of Daniel
Dolan; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying reports, ordered to be primed:
A bill for the relief of Isaac Langley; and
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Cilley.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
back a bill of the House directing the payment
of arrearages of pension due Simeon Smith, de-
ceased, late a pensioner of the United States, to
his heirs-at-law; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKSON", from the Committee on In-
valid pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed:
A bill for tile relief of Roxana Kimball;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Rachel McMillan;
and
A bill for the relief of William Kingsbury.
Mr. WELSH, from the same committee, re-
ported back a Senate bill for the relief of Lemuel
Worster; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to indemnify Henry Leef
and John McKee forthe illegal seizure of a certain
bark; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
