1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back Senate bills of the following
titles; which were severally referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
An act for the relief of Edward A. Stevens; and
An act for the relief of Joseph Nock.
On motion of Mr. THURSTON, the Commit-
tee on Accounts was discharged from the farther
consideration of the petition of Charles Gordon,
of the city of Washington, asking payment for
services rendered as a draughtsman, under the
resolution of the 4th of May, 1848; and the same
■was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRENTON,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back Senate bill to grant the
right of preemption in certain lands to the Indi-
ana Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.MEACHAM, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, made an adverse report
upon the several petitions of Isaac Scaggs and
others, and the Washington and Alexandria Rail-
road Company; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BILLINGHURST, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
George D. Dousman, one of the securities of Wil-
liam H. Bruce, late sub-agent in Green Bay, in
the State of Wisconsin; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, reported a bill for the relief ,
of Abelaid Guthrie; which was read a first and I
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of that |
body of the following titles: !
A n act to repeal so much of the act of March 1
3, 1855, as provides for the erection of an armory
in the city of Washington; and
An act to carry into effect an act entitled "An
act to provide for the accommodation of the courts
ot the United States for the district of Maryland,
and for a post office at Baltimoie city, Maryland,"
approved the 17th of February, 1855; in which j
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
REFERENCE OP SENATE BILLS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. As the committees
have been called through, I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of private bills upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The following Senate bills and joint resolutions
were then taken from the Speaker's table, sev-
erally read a first and second time, and referred !
as indicated below: I
An act for the relief of Horatio J. Perry. Re- !
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act for the relief of Richard W. Meade.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the re.lief of John P. Baldwin, one
of the owners of the Spanish brig Gil Bias. :
Referred to the Committee of Claims. ;
Ail act granting a pension to Mary A. M. Jones. :
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I ask that the j
bill may now be put upon its passage. j
Mr. MORGAN. I object. ;
The bill was then referred to the Committee on !
Invalid Pensions. _ I
A resolution to authorize the Secretary of State
and the Secretary of the Interior to settle the ■
claim of William Carey Jones for certain services. |
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
A resolution for the benefit of Susan Decatur, 1
widow of Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of
the United States Navy. Referred to the Com- ]
mittee on Naval Affairs. I
An act for the relief of Charles E. Anderson. ;
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Aflairs.
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuan, exec-
utor of Daniel Randall. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act, for the relief of Asbury Dickins. - Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Michael Nourse. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Brevet Major General
John B. Walback, of the United States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of John Robb. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of William H. Chase. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Major General Arthur
St. Clair. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Martin Fenwick. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Peter Parker. Referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act for the relief of Nathan M. Lounsbury,
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of J. M. Powell. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
An act for the relief of Eliza B. McNeill. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask leave to report, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, an act granting pen-
sions to the officers and soldiers of the war with
Great Britain in 1812, and those engaged in the
Indian wars during that time.
Mr. PHELPS. I object, as it is not a private
bill.
Mr. SAVAGE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the several petitions of William
Baird, Lawson Jones, and F. B. F. Martin;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
piinted.
Mr. GOODE. I hope to obtain the unanimous
consent of the House to set apart a day for the
transaction of the business of the District of
Columbia. It has had no time apportioned to it
during this session, and yet it is business import-
ant for the whole community. I ask that Wed-
nesday next, and a day or two thereafter, be set
apart for that business.
Mr. McCARTY objected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, addressed the Chair.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of Senate lull No. 117,
which is a bill to provide facilities for the trans-
action of business in the Court of Claims, so as
to enable that court to do the business of private
claimants. I regard this as the most important bill
to which we can turn our attention." I ask that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union may be discharged from it, that we may
now take it up in the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. 1 cannot yield for
that purpose. There are many other bills in
which claimants are as much interested as in this.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Do I understand there is
an objection?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. COBB. That is the motion I was about
to make.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that we proceed
to the business oil the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar has
precedence of that motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will not the gentleman
from Alabama withdraw his objection to my re-
quest that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill for the Court of Claims ?
I appeal to him as a friend to the claimants to
withdraw his objection, as the bill is of a charac-
ter to do good.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my objection if no-
b dy else objccts to it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I renew the objection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I simply wish the House
first to dispose of one or two bills which tile Com-
mittee of the Whole House have reported to the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the House. This is not objection day, hut I
hope the House will agree that it shall he so con-
sidered, and that we go into the Priye_'te Calendar..
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I hdpe that
suggestion will be acted on by the gpnsent of the
House.
Mr. JONES, -of Tennessee. If I understand
it, objection day is only on the first and fourth
Fridavs of the month, and then in Committee of
the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. This is not objection day.
It is a day for the consideration of private bills,
and for debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely suggest to the House
that we would, by unanimous consent, consider
this as objection day in Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. JONES. I object to that.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to know
what has become of the contested-election cases.
The SPEAKER. They are not in order to-
day.
Mr. McMULLIN. We have two sets of gen-
tlemen from several States. They have been here
long enough and at sufficient expense, and I pre-
fer to take up these contested-election cases and
dispose of them.
The question was put on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar;
and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Etheridge in the chair.)
WEST DRINKWATER, AND OTHERS.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of a bill(H. R. No. 205) for the relief of West
Drinkwater, and others.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to West-Drinkwater,
Kingsbury Duncan, Jonathan Clark, Samuel
Duncan, and John Duncan, or to such persons as
may be legally authorized to receive the same,
as their heirs or legal representatives, the sum of
$33,213 17, that being the amount paid into the
Treasury of the United States, and placed to the
account of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in
consequence of a suit, the United States vs. sloop
Mary and cargo, m the district court of Maine,
January and April, 1815, the said sloop having
been captured bv the aforesaid persons from the
British, and delivered to the proper authorities
of the United States in the State of Maine; said
sum to be paid to the several persons hereinbe-
fore named, or to their heirs or legal representa-
tives, in equal parts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
fromVirginia[Mr. Millson] I think had the,floor
upon this bill when the committee was last in
session.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir. I had the floor, and
spoke upon the bill. The motion, that the bill
be laid aside to be reported Jo the House, with a
recommendation that it do not pass, was made.
Tellers were appointed upon that motion, and the
committee rose, bocause it appeared upon taking
the question that no quorum voted.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Was there not an amend-
ment pending ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamend-
ments had been all voted down. I move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the committee that the report in the
case be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It has been once read.
I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it necessary to have the
unanimous consent to have that report read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, the report having
been once read before the committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, the committee
will remember that this bill was before them some
two months since. It is a bill, if my recollection
serves me correctly, in relation to which there
was evidence satisfactory to my mind that thera.
had been connivance and fraud; and, instead or
giving these parties money out of the Treasury,
as is proposed by this bill, we ough t to pass an
act requiring one of these parties to disgorge what
he has already improperly and fraudulently re-
ceived from the Treasury. Now, sir, I aak, that
the report in the case may be read as a part of
ray speech. I have no idea of allowing, a biH of
I tins sort to be smuggled through the committee
L until wejknow something about it.
