1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
Roatan is to become the Gibraltar of those seas,
and, like that celebrated fortress, like the Cape
of Go d Hope, and Aden, and Singapore, it is
destined by English policy to overlook, and,
when the time comes, to control the commerce of
the world. No man can fail to admire the judg-
ment and precaution with which these and other
stations have been selected, girding the globe with
seats of power—places, at once, of attack and
refuge—and especially their establishment upon
great lines of communication, and where the flag
of every maritime nation must pass before their
doors. No Power is more interested in all this
than we are; and that interest is tenfold increased
by our acquisitions upon the Pacific, and by the
necessity of an unbroken communication with
them. We want no lion in our path, watching,
in his lair, till he is ready to spring; but this is
just what England wants, ay, and will have, if
we do not bring both vigilance and firmness to
the task before us.
5. Our fifth and last principal ground of com-
plaint is the conduct and pretensions of England
with respect to the Mosquito country and pro-
tectorate. The treaty recognizes the existence
of no such relation with that region. This is con-
ceded by Lord Clarendon, who adds, however,
that the treaty does recognize the right of both
the United States and England to afford protection
to the Central American States, including Mos-
quito. This phraseology is too indeterminate.
The allusion in the convention to this important
matter is a mere incidental one. It is, that neither
party shall make use of any protection it may
afford to either of the said States, for any pur-
pose inconsistent with the treaty. I think now,
as I thought at first, that the introduction of this
provision was unfortunate; and I should feel
obliged to the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] who was a member of General Taylor's
Cabinet, at the time this subject was pending,
if he will state to the Senate the reasons for its
introduction.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, when I
occupied the station to which the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan has alluded, I paid some
attention to diplomatic business generally, and •
peculiar attention to this treaty. Perhaps an ex-
planation of the reason why I did so may be
necessary. If gentlemen will examine the treaty,
they will find that it contains some peculiar fea-
tures—I allude especially to that portion of it
guarantying the neutrality of the Isthmus. Sir,
strange as it may seem, I am one of those who
regard the appeal of nations to arms for the arbit-
rament of questions of difficulty as a remnant
of barbarism; and I believe the time will come, in
the progress of civilization and humanity, when
the nations of the earth, and especially the Chris-
tian nations, will find some more reasonable
method of adjusting their differences.
If gentlemen will look at this treaty, they will
find that, by it, the United States and Great
Britain agreed to guaranty the neutrality of some
part of the surface of God's earth in peace and in
war,—the passage across the Isthmus, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. "When I saw that
this was to be a feature of that treaty, it seemed
to me that it was one step towards the ultimate
consummation of the great purpose which I had,
and I hope the world yet have, in view, that
trial by battle shall no more be resorted to in i
national affairs than in the settlement of disputed j
questions between individuals. I thought, also, i
that, if there was one spot of earth over which !
the olive branch of peace might be spread and J
held with a steady hand, it would be a step 1
towards extendingthatsame olive branch of peace
over the world. This was what particularly in-
terested me in the treaty, though it had other
great national objects in view.
When the first projet of the treaty came under
my notice, it contained the first words which now
are to be found in the first article of the treaty:
"The Governments of the United States and
Great Britain hereby declare that neither the one
nor the other will ever obtain or maintain for it-
self exclusive control over the said ship canal,"
then proposed to be guarantied and arranged—
" agreeing that neither will ever erect or maintain
any fortifications commanding the same, or in
the vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or
i colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion
! over, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast,
or any part of Central America."
Now, sir, if these words stood alone, there
would seem to be a sufficient guarantee and a dis-
tinct agreement that there was to be no occu-
pancy, by either party, in any part of Central
America. In order to explain why additional
words were inserted in that article, it will be
necessary for me to refer to a correspondence
which passed between Mr. Lawrence, then our
Minister at London, and Lord Palmerston, then
at the head of the British Foreign Office, in the
autumn of 1849, before the treaty was negotiated.
In the first of those letters, Mr. Lawrence inquired
of Lord Palmerston whether the British Govern-
ment would be willing to enter into such an
arrangement as was afterwards agreed to. It will
be recollected that, at that time, they were in pos-
| session of Greytown, and the whole coast of
I Central America from that point north to the
Belize.
Mr. CASS. That is so.
; Mr. COLLAMER. They had claimed that
! the Mosquito coast, under the titular king of
theirs, to whom the honorable Senator has al-
luded, not only extended to the Blue Fields, but
clear down to the mouth of the San Juan river,
and that Costa Rica, which they then had equally
under their control, extended up the coast to the
river San Juan; thus entirely cutting off Nicara-
guaand Honduras from the Caribbean Sea. They
were in actual possession of the country at that
time, and had been for a year or more. Lord
Palmerston's reply to Mr. Lawrence was dated
November 13, 1849; and if gentlemen will look
at the expression of that letter, it will be found
' that there was cause for entertaining a doubt
whether a construction would not be given to the
British statement, that they would not colonize
this country, which would defeat our object. In
that letter Lord Palmerston says to Mr. Law-
I rence:
" With regard to the first part of your inquiry, f beg to
say, that lier Majesty's Government do not intend to oceu-
> py or colonize Nicaragua, Costa Rica, tlie Mosquito coast,
or any part of Central America."
At the very time of the writing of that letter
they were occupying the whole extent of country
which I have mentioned; and yet Lord Palmer-
j ston said they did not intend to do it. He said
further:
" With regard to Mosquito, however, a close political
connection has existed between the Crown of Great Brit-
ain and the State and Territory of Mosquito, for a period
of about two centuries, but the Ontish Government does
not claim dominion in Mosquito." * * *. * ''With
regard to the second part of your inquiry, I beg to say, that
her Majesty's Government wilt fee! groat pleasure in com-
bining and cooperating with the Government of the United
; States, for the purpose of assisting the operations of any
! company which may be formed with a view to establish a
j commercial communication, by canal or railway, between
I the Atlantic and Pacific, across the isthmus which divides
the northern and southern portion of the American conti-
nent." * * * * Her Majesty's Government would
I feel that the union of two great Powers, for the accom-
| plishirient of an object of such general utility, arid tending
j so much to assist the diffusion of civilization, and to
I strengthen the foundations of international peace, would
| be; as honorable to the Powers concerned in such an ar-
rangement as the result would be advantageous to the com-
j mercial interests of the world at large." * * * *
i "With regard to the port of Grevtown, at the mouth of
the river St. John, her Majesty's Government would fully
undertake to obtain the consent of Mosquito to such ar-
' rangements as would render that port entirely applicable,
and on the principles above mentioned, to the purposes of
such a sea-to-sea communication."
It will thus be seen that Great Britain told us
she did not intend to occupy or colonize any part
of Central America, when she was actually occu-
pying it; and told us further, that the connection
of the British with Mosquito for two hundred
years led to a close affinity between them; and
1 that they could use their influence, and could
: guarantee that they would obtain from Mosquito
its consent to have Greytown abandoned for the
purpose stated by Lord Palmerston. When we
looked at those expressions of Lord Palmerston,
an apprehension was entertained that, if Great
Britain entered into the treaty of 1850, bound only
by the first words which I nave read, they might
fall back on the meaning of the word " occupy,"
and might really occupy the country under pre-
tense of not doing so in their own right. They
told us, in Lord Palmerston's letter, that they did
not mean to occupy, and yet they were actually
occupying; and we feared that, if the treaty was
made containing a simple stipulation not to occu-
py, they would manage, in some mode, to con-
tinue to occupy. Occupancy, as between nations,
may be like that of individuals. A man may
occupy and possess a tract of land in his own
right, or he may occupy and possess it in right
of, and by the leave of, and as tenant to another.
Either is an occupancy. A man may disclaim
holding a tract of land under another, and say
that he holds it in his own right, and still, by
possibility, hold on to his occupancy. Knowing
this, it was supposed to be possible that, if the
treaty were left simply with the first words to
which I have alluded, the British would continue
to occupy Central America, and claim they did
occupy, but were only in under Mosquito. It was
for the purpose of putting in an abnegation of the
resort to any such pretense, that the last words
of the first article were inserted in the treaty.
These words are:
" Nor will either make use of any protection which
either affords, or may afford, or any alliance which either
has, or may have, to or with any State or people, for the
J purpose of erecting or maintaining any such forlifications,
! or or' occupying, fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America,
or of assuming or exercising dominion over the same."
This clause was inserted, as I have said, for
the purpose of abnegating the claim which might
by possibility be pretended, that the British could
have any occupancy in their own right, or under
any other Power. It will be observed that Lord
Clarendon, in his letter to Mr. Buchanan, says
distinctly, that the expression in the treaty "in
regard to the protectorate did not acknowledge
the existence of any protectorate over the Mos-
quitoes on the part of Great Britain. He dis-
claims for his Government any such ground,
utterly and absolutely; but the disingenuousness
of his treatment of us, it seems to me, consists
in the fact that, immediately afler saying this, he
goes on just as if these words had not been in
the treaty, and says that they may " occupy for
the purpose of protecting the Mosquito. King."
So they might, lay possibility, if the words which
I last read were not in the treaty; but they were
inserted for the very purpose of abnegating the
possibility of their doing that on anv such pre-
tense. Now they endeavor to read tliese words
out of the bond, and argue as if they were not
there. They slur them over. The opinion of
the Queen's Advocate, which has been alluded
to, is based upon the supposition that those
words are not in the treaty. Lord Clarendon
ignores their existence, and says the treaty must
be construed by the letter of Lord Palmerston to
Mr. Lawrence, which did not contain those
words.
Such were the views which led to the insertion
of the last clause of the first article; and I think
I shall be fully sustained by the Senator from
Delaware, who was the active and leading man
in the making of the treaty, in stating that these
views were clearly entertained by the whole body
of General Taylor's Cabinet. The words them-
selves cannot by possibility be mistaken, though,
like all language, they are liable to perversion.
Sir, I had no thought or intention of making
any remarks on this subject. I had various rea-
sons for not desiring to speak upon it. One reason
is, that no man can speak of that which appears
to him to be a perversion of terms with that
patience and good temper which is proper and
becoming when treating of a treaty between great
nations. In the next place, I am happy to say,
that in my opinion the negotiations show that our
side of the question is in competent hands. I
think we all here understand the subject alike.
And, finally, the President has told us that he en-
tertains hopes that the matters in dispute may be
peaceably and quietly adjusted. He has not asked
us for any legislative action nor any executive
advice. I have thought, therefore, that the proper
time for the discussion of the question has not
arrived; but when the Executive calls for action,
I trust I shall be able to discharge my duty.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I tender my ac-
knowledgments to the honorable Senator for his
clear exposition, which satisfactorily shows the
reasons, that influenced the Cabinet of General
Taylor in this transaction. That explanation
