810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
of engaging in a discussion of the personal char-
acter, either of members of the naval board or of
officers who have been acted on by that board,
tt can be productive of no possible good to the j
country or to the Senate, while it is distressing |
to those whose characters are brought before this I
body altogether without* their desire or agency, j
I hope, therefore, that in the future debate on this j
subject, my friend from Texas, and every other i
Senator, will consent to abstain from a comment- j
ary on the character either of the members of j
the board or of the officers who have been acted j
on by the board. j
The communication which it is now desired to
bring before the Senate, for the purpose, I pre- I
sume, of publication, if I recollect aright, are
merely letters—correspondence growing out of a
private difficulty between a member of the board
and a very accomplished officer, in whose behalf
this application is made. We all know that a
court-martial was consequent on that correspond-
ence. Now, sir, why do we want these papers ?
Of what possible benefit can they be? Can they
illustrate the propriety of the action of the board
in reference to this officer? Can it be interesting
to the community or to us to have spread before
us the details of a quarrel between two distin-
guished gentlemen ? I think, with due submission
to my honorable friend from Texas, that it is in
bad taste to have these matters brought before
us, and I hope we shall show our opinion on the
subject by refusing to pass this resolution. j
HOUSTON. Mr. President, if I had a |
design to avail myself of any advantage growing- ,
out of the presentation of this subject, it would '
make no difference to me whether the Senate j
passed or rejected the resolution; but I have no !
such design. The gentleman from Maryland, ]
[Mr. Pratt,] according to my understanding, ;
misapprehends the subject. If, as ho supposes, j
there is a correspondence between Captain Ritchie !
and any officer of the board which led to the '
court-martial, it is information which I do not |
possess. I never heard of such a thing, and 1 j
believe it does not exist. J want information m j
relation to the charges and the trial as it took ,
place. If the Senate, having a subject before it j
with which this is directly connected, can dis- j
pense with information which will cast light on j
that subject, 1 can dispense with it as well as any j
other member. Doubtless, if I had applied at the ;
Department, I could have obtained the informa- |
tion; for I must say that the Secretary of the
Navy lias been exceedingly kind and obliging; j
but 1 have considered it more rcspectful to him ,
and to the Senate to bring forward, m open day, !
this resolution calling for the information, so that :
it may not be said that I surreptitiously intro- i
duced it for any sinister purpose. I express no
opinion m relation to the merits of this case; and
I have introduced this resolution so that 1 may be
able to infonn myself of all the facts and circum-
stances before venturing an opinion on the merits
of the case, or making any allusion to*il. It lias
been alluded to in the Senate, but not by me.
I wish to know if the gentleman from Mary-
land intended to give me premonitory advice,
when he expressed the. hope that wo should ab-
stain from personalities? Sir, have I introduced
or dragged bcfoie the Senate the private character j
of any individual? If I have done so, and if I ]
have been the first to do it, I shall stand con- j
victed of an impropriety; but 1 have not done so. i
I am here to vindicate the propriety of my course, i
and to defy and challenge the refutation of every ;
word which I have uttered. I will prove the j
correctness of my course on a fitting occasion. 1 j
do not intend that either of the Senators from i
Delaware shall asperse, me in the manner m which !
they have done—perhaps, instead of " asperse," '
I should say " assail;" that may be a more!
decorous expression, and I never intend to depart
from the decorum of this body in anything that
passes my hps. I will, on a proper occasion, j
respond to those gentlemen; and if I do not vin- 1
dicote myself, and confute every charge, direct j
or implied, which they have made against me, I \
shall plead guilty to their accusations; but before j
that time comes I wish to be informed m relation
to the whole subject, I shall
'• Xothing extenuate,
Nor set down auglit in malice."
I intend to treat the subject with fairness and
frankness. For that reason I desire that the res-
olution may be adopted, and that the information |
for which it calls shall be laid before us. j
Mr. BAYARD. I did not intend to make a
single remark in reference to this resolution; I ;
did not intend to oppose it, nor shall I do so now. |
If the honorable Senator from Texas sees fit to 1
call for this information, he must do it on his
own responsibility to the Senate and the country, j
and I shall not say anything as to his object in
doing it. The honorable Senator from New York j
[Mr. Fish] inquired his motive in asking for this
information—the reason and general ground of 1
it; but, as far as I can perceive in his remarks, no :
reason has yet been given to the Senate. Un- i
doubtedly he is not bound to disclose it, unless ^
he chooses to do so. I have no objection to the j
resolution; but I beg leave to say to the honor- i
able Senator that I think he is under a misappre-
hension when he supposes that I aspersed him
in any remarks which I made. All that I did was
to reply to the charges which he made the other
day, in the course of a long and elaborate speech,
against one of my own constituents, whose char-
acter previous to that time stood unstained before
the country. I did comment on the mode of
attack used by the honorable Senator. I did not
go beyond his conduct in this Chamber; I con-
fined myself to speaking of his course of remark
here. I endeavored to show, that in his speech
he was doing gross injustice to an individual.
He differed in opinion from an individual, but he
could not permit that difference of opinion to
exist without assailing his personal character,
and going over the whole course of his life, and
attempting to crush him in the estimation of the
American people.
I felt it to be my duty to repel an attack of that
kind. 1 did not see that it had any connection
whatever with the proper action of Congress in
reference to the naval bill of the last session, or
the action of the board and of the President under
it. It seemed to me to be, what I designated
it to be, an unnecessary and a wanton attack on
an individual. I used no language, of which I
am aware, beyond the bounds of parliamentary
debate. 1 hold, in reference to questions of that
kind, that if I go not beyond what occurred in
the Senate, I have the undoubted right to repel
charges which are made here affecting the char-
acter of an individual who stands to me in the
relation of a constituent. I have a right to show
that they are perversions, if they be so; and the
Senate and the country must judge between us,
as to whether they arc so or not. In the whole
course of my remarks I traveled not out of the
charges of the honorable Senator. I endeavored
to repel them, whether successfully or not I leave
it to others to judge. If, as I suppose—though
of course I can but conjecture, as the honorable
Senator has not disclosed his reasons—this is but
another act m the drama, and if the intention is
to give to this court-martial, and the action under
it, a construction derogating from the character
of Captain Du Pont, 1 shall, when the subject
comes before the Senate, take the liberty of reply-
ing to any remarks of that kind in which the
honorable Senator may see fit to indulge, which
T may conceive do injustice to my constituent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I can de-
clare to the Senator from Delaware, without any
unkindness of feeling, that this resolution is not
offered for the purpose of heaping up material
against the individual to whom he alludes, and
whose name I did not bring here. I have more
material now than I require. 1 said that the reso-
lution was to obtain this correspondence for
my own information; and lest this should not be
sufficient, I referred to the fact that it was desired
by gentlemen who were favorable to the action
of the board, and who I know are its warm sup-
porters. One gentleman who has made a speech
supporting the board, told me this morning, that
he had intended to call for the information him-
self, and was glad that 1 had done so.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not objecting to the In-
formation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman says that,
in his former lemarks, he has not gone beyond
the range of the proprieties of the Senate, I am
glad of it; but I am sorry that the range is so
large._ If epithets of "untruth," "unfounded
assertions," "perversion," and things of that
kind, are decorous expressions in the Senate, I
never so understood; this is the first time that I
have become aware of the fact. They are such
expressions as I will not use in relation to any
gentleman, trusting to my imperfect knowledge
of the proprieties of the Senate, though others
may claim such a latitude. I shall take the
liberty of animadverting upon it when I come to
my general reply.
Mr. BAYARD. The. honorrble Senator may
make whatever comments he may see fit. As
regards myself, I never looked at the report of
that debate until after it was published. I spoke
on the impulse of the moment. I used such lan-
guage as 1 believed the character of the attack
justified. I certainly never assailed, nor would
[ assail, the truthfulness of any member of this
body, nor did I use the word " untruth" as ap-
plied to the Senator's intentions; but I certainly
did mean to use the word as a contradiction of
what was stated to be a fact and which I believed
not to be a fact. I think the expression perfectly
appropriate for that purpose; and it in no man-
ner impugns the character of the individual utter-
ing it, to say that a statement is untrue; it is no
more than to say, " it is not so."
I allude to this only because I wish to stand
right before the Senate and the country in this
matter. The Senator can take his own view of
what I said in regard to " perversion." If a gen-
tleman makes a perverted statement as to the ef-
fect of evidence and testimony before the Senate,
I can give it no other name. I may not call it
" willful perversion," but I have a right to call it
" perversion" if it distorts the meaning and effect
of testimony to the prejudice of the individual
character of a constituent of mine.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not, on any occasion,
used any perversion. The gentleman employed
the expression " untrue." At the time I passed
it by unnoticed; it was not the proper occasion to
notice it. I did not introduce the name of any in-
dividual in debate; I confined myself within the
range that was taken by others. I did not bring
before the Senate the name of Mr. Du Pont, or
Mr. Maury, or Mr. Bartlett, or Captain Ritchie.
The transactions between Captain Ritchie and
Captain Du Pont* were alluded to by the honor-
able and distinguished Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] and I desire to know the facts
of the case. As he alluded to it in his speech,
and introduced the name of Captain Ritchie, I
want to know what the fact is. I am uninformed
in regard to the subject. I am told that the in-
formation will not be voluminous, and I wioh to
obtain it. The Senate, however, can use their
own pleasure in regard to it.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I regret that
I cannot vote for the resolution of the Senator
from Texas. I perceive no public consideration
which requires the sending of this record to the
Senate. I recollect to have seen all the charges,
and I think all the testimony produced before the
court-martial, printed m the newspapers. There
is, therefore, no information to be communicated
to the Senate which is not accessible to every-
body already, through the columns of the news-
papers.
| But I think there is reason why wc should not
I call for this information. The matters which
! gave rise to this court-martial were matters purely
i personal, controversies between the two officers
j in question. It is true they took such a form that
i the Secretary of the Navy deemed it proper to
j have a court-martial; but still the matters were
i purely personal, and we shall be lending ourselves
i somewhat, I think, to personal controversies, if
| we call for this information officially and make it
j the subject of comment here. Really, I think that
, i the unfortunate circumstances into which the pro-
j j ccedings of the naval board have brought us have
;j led already to difficulties enough of that sort,
j! Surely it is not the desire of the Senate of the
1 United States to encourage crimination and re-
I crimination; and I can conceive no possible result
j from the introduction of this record, except some-
i thing of that sort. At all events, the danger of it
ij is so great, and the lack of any public considera-
j, tion for it so obvious, that I shall not be able to
..give my vote for it, though ordinarily, out of
ji courtesy, I should be inclined to vote for any
'i resolution of inquiry.
j] Mr. CASS. I shall vote against the resolution.
!] I have on other occasions expressed an indispo-
!' sition to the exercise by this body ofthe power of
jj revising and supervising courts-martial, whether
