84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 26,
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall. Maxwell, Me-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,]VtiHward, Moore,
Nichols, Orr, Porter, Powell, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Kich-
aidrion, llitehie, Rivers, Robicon, Kuffin, Sandid^e,
Sav:  e, Slioiter, Samuel A.Smith,William E. Smith, Sneed,
,-Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkins, Whitney, Wrnslow, John
V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—87.
So the resolution was adopted.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of-Ohio. I apprehend,
from the vote which has just been taken, that
there is before lis a protracted session of this
House. Those of us who have served here for
years past, know that ther'e'are occasional scenes
of disorder and turbulence unbecoming the dig-
nity of the American Congress. I do not antici-
pate anything of thatkindln making the proposi-
tion which I have sent to the Chair, though it may-
be impossible to guard against it. I am well
aware, Mr. Clerk, tha'6 you "have discharged faith-
fully and impartially your duties so far, and X do
not design, by this proposition, to impute, di-
rectly or indirectly, anything which will amount
to a charge of impropriety upon your part; but
it does seem to me, in view of what is before us,
that we ought to have a temporary presiding
officer. When the resolution shall have been
read, it will be seen that I have named a member
of this body who is the antipode of mo in all
respects, as the governing officcr of our delibera-
tions. I have great confidence in that individual
as a gentleman, and in Ins knowledge of the par-
liamentary law. In view of these things, there-
fore, I offer the resolution which I have sent to
the Clerk, and I hope it may be adopted without
serious opposition from either side of the House.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Reaohei, That the ilon. JamekIi. Oiai, of South Caro-
lina, be invited w preside over this body until a Speakei is
elected.
Mr. SAGE. I must say X doom this resolution
unnecessary.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not.
Mr. SAGE. It is a proposition, however,
upon which persons may differ. We have now
been in session over three weeks, and have got
along very well, tuid I know of no reason why,
at this juncture, we should travel out of the line
we have marked out for ourselves. Its adoption
will be a reflection upon tins body, that we can-
not. deporf ourselves properly in the places which
we have been called upon to fill. Without con-
suming further the time of the House, 1 move
to liiy the resolution on the table.
Mr. CAM IT.ELL. True, Mr. Clerk, we have
been in session during the ordinary hours of
doing business; but the resolution which we have
adopted contemplates perhaps—though I hope
we may organize upon the first vote—a pro-
tracted session of this body; and it is in view of
that possibility, (bat I cesne some person well
versed in parliamentary law may be called to
preside temporarily, for the purpose of preserv-
ing the order and decorum which ought to char-
acterize the American Congress. With that
View I have moved the resolution, and I hope
serious objection will not be made to it.
Mr. MciMULLLN. J desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio who introduced the resolution a
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As many as you choose,
if it is 111 order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether ho is willing to place the name of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
in the resolution which I proposed the other day.
having in view the organization of the House for
the passing the appropriation bills?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir. The first busi-
ness, under the Constitution, is the election of a
Speaker. All 1 desire, in offering the resolution,
is, that we may preserve that dignity and de-
corum, before the eye of the world, which belongs
to the American Congress.
The CFJ'VIvK. The Clerk would suggest that
debate is not in order, as a motion if pending to
lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, respectfully, to make a modification
of his resolution.
The CLERIC. The Clerk must say that the
gentleman from Tennessee is not in order in
indulging in debate.
Mr. SNEED. I do not propose to debate the
subject, but simply to ask the gentleman from
Ohio to modify the resolution before the vote is
taken.
The CLERK. The Clerk must again say
that the gentleman from Tennessee is not in
order.
Mr. SNEED. My request is, that, under the
circumstances, with all respect for the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orb,] the gentleman
from Ohio shall insert in his resolution the name
of the distinguished gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Cobb,] because he is an ex-Speaker of the
House.
The CLERK. The Clerk calls to order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have great confidence
in 
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (interrupting.) X had
intended to address a few words to the House,
and I trust they will permit me to do so now.
[Cries of " Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. COBB. I intended to have seconded the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, especially
as that motion was coupled with the remark that
the duties imposed upon you, Mr. Clerk, had
been discharged by you, since the commence-
ment of the session, to the entire satisfaction of
the House. But I did see, and have seen from
the commencement, that there would be a pro-
priety, under the circumstances, and preceding
an organization, in selecting a Chairman to pre-
side over our meetings. There is a precedent for
it. In the great contest in the New Jersey case,
on motion of a gentleman from South Carolina,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. John
Gtuincy Adams, was called to preside over this
body. I believe the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio, as it stands, with the name presented
in that resolution, will meet with as cordial an ap-
proval of this House as it would with the name
of any other iigiividual who could be named. I
therefore hope the resolution, as it has been pre-
sented, will bo adopted by the House, and that
there will bo no effort to amend or alter it in any
particular. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio—if such an appeal is necessary—that he
will let the resolution stand as it is, as I be-
lieve it is acceptable to the House.
Mr. TRAP TON. If it is in order, I was about
to appeal to the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw
his resolution. It seems to me that it is very
late in the day to pass such a resolution. We
hare to-day resolved to sit hero until wo elect a
Speaker. Now, with all respect to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Our,] had this motion
been made earlier in the sggsion I should have
voted fcgfliim with pleasure; but I think gen-
tlemen upon, the floor of this House are well satis-
fied with the manner ia which you, Mr. Clerk,
have discharged the duties which have rested upon
you; and though the gentleman who offered the
resolution prefaces it with the remark that you
have given entire satisfaction to the House, yet,
sir, to put you out of the chair now, at the fag
end of this contest, would tend, by implication at
least, to throw some blame upon you, and I hope
the gentleman will withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I expressly stated, for the
purpose of showing my sincerity, that 1 had se-
lected a gentleman who is the antipode of myself
in politics. There was an occasion when, under
similar circumstances, John Gluincy Adams was
called upon to preside temporarily over the delib-
erations of this body.
I might have, in offering this resolution,selected
some other person holding opinions which would
have coincided with my own, but it was with the
I view of showing that the only object which I had
I m contemplation was, the preservation of the
dignity of this body through a protracted session
' which may last for days and nights, that I se-
lected the gentleman fiom South Carolina, [Mr.
Oiir,] and under no circumstances, sir, shall I
change the name—under no circumstances. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Trafton]
lias not, I presume, passed through the midnight
scenes which have been presented in controvert-
ing these seotional points in this Hall. It was
not in the remotest degree my intention, as I have
already said, to impute any impropriety whatever
to the Clerk; but he has his other duties to dis-
charge, and it is not to be presumed that he is as
well versed in the principles of parliamentary law
as is the gentleman whose name is embraced in
the resolution. I have full confidence in him,
[Mr. Ore.] His power will extend only to the
point at which we shall have elected a-permanent
presiding officer; then his power ceases. I have
no doubt but that he will discharge the duties of
the Chair with entire impartiality as between the
contending elements on this floor; and it was in
that view of the ca§c that I made the px-opositic:i
which I have submitted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is my mis-
fortune, Mr. Clerk, to differ, in reference to this
resolution, with my friend, [Mr. Campbell,] from
whom I seldom differ.
Mr. RUST, (interrupting.) What is the ques-
tion before the House, Mr. Clerk?
The CLERK. The question is on the adop-
tion of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. RUST. Is there not a motion pending to
lay that resolution on the table ?
The CLERK. That motion has been with-
drawn by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sage.]
Mr. WASHBURN, (resuming.) I do agree
with my friend from Ohio, however, in all that
he says in reference to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] I have no doubt that that
gentleman would preside over this House with
ability, with fairness, and with entire imparti-
ality. I have ho question whatever as to that.
But I am opposed to this proposition for the rea-
son that it reverses the precea*«t which seems to
have been established here, of selecting the oldest
member of the House for this service. And, sir,
I am also opposed to it, because it seems to imply
that there is to be some difficulty, some trouble,
some disturbance here. Now, sir, I have no fear
whatever of that. I have no fear whatever that
you will not continue to preside here with as
much dignity and fairness as you have exhibited
during the twenty days that you have presided
over us. I, sir, would not in any way invite any-
thing like disorder, or disturbance, or confusion
in this Hall, and I have no reason to beheve that
during the time we shall continue in session here,
ill our endeavors to electa Speaker, we shall not
proceed as quietly, as calmly, as we have done
m the days that we have passed. For these rea-
sons, sir, believing that the appointment of a
temporary presiding officer is unnecessary; be-
lieving that if it be not the appointment of the
gentleman from South Carolina would be re-
versing an old precedent in regard to this matter;
and also knowing that, during the twenty days
that elapsed before a Speakerwas elected in 1849,
there was no more occasion for a temporary pre-
siding officer than there is now, I am opposed
to this resolution. I therefore hope that the propo-
sition will be laid on the table, and I make that
motion.
Mr. STANTON. I*askthc gentleman to with-
draw for a moment his motion to lay on the table,
and I will renew it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw
the call for the previous question on that condi-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to remark, in reply
to my colleague, [Mr. Campbell,] that there is a
wide distinction between this case and that pre-
sented in 1839, when Mr. Adams was called to
the chair as temporary presiding officer; and I
do not know how that instance can be properly
regarded as justifying this motion. At that time
there were two sets of members present from the
State of New Jersey, both of whom—every time
that a vote was called for—passed between the
tellers, or answered to their names; and there was
no possibility of deciding- any question except by
a resort to the most strict and technical parlia-
mentary rules. The House, therefore, found
itself under the necessity—perhaps not having
the utmost confidence in the Clerk—I do not
know—in consequence of the difficulty growing
out of the conflicting claims of the members from
the State of New Jersey, to call upon a member
to preside pro tempore.
The protracted struggle of 1849 was carried to
its close without any temporary presiding officer; ,
and I confess that, after this thing has been car-
ried on for three weeks as it has been, without a
temporary Chairman, there is not, to my mind,
any necessity for one; nor can 1 imagine what
