1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
1
Mr. KNOWLTON. If the gentleman from
Virginia will allow me a. single remark, I will
suggest that the gentleman and the committee
should bear in mind that, instead of there being
two or three parties involved in this case, there
is now only one. The amendment associating
the heirs of Captain Miller with these parties was
voted down; and now, by no possibility, can his
heirs get one dollar under this bill. The bill was
discussed at great length when the committee was
'lastin session. We are not disposed to renew the
discussion unless forced into it by the other side.
Mr. MeMULLIN. I am not disposed to allow
this bill to pass without discussion. 1 am satis-
fied that it ought not to pass; but in order to have
the facts of the case fully before us, I ask that
the report may be read.
The report of the committee was read. A
digest of it has already appeared in the Globe.
Mr. MeMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, the evi-
dence attached to that report ought in justice to
be read. I will not insist upon the reading of it
unless some other gentleman desires to hear it.
Eut the committee will observe, from the reading
of that report, that the parties before the House
complain of the injustice done to them by Cap-
tain Miller and his associates. Sir, it was the
duty of the crew to have come forwad and had
their portion of the prize paid to them at the time
the proceeds of itwere distributed. They failed
to do so. They say they failed because they
were poor, and were consequently unable to pros-
ecute the claim in the courts of justice. And now,
after forty years have gone by, they come for-
ward with ex parte testimony, and ask the House
to reimburse to them the money which they say
was fraudulently taken from them by Captain
Miller and his associates. I ask the committee
if they are prepared to vote this money to these
individuals, when they admit that they were en-
titled to a portion of the prize money which was
improperly and fraudulently withheld from them,
because they l'aiied to prosecute their case ill the
courts of the country ? I have not heaid the tes-
timony read upon which the committee predicate
their report, but I desire to call the attention of
the committee to the question, whether this bill
ought to be here or not? Is not this bill of that
character which should have gone to the Court
of Claims? I submit to the calm judgment of
this committee, whether or not this is not one of
those cases which, of all others, should have
been referred to that court?
Here is a case which is based entirely upon
ex parte testimony. Is this committee prepared
to pass this claim when the case, as made out by
tile showing of the party himself, on cx parte
testimony, shows that a fraud was committed
upon the crew - Is the House prepared to pass
this bill when, more particularly, we hold that
this bill has had an improper direction? This
Congress ought to have been discharged from its
consideration, and it ought to have been referred
to the Court of Claims. If the House of Repre-
sentatives is to investigate claims of this character,
I ask, m the name of common justice and of
common sense, what claims should be referred '
to the Court of Claims? If this is not a fit sub-
ject for the consideration of the Court of Claims,
pray tell mo where you will find a case which
ought to go there? Are gentlemen prepared to
say that any one having a claim against the G ov-
cnimuit may bring it before this House, with a
view to avoid the expense which would attend
its prosecution before the Court of Claims ? I
have no doubt that, if you were to investigate all
the cases whichyou are called to pass upon hero,
nine tenths of them would be found to be such
as ought to be referred to the Court of Claims;
and 1 submit to the gentleman himself, who re-
ported this bill, whether or not he is not asking
this House to take cognizance of a case which
ought, to have gone to that court, where the tes-
timony on the other side—the testimony on be-
half of the Government, might be heard, and
where Captain Miller, who is charged with fraud
aud corruption, might be heaid ? Are you pre- ;
pared to pass a bill, to say the least of it, of so I
doubtful a character ? |i
^ I am not disposed to trespass upon the time of 1 \
t:ie committee, but I hope they will examine the
testimony. I most assuredly shall vote against
tiie bul unless the gentleman who reported it shall
satisfy nic—which he failed to uo when this
matter was under discussion before—that justice
demands its passage. But I repeat that the case
should be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am almost unwilling to say
a word to the House in reference to this bill, after
the discussion which the question involved in it
underwent when it was last before the committee;
but, sir, it is necessary and proper for some one
to say something in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia. He says he shall be
compelled to vote against this bill unless he re-
ceives some satisfaction from the members of the
committee who reported it, and he seems to have
difficulty in reference to it upon two grounds:
first, as to whether it is now rightfully before us;
and next, as to what may be the facts involved in
it? He says he thinks this is one of those cases
that ought to be decided by the Court of Claims.
Now, sir, I do not agree with him in that opinion;
I do not think that the question presented in this
bill is one that can properly be decided by that
court. That court was organized and vested with
authority to examine such claims against the
United States as are founded upon any law of
Congress, or upon any contract, express or im-
plied, with the United States. The claim which
is here presented has nothing of either of those
characters. It is a claim which is not founded
upon any law—it is a claim which does not pro-
ceed from any contract or implied obligation.
It is simply a claim presented to-Congress, in
which the political action of the Government is
asked upon equitable considerations growing out
of what ought to be regarded as its settled policy.
It is admitted that there is no legal demand, and
that there is no claim founded upon an existing
obligation either express or implied.
Cut this is the question presented: Shall, or
shall not, the political power of the country be
exerted in the manner proposed by the commit-
tee to carry out the established policy of our
Government in tiiis particular case ? Now, sir,
whether it ought or ought not to be exerted de-
pends on the facts; and with deference to the
opinion of the gentleman from Virginia, I can-
not believe that there is any question of fact
involved in the consideration of this bill. The
facts are admitted. There was a capture made,
in the waters of the United States, of property
destined for the use of the enemy then in pos-
session of a portion of our territory; and it is
admitted that a portion of the persons who made
that capture, instituted a certain proceeding
founded upon the provisions of laws then in force,
under which a forfeiture of the property was
incurred upon a ground different from that of
capture.
Mr. MeMULLIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly,
Mr. MeMULLIN. I ask the gentleman from
Louisiana if there has not been heretofore more
than one action of ibis House upon this matter, ]
and whether adverse reports have not been made
upon it ^ i
Mr. TAYLOR. There has been one adverse
report, but it was based upon the fact that there
had been a misrepresentation by Captain Miller,
who was one of the parties engaged'in the trans-1
action, with respect to one point—that he acted
under a commission issued by u collector of one !
of the ports of the United States, when, in fact,
no such commission was held by him at the time
of the capture, and that the commission set up
by him was antedated.
Mr. M1LLS0N. The gentleman will allow
me to set him right. The gentleman is mistaken !
in supposing that there has been any adverse
report m this case. The gentleman refers to the
report that I made, and that was an adverse re-
port upon the case of JNoali Miller. This is the
first time that this ease was ever presented to '
Congress. The report m the case of Noah Mil-
ier sots forth aU tiio facts and eircura?siances, but
in point of fact it is no report either ^n favor or >
adveise to this case. ;
Mr. TAYLOR. It is true the report made re-'
lated to the same subject-matter, but to different1
parties His report %vas on the claim of Captain
rvoah Miller for an amount additional to that al-
lotted to him by the district court uf Maine in the '
proceeding alluded to. That report would have
been well founded on no other ground, so far as .
•Noah Miller was concerned, than that he had i
been guilty of misrepresentation in the proceed-
ing had in the district court. It was not well
founded on the ground that it was in opposition
to the principles of international law, or of our
own law. It could have been well founded on no
other ground than that the party would not have
been entitled to any part of the fund in the Treas-
ury of the United States, admitting the facts and
the principles to have been correctly stated by
those who urged Captain Miller's claim, because
of his previous misconduct. But, aside from this,
he would have been excluded for another reason.
He had already received a larger portion of the
proceeds of the capture than could have been al-
lotted to him if the property had been distributed
as a capture. The simple cjuestion, then, is this:
are those who were a portion of the crew of the
vessel which made the capture rendered, by any
misconduct of Noah Miller, incapable of receiving
from the bounty of the Government such portion
of the proceeds of the property captured from the
enemy, m a meritorious enterprise, as they would
otherwise have been entitled to on every consid-
eration of public policy? That is the question
involved in the present bill. And though the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] regarded
the original capture as illegal, it was chiefly on
the ground of misconduct in Noah Miller, as I
understand it, that he placed his opposition to
his claim.
_ I was not disposed to contend against the posi-
tion which he took with respect to the want of
merit on the part of Noah Miller. For myself, I
think he ought to be excluded from any further
benefits to be derived from a distribution of that
fund. I was, however, indifferent as to the adop-
tion or rejection of the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia, excluding him ex-
pressly, because under no circumstances did I
conceive that Noah Miller or his representatives
could receive any further amount. The only
real question presented at this time is, whether
any misconduct urged against Noah Miller ought
to operate so as to prevent Congress from doing
that which sound policy requires should be done
with respect to other individuals who were not
parties to that act, and who could not be parties
to it? Yhey stated all the facts involved in the
case fully and fairly, when they were examined
in relation to the other claim; and, in my opinion,
there never was a claim which political consider-
ations more imperiously required should receive
the sanction of the National Legislature, than the
one under consideration.
. Mr. MeMULLIN. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that it be referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. BENSON. That motion is not in order
while there is a motion pending that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. {think the motion
made by_ the gentleman from Virginia would be
in order if there were no precedent motion. It
does seem to me that, on the statement just made
by the gentleman from Louisiana, this bill should
be rejected. What is the position assumed by
that gentleman ? Tha t there is no legal or implied
obligation on the part of the Government to pay
this claim. On what ground does he rest the
passage of the bill5 On political grounds. The
Government is asked to pay a claim which its
advocates say depends on neither legal, moral,
nor equitable obligations. It is in the nature of a
bounty, and nothing but a bounty. Are we to
take up all claims that may be presented to us,
and confer bounty in like manner, when they may
have failed in successive Congresses for thirty
years ?
I understand that this claim was first prosecuted
in the name of Noah Miller. It failed. It was
decided to be invalid, and that it ought not to be
paid. New claimants make their appearance, and
the claim is pressed, not on legal grounds—not
because the Government is required to pay this
bounty, but merely for the reason that, as the
money at one time under the operation of the
law was paid in, it ought now to be paid out of
the Treasury. I can see no meiit whatever in the
bill. The piooer course to be pursued in my
judgment is to refuse the payment of the money
by defeating the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Tennessee
