1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
propriety there now is in calling for a temporary
presiding officer. I beg to say that I have the
utmost confidence in the gentleman from South
Caioliua, [Mr. Obr;] but it seems to me that
gentlemen will find that this feeling will of ne-
cessity grow up that, if there is once a presiding
officer, the election of Speaker will be protracted,
and there will be a temptation to introduce legis-
lation on a great variety of things. It will not
appear as if there was so much necessity for a
regular Speaker.
i hope, therefore, that my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] will withdraw his resolution for a
time; and if disorder shall arise, or if there shall
be any confusion or turbulence, then it will be
time enough to proceed to the election of a presid-
ing officer to preserve order. But in the absence
of tiny such necessity, it seems to me that this
motion to appoint a temporary presiding officer
should not Be adopted. 1 renew the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CLiJN G-MAN. 1 desire to bring the
House to a vote on the proposition; I therefore
move the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman fiom
North Carolina [Mr. Clingmajt] be kind enough
to withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. CLItfGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With a view to meet the
objection of my colleague, [Mr. Stanton] 
Mr.STANTON, (interrupting.) 1 have moved
to lay the resolution on the table, and debate is
not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will not my colleague
withdraw that motion for the present?
Mr, STANTON. It is not in my power to
withdraw it, as I promised the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Wasiiburn,] when he withdrew his
motion to lay on the table, to renew it for him.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
Mr. GROW. Allow me to say here, in con-
nection with the New Jersey case referred to, that
in that case the Clerk refused to put any mo-
tion 
The CLERK, (interrupting.) As there is a
motion pending to lay (he resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] on the table,
debate is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now, in compliance with
the pledge which I gave to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] call for the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon my motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
A Member. Will the Clerk read the resolu- i
tion with the proviso? !
The CLERK. The proviso has not been i
added, inasmuch as the gentleman from Ohio i
[Mr. Stanton] persists in his motion to lay on |
the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I call for tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichols
and Boyce were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 72. j
Mi*. SAGE. I call for the yeas and nays. It i
is evident that we shall have them in the end, and
to economize time 1 call for them now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then stated, and the Clerk .
called the name of Mr. Aiken, who responded, \
when * j
Mr. CAMPBELL (interrupting the call) said: ]
Mr. Clerk, 1 did not suppose, when this proposi-
tion was oilered, there would be any serious ob- i
joeUon to it. As the result shows, however, that !
I was mistaken, to save the time of the Mouse !
I withdraw my proposition. [Cries of "Too!
late!*'] j
Mr. SNEED. I renew the proposition. !
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that, as the i
proposition has been stated to the House and
theie has been a lesponse, the gentleman cannot1
interrupt the call to withdraw his proposition. I
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I ehould like to !
know what rule there is thct will prevent the 1
gentleman from withcb awing his proposition5 '
The House has adopted no rule to the effect that:
a gentleman may not interrupt the call of the roll :
to withdraw hia motion. j
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that he '
acted under the authority of the usual practice of '
the House. j
Mr. JONES. That was under the rules spe-
cially adopted by the House in former sessions.
We are now acting under parliamentary law, and
those rules do not apply. 1 think the gentleman
from Ohio has the right to withdraw his proposi-
tion.
The CLERK. The Clerk submits the question
to the^ House for its decision. There being no
objection  
Mr. FLORENCE. There is objection. I
object to the withdrawal of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that he should not raise
a point of order upon the Clerk. From the in-
dications we have seen from votes already taken,
it is not likely the Hcmse will lay the resolution
upon the table. I hope, therefore, that the vote
may be allowed to bo taken now, and then it will
certninly be competent for the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his resolution.
Mr. SNEED. 1 have said, that if the gentle-
man from Ohio withdraws lus proposition I
would renew it.
The CLERK. The Clerk will read from the
Manual the authority upon which he has made
his decision:
LiLcare asked to uithcJraw a motion.—The juIo of Parlia-
ment boms.', that a motion made awl r-eeonded k in the pc>
se^ioa ot the lioa-p, and cannot, he witlidiawn without
leave, the vniy terms of the rul>' imply that leave may be
given, and consequently a;kr>d and put to the question."
Mr. SAGE. For the purpose, then, of avoid-
ing all difficulty in reference to the question of
order, T move that the gentleman from Ohio have
leave to withdraw bis resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman from
Ohio desires to withdraw his proposition, I trust
then; will be no objection to it, because it can be
immediately offered again by some other mem-
ber. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Snled]
has already indie,ated his intention to ienew the
resolution if it should be withdrawn. The same
object can therefore be accomplished, and the
necessity of determining this question of order
avoided, by withdrawing all objection to the with-
drawal of the resolution by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mi'. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am quite will-
ing to take the responsibility I some time since j
assumed of offering this resolution. I do not j
withdiaw my resolution. Let the vote be taken. I
The call of the roll was then completed, and the j
motion to lay on the uible decided m the negative— j
yens 88, nays 308; as follows: !
YEA^S—i\Ie>srs. Aibi edit, Allison, Barbour, H'-my Ben- '
neu, Benson, Bdl,n;?iun..i, i'nipham, Bud-haw, ;
Dienion, Biillinmo.i, Jjuilniiiame, James 1!. Campbell, i
Chali'.'e, r./ia <!iirk, Cliucon, ("oimiw, Ciann, j
Cumluek, D.umoil, Tnnoiliy liavi-. Day, Bean, J)<: WiU, I
Dick, Dick <>n, Dotid, Duller, Jki-e, ftmne, l'uiirlci, <«\u- '
loway, (Iiddiii".-, (Hubert, Cnue.-' i, (-'row , Uobrn 15 Ha'!, ,
11a; lan, Hollow a\ .T!joiim> R. lioilon, llowitd. IlniilMon, |
Ken', Knapp, Kiu^ht, Knowlton, Beit. ,\ Mace. McOutv, j
.M"m'liam, Ki'h.ui Mniei. IWoiyan. iUondl. 'Man, Mini a**, j
Ni'-iioK, IVukej, IVaiee, J'eJfrm, Peii} P.jHit, I'lke, 1'rui- j
fil", i'umance, S.ibm, Sage, Ht<pp, Snmnonv, Stanton,
tflrannlKUi, Tappan, Tliounyton. Ylanvton.To'M, Traiion,
Wade, Wakemaii, Wnlhiid^e, Waidion, Cadwaladci C.
Wa.->h'mi'"ne, jliiimi B. Wa.-nimme, Israel Wa-hburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodtsui, and Woodwoith—<:6
NAYH—Me *i • Aden, Alloa, fJaik^diUe, Bell, lit nry
S. Bennett, Boon.dc, Boyre, Bionk-, Bio-hd, Cad wal'idrr,
John P. Campbell, Lewi.-. 1). Campbell, Carnle, Cam- !
tilers, Caskic, Bayanl Claiif, Clunnnan, llowell Cobb,!
Williamson it. W. Cpbo, (/ox, Cueirc, Crawford, Cullcn, ;
David.'On, JJomy Winter Davis D-'iivci, Do wd el I, Dunn, [
Edmnnd>on. ikhvardj. Eiiiou, ftmdirh, Kitheudge, J'lu-tis, j
Evan.-, Faulknei, Floicnr", Fo^lci, Ilcmy K}. I'tiHet, i
Thomas J.I) Fuller. Goodc, Greenwood, Hall, ;
J. I\To! 11'iOji ITairi^, Samp-on U7. Haiii-, Ti.oma- L 11 o *•- j
ris, ilai ii' on, Haven, Itoioei t, \^llen^m,: B. iloito.i. [Ton :
ton, (icoics! W. J. <^lari''v Josn'-i, Ke,iv, KidWill, j
'•Inox, Lake, Letci)!'!, Tiindley, Lunipian. Ale\audei K. 1
Ma;, hall, Samuel S. 3\f*ir^iiPll, Al.ixweli, .McMnih;', Me- '
Cineeii, MJI-'i. M'll-^oa, ?.Tiliwaidj iNiOxae, N aton,
An-l'ew Oliver, Meide'-.n Olivet, P. 'n<', Bet k, 1'otier,
?oweil, Pn'-)ear, (inn nan, iteade, lleadv, !lieh<'rd-;ii>,
Riveis, lluilin, Jiu-it, ^'amiulip, ^:ivai^, .sew.ud, :
Shoit^r, Samuel A. Smitn, William K. Smitn, Snerd, ,
Stephen-, Stewart, Swope, Tny«>r, Trippo, rnd^rwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, W.irner, Waikut-, Well-, Wlatnej,
Window, Jolin V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—LOS.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. MATTESON stated that, having paired
off upon all questions affecting the election of
Speaker, he should not feel at liberty to vote upon
this resolution. If he were free to vote he should
vote to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I regret, Mr. Clerk, that at
this most important move of the session 
Mr. CLIiNXtMAjNT. I rise lo a nue.'jfion of
order. The previous question has been moved
upon the resolution before the House, and no
debate is in order.
Mr. COLFAX. I think I have the Ho or.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon my question
of order. -
Mr. COLFAX. Olhergentlemen ha\e spoken
since the previous question was called, and I
claim the right to fee heard also.
Mr. CLllNTGMAN. I must insist upon my
question of order.
The CLERK. The recollection of the Clerk
is, that the previous question was moved, but he
had iorgotten it at me time he recognized the
gentleman from Indiana. The Clerk thinks, how-
ever, thai the previous question jus been moved,
and the Journal beers linn out in Ins recollection.
No debate, therefore, is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I made the motion
for the previous question, but undorslanding that
the honorable gentleman from Indiana ch-sivcs '<>
make some observations upon the resolution, i
will withdraw the motion for the purpose, if he
will reii"w it.
Mr. COLFAX. I will renew it. Mr. Clerk,
I regret thnt, at this most important move of
this protracted stiug;>Je, which lias attnieted not
only the attention oi'the House, but of the whole
country, } am compelled, by conscientious con-
victions, to vote against the motion of the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, with whom it has
been my pleasure generally to act upon this door.
Sir, I am not a lawyer; but I have often heard it
stated by lawyers that possession is ni.ie points
m law. It is well known that the distinguished
gentleman from South Carolina, whose name
appears m this resolution, has been spoken of as
the one lik( ly to he settled on <is the com}')) omise;
and 1 am unwilling, considering the magnitude
of the issues involved, to give him the advantage
which ho would derive fiom the tempomry occu-
pancy of the chair. I am willing, however, to
act os magnanimously as gentlemen on the other
side could reasonably claim. 1 em willing that
the Clerk, belonging, as he does, to the Admin-
istration party, should continue to presid" over
our deliberations until a iierneue-nt organisation
has been ellevted, and I will go furih-v, L am
willing to pkiee the two minorities here, the
Democracy and the American party, upon equal
footing with the very large plurality—X nn^ht
almost say majority—of members who are Re-
publicans; for I believe it is pretty well under-
stood that the members voting for Mr. !'a\*ks
are, if the scattering votes are i ot eoen'ed, a
majority over those voting lor both Mr. ilini-
akd^on and AJ:. Vol.llu. I .mi wdUng ih.J t:,e
three parti"rf in t he 1 louse shall oee;ipy an ek.v tly
equal position in this temporary orgasnra'ion. I
propose, thereforr, to a i-iend t lie resolut u n oi](\vd
by the gentleman fore Ohio, by sinking out all
ci'ter the word 41 Resolved," and to insert the
following:
"That liie three parries ia tin.- lloit-". repicsenf'd i-.v tn«
on" ini idled and i:\e vu-""< iei JUt. lii" >.-veruv five
voir*® lor .Mr. Iirc jt\;u>-ov, and file forty votc-j tor yn.
Fvt,l:-au sho'i eft.-ii select a SjK-aker pro /(/-(fort, Wi'o
?-! > ill I pu- -id'' eve; Mie <|.'id)"iaiu 'i- oi tE.i< Uoa>e aii"ina;.'i^ ,
a- iliey ^ha'l ai'ifually agioe among tlicm<civo>, until a
Speaker is elected "
Air. CAMPBELL. T have l>ut a word to say
in reply to ihe geni.'eman from Indiana.
The CLEUK. The Clerk would suggest that
inasmuch as the ca'ifor (he previous (|Uesiion
was pending and withdrawn temporarily m order
to allow the gentleman from Indiana to address
some remarks to tin- House, the }>ioposilion
winch he has submitted is not m order.
Air. COLFAX, t I'iSi• to question of order.
The gentlemasi IVom Ohio [Mr Campbki.l] with-
drew ins cali for the previous fpiesfion, and yn ld-
ed the floor tome. "While occupying the door
then i was invested with all the rights that c<ui
be exercised by any member upon tins floor.
The call for the previous question has not been
seconded. I am willing to renew the call for the
previous question; but I maintain that my prop-
osition is now before tho House as an amend-
ment to tho resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, and preceding the motion for the previous
question.
Mr. SAGE. If my memory serves me the call
for the previous question was notseconded. The
call was made, but the mam question was not
ordered to be put.
