1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
military or naval. That cases may arise in which
some supervision may be necessary, I do not j
doubt, especially with a view to correct legislation i
to remove existing evils; butl have my doubts as .
to the constitutional power of the .Senate to look ;
into the proceedings of every court-martial, un- ;
less with such a view. I believe that the Ckmsti- J
tution gives power to the President alone, as j
Commander-in-Chief, to revise the proceedings j
of ordinary courts-martial. I do not think it
does any good to constitute this body into a court
of appeal, for if the practice be once commenced, i
every man who gets broken by a court-martial i
will come to this body, or to the House of Rep- ;
resentatives, to have his case inquired into by
way of appeal. I do not speak m reference to
the naval board, or of the disputes which have
arisen in regard to it; I speak of the general prin-
ciple. I am opposed to interference by this body
with the proceedings of courts-martial, without
some particular jeasson for it. I think it is a bad
practice1, and therefore I shall vote against tins
resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The time has arrived for
the consideration of the special order upon which
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] has
the floor—the Kansas reports and bill. I trust
that the Senate will now permit that question to
be taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to have a vote
on this resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to accommodate the
Senator, and for the purpose of obtaining a test
vote, I will move to lay this resolution on the
table. I put it in that form, in order to cut off
debate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the resolution—not on its adoption.
'Mr. DOUGLAS. Yery well; let there be a vote
on taking it up.
The question was taken, and there were on a
division—ayes 11, noes ^3. So the Senate re-
fused to take up the resolution for consideration.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 172) to authorize
the people of the Territory of Kansas to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union,when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. COLLAMER proceeded to address the
Senate, and he spoke until three o'clock; when
Mr. FOOT said, I understand that my col-
league is somewhat indisposed. He has now
been addressing the Senate for two hours, and he
does not feel that he has sufficient strength to pro-
ceed. I move, therefore, that the fuither consider-
ation of tins bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It would be more agreeable
to hcive an understanding as to the hour when
the discussion is to commence to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) If no hour be fixed, this subject,
being a special order, will come up at one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of their clerks, announced
that they had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 70) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June 30, 1S57; also, that they had con-
curred m two, and non-concurred m two, of the
Senate's amendments to House bill (No. G9)
making appropriations for the support of the
Mihtaiy Academy for the year ending June 30,
1857.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 3, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer ,
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. i
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. ,
enrolled bill. \
Mr. PIKE, fiom the Committee on Enrolled ,
Bills, reported as corrcctly enrolled, " An act to
continue temporarily the land offices at Kalama-
zoo, in the State of Michigan, and at Palmyra, in
the State of Missouri;" when the Speaker signed
the same.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury m answer to
a resolution of the House of Representatives, rel-
ative to the Louisville and Portland canal; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department
asking that a deficiency of §600 be appropriated
for the increased compensation of the assistant
clerk and weigh clerk of the branch mint atNew
Orleans, for the year ending on the 30th of June,
1856, rendered necessary under the twenty-third
section of the civil and diplomatic bill, appoved
on the 3d of March, 1855; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasuiy asking
for the appointment of seven additional clerks;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of 28th of February, calling on the Sec-
retary of War to report what fortifications are
necessary to guard the coast between Mobile and
New Orleans, and to furnish estimates of the cost
thereof, transmitting a communication from the
chief engineer on the subject; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
alden's index.
Air. II. MARSHALL. Are reports in order
from the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee cm the Judiciary.
' Mr. MARSHALL. I would call the attention
of the Chair and of the House to the fact that
when reports were last called from the Committee
on the Judiciary, the House had under consider-
ation a resolution reported by that committee,
authorizing the purchase of Aldens Index of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and pending that the House passed to the
consideration of other business. Does not that
come up now ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless by the general :i
consent of the House. It goes to the Speaker's li
table—there being no motion to recommit. ji
i christian iiax. !|
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am instructed by !j
the Judiciary Committee to report a bill for the '1
I relief of Christian Hax, of the State of Mary- ;
t land. I would state to the House t1i.it this person j
i is a foreigner, who was naturalized in the district
I court of the United States, at Baltimore, in 1838; ;
j but the clerk, in entering the record, wrote his j
1 name as Hcngs, instead of Hax; and such a ,
i length of time has since elapsed, that the clerk ;
does not think it neht to interfere with the record, i
This bill is merely to enable the clcrk to amend :
his record; and I'hope it will be passed at once. 1
The bill was read a fust and second time, and i
was then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and, being engrossed, it was read the third
time and passed.
illinois district courts.
Mr. LAKE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report in favor of a bill
changing the time for holding the courts of the j
southern district of Illinois. The same biH pro- j
vides for transcribing certain records in Chicago
for the use of persons engaged in litigation before
the courts in the southern district of that State.
There are only two provisions in the bill; and I
am advised that it is important that it should be
passed immediately.
The bill was read. It provides (hatinstead ot
the times heretofore presenbed by law for holding
the terms of the circuit and district courts of the |
United States for the southern district ot Illinois,
they shall he held at Springfield on the first Mon- j
days of January, and on the first Mondays of i
June. It also provides, by its second section, for j
transcribing the records of the northern district;
of the same State, relating to such cases as should
originate in the said southern district.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
salaries of judges in oregon.
Mr. LAKE. The Committee on the Judiciary
have also had under consideration the memorial
and bill referred to them relative to increasing the
salaries of the judges in the Territory of Oregon.
They see no necessity for increasing the salaries
of the judges in that Territory, and have instructed
me to report the bill back with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
" A bill to extend certain provisions of the cost
andfeebiil to certain otheroificers therein named."
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAKE. I now ask the consent of the
House to offer a resolution merely for the pur-
pose of having it referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAIILAN. I object.
illinois contested election".
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the consent of the House,
this morning, to allow me to make a personal ex-
planation. It will be brief; and I hope the House
will grant me that privilege.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I beg to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he cannot defer his explan-
ation until the committees have been called for
reports? Iam very anxious to make some re-
ports, which I have in my possession, from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN. I should have no objection to
deferring it until that time, if I could have any
assurance that I could get the floor again. I feel
it to be of some importance that 1 should make
it at the earliest practicable moment. I dislike
to yield the floor, therefore, unless 1 can be cer-
tain of obtaining it again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is not entitled to the floor for the purpose he
has stated, if objection be made.
Mr. GIU1TMAN. I will not object.
Mr. ALLEN. It will be recollected that the
Committee of Elections, a few days ago, made a
report in obedience to a resolution offered by my
colleague, [Mr. Richardson,] m relation to their
action in the case between myself and Mr. Archer,
who is contesting my right to a seat upon this
floor. Although I was in the Hall when the re-
port was made, I was unable fully to understand
its import. On yesterday, however, a copy of
that report was put into my hands; and 1 am
somewhat surprised to find certain statements
contained in it, which statements seem to de-
mand from me some explanation. I am sorry to
he compelled to trespass upon the time of the
House, but I deem it due both to myself and to
the House, which will subsequently be called
upon to act in the case, that some explanation
should be made. The committee, in their report,
say:
" That the contestant, William B. Archer, on the 14th
day of February, 1353, presented his memorial to the House
ofKr-pi esentatives, accompanied with depositions and other
papers, which, on the same day, were leierred to yourcom-
nnuee : that at'terwaids, on the 5th day of Maieh mutant,
Mi. Archei appeared befoie the committee, and pi evented
a brief of the points upon which he rehes, or some of them,
in tins contest. This papei, by direction ot the committee,
was placed in the hands of the sitfcng member, Mi. Allen,
and he was mfoimodthat the committee would iec*ive and
consider any statement or argument he might he pleased to
submit. On the6th dayof March,Mr. Alitm piesented and
read an answer to the foregomg paper of the contestant,
which was filed with the committee.
'•From the evidence, papers, and statements in the case,
it appealed that a material, if not the turning, point m the
caee, had reference to the votes given m tae Livings-ton
precinct, in the county of Clark."
The report then goes on to state that—
" According to the count of the official canvassers, it ap-
peared that the whole numbei of votes for Representative
to Congi ess, m the seventh disti ict in Illinois at the election
held on the 7th of November, 1854, was 16,903, of winch
number James C. Allen had 8,452. and William B. Archer
had SAo 1. The depositions and certificates pioduced by
Mr. Archer prove, or tend to prove, that there \va$ a mistake
m the count and letums of the votes tiom the Livingston
precinct—that there wete counted and returned tor Mr.
Alien, in this precinct, one vote more than he actually re-
ceived, and for Mr. Archer two votes less than he actually
received.
"If the statements contained in said depositions ana cer-
