86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
The CLERK. The Clerk, on reflection, thinks
that the proposition of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Colfax] is in order. The floor was
yielded to the gentleman from Indiana on condi-
tion that before he took his seat he should renew
te call for the previous question, which had
en withdrawn by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.] Before resuming his seat, and
previous to his renewal of the call for the previous
question, the gentleman from Indiana presented
his amendment. The Clerk thinks that it is in
order.
Mr. COLFAX. I submitted my amendment
before I renewed the call for the previous ques-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio desires to reply
to what I have said, and I therefore withdrawthe
call for the previous question, and give up the
floor to him for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, the proposi-
tion which I made is a simple one; and i had
no idea that there would be any stir or excite-
ment about it. Nor did I suppose that I was
about to separate myself from my very highly
esteemed friend from Indiana, or anybody else
on this side of th  Hall. What is it ? Does it
propose to give in to the Opposition? And let
me say to the gentleman, that when it comes to
war with that Opposition on the Nebraska ques-
tion, I will bo found one of the last men to yield
the point. Does it propose to give any advantage
to the Opposition? [A Voice. It gives them the
MalakolF.] It gives them the Malakoff, does it.
If I understand the position of the Clerk on the
principles of the Nebraska bill, he goes to the
furthest extreme proposed by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] Then we yield
nothing in simply proposing that the Clerk, who
has the duties of the clerkship devolved on him,
shall be relieved from the charge of presiding,
and it shall be placed in the hands of one who,
it is acknowledged on all hands, understands the
parliamentary law, and will be impartial in ad-
ministering it, Will the gentleman from Indiana
then tell me what point of principle in the great
contest I have waived by the proposition ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer my friend from
Ohio with great pleasure. I can see, notwith-
standing I am "no prophet, nor the son of a
prophet," in the vista of the future that after wo
have spent another three weeks in balloting for a
Speaker, a proposition may be sprung on the
House—worried out, wearied with dissensions
and discussion, something like this: that the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who
will be in the chair, who will have doubtless ad-
ministered its parliamentary duties impartially |
and acceptably, shall, inasmuch as we cannot1
elect anybody else, be declared the elected Speaker
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana comes here expecting to be
worried out of principle, he had bettor make up
his mind to pack up and go home. [A Voice.
Will you never bo worried out?] No, sir, never.
You have adopted a rule this morning which will
require those of us who are determined not to
give in 011 it, to sit here and vote, and vote, and
vote, until you make a Speaker. Now, if the
gentleman expects to be worried out to-morrow,
or the day after to-morrow, or next week, or the
week after next, let him say so.
Mr. COLFAX. Allow me to explain. My
friend from Ohio certainly misunderstands me.
He does not exhibit his usual clearsightedness in
misunderstanding my point as he does. Perhaps
I am vague. I was alluding in my remarks speci-
ally to the minorities which have been billing and
cooing on this floor. Have we not heard appeal
after appeal made to the friends of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to take down
that Democratic platform, which is a wall of fire
that divides them, or to present, somo other can-
didate whom the gentlemen of the twelfth section
of the American platform can vote for, without
being considered as indorsing the resolutions of
the caucus which nominated Mr. Richardson ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let them take the re-
sponsibility; and I say to the gentleman from
Indiana that I would rather belong to a bold mi-
nority standing inflexibly against the jwinciples
of that Nebraska bill, without an organization
such as we would wish, warring against this Ad-
ministration with its organization, than to belong
to that party which, by a kind of machinery, gets
ths power of the House. Now, sir, it is the sim-
plest and fairest proposition, it strikes me, that
was ever submitted, under the circumstances, to
a body like this. It is simply a transfer of the
presiding powers, temporarily, until'you elect a
Speaker. The honorable gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] is acknowledged, on all
hands, to be a man of fairness. He differs from
me- on all points of politics.
This is a transfer, with a view to what ? As I
expressed it a while ago, with a view to the goo4
order, the decorum, and the dignity, which
should characterize an American Congress. Do
we not all know, at least those of us who have
served here in times past, that even under the ad-
ministration of a permanent Speaker—when you
come to night sessions, day and nightcontinuous
sessions without sleep, as your resolution pro-
poses, and without food, except that which you
may get about the Capitol—there are scenes of
turbulence and disorder unbecoming the high
character which ought to belong to this body ?
The proposition is made with the view of pre-
serving our character before the eye of the world,
at the same time exhibiting, I admit, some de-
gree of magnanimity, when I propose to take a
gentleman differing from me widely as does the
gentleman from South Carolina. Had I con-
sulted my own wishes, and had I looked to that
which is, perhaps, due to the distinguished gen-
tleman from my own State, I should have in-
serted the name of my colleague from the Ash-
tabula district, [Mr. Giddings;] but 1 knew full
well, then, that I should be charged with section-
alism, abolitionism, and fanaticism.
A minor point, as I expressed it, I thought
clearly, in the outset, was, not to impute impro-
priety to the Clerk at all, but to relieve him in
some degree from the onerous duties which have
been devolved on him for the past three weeks,
and transfer them to a man of similar political
opinions until a Speaker should be elected; one,
too, in whose integrity and impartiality I have
the fullest confidence. 1 lose nothing to the gen-
tleman's cause by the motion; nothing to the
cause of those of us on this side, or to that of the
gentlemen who come prepared to vote for a reso-
lution showing to the world that we mean to sit
here until wo shall elect aSpeaker, and then when-
ever they got sleepy or hungry, go home. I have
entered here for this entire campaign, [laughter;]
and, whenever the gentleman from Indiana finds
me yielding one single point of principle, it will
be time enough for him to notify the House and
the country that lie discovers that it is his duty
to separate from me.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust that my friend does
not understand me as imputing to him any want
of principle.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at all.
Mr. COLFAX. I would be the last man to
do it. I think the proposition was a mismove;
but he knows right well that wherever hisbanner
leads in the Nebraska fight before us at this ses-
sion, there will I follow nim unflinchingly to the
end.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not aspire to lead any-
body. My only aspiration now is to make such
provision as will enable us to go on with the busi-
ness of the House. We can do so under my
resolution, harmoniously and ii  good order. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
[Cries of, " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I wish to make
a single remark, if it is the wish of the House to
hear me.
The CLERK. Debate is out of order; but, if
there is no objection, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will proceed.
Mr. JONES. I understand that there is some
apprehension, on the other side of the House,
of a fusion. I took occasion, the other day, to
state, what I believed I was authorized to say,
that the Democratic party had made a nomina-
tion and framed a platform in caucus, from which
it did not mean to depart; that it meant to stand
by its own acts. And I have merely to assure
the gentlemen on the other side, that I have no
apprehension that they will find, when we come
to take a ballot, the Democratic party veering
from the course they have hitherto pursued.
They will find the Democratic party voting for
Mr. Richardson, as they have voted heretofore;
and that there will bo no deviation, unless so
ordered by the Democratic caucus itself, duly
assembled.
Mr. TODD. I would inquire of my colleague
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] whether he is
now speaking for the party, or for himself indi-
vidually? Ho spoke the other day, he said, for
the party.
Mr. JONES. I will answer the question pro-
§ounded by my colleague. I stated, the other
ay, when called upon to give my individual be;
lief, that 1 had no authority to speak for the Dem-
ocratic party on that, and that on other questions,
when I spoke for the party, they never author-
ized me to speak for them. But I speak now
what I believe to be the sentiment of the Dem-
ocratic party. If I am in error, they will correct
me. I believe I speak the sentiments of the
Democratic party when I say that the proposi-
tion coming from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] recommending the appointment of a
temporary Chairman of this House, was voted
for by them as an expedient temporary measure;
but they never understood it to be a change of
programme, nor that it should prevent them
adhering rigidly to the nomination made for the
Mr. TODD. Will the Clerk again read the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax?]
The substitute was again reported.
The CLERK. On this proposition the gentle-
man calls the previous question.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I arise
merely to quiet the apprehension expressed by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] that
any untoward result will arise from the " billing
and cooing '' which he says has been going on
between the Democratic party and the American
party on this floor. I assure the honorable mem-
ber that this " billing and cooing " has gone on, if
at all, in an entirely different quarter, and that the
national Americans have taken their position here
both independently and definitively. I flatter
myself the country quite understands it, and that
the country will at once perceive howthis " billing
and cooing " commenced, and between what par-
ties it is being prosecuted. There has been 110
proposition from any individual of the party to
which I belong, to alter the usual course of pro-
cedure in electing a Speaker—no proposition to
curtail the discussion which was developing our
respective positions, by resorting to a limitation
upon the debate—no proposition to try to force
a conclusion by a resort to any extraordinary
process either of starving or confinement. We
were content to let the members act upon their
judgment, as we had no right to suppose any-
thing else than that each one was acting upon his
conscience in every effort to elect a Speaker.
We saw no requirement to " bill and coo " with
any party, and if anything of that sort is going
on, we are not parties and are not responsible for
it. The proposition to elect a temporary Chair-
man now comes from a distinguished gentleman
who has been voted for by the Republican section
of this House, and upon the plea that, after the
adoption of an extraordinary rule proposed from
the Democratic section, we shall require services
beyond those you, Mr. Clerk, will be able to
render. He has announced that, as a proof of
his desire to be fair, he has taken an antipode in
politics ■
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I
made the proposition not in behalf of the Re-
publican party, but of my own suggestion. I
alone am responsible for it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Very well, and under this
declaration the country will know where the prop-
osition comes from, and to whom it is made.
The political antecedents of the gentleman define
his position, and his party is now as well known
as any other in this country.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I belong to the .American
organization. [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I know the gentleman
chdmsio belong to that organization, but the House
and the country will remember that, on sundry
occasions during our sessions here, he has re-
fused to stand on the platform of the American
Earty, and has taunted, me with inclining to read
im out of the American party.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not belong to the
American organization as the gentleman from
Kentucky understands it. [Laughter.]
