812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
tificates be correct and true, the result would be that the
whole number of votes given Jhr Representative to Con-
gress at :*cu<i elertion was 16,904. of which the sitting mem-
ber received 8,453. and the contestant 8,453; and the latter
would be clected by a majority of two votes."
The first point to which I desire to call the
attention of the House, is the following: The
committee say, that 44 the sitting member ob-
jected to the depositions of the contestant bear- i
ing on this point, on the ground that the notice •
prescribed by the act of Congress of 1851 had [
not been given to him." 1 beg leave to state that, :
while that was one of the objections I urged to j
the consideration of the testimony taken on that ;
occasion, it was not the most important of the i
objections I made before the committee. The
truth is that two other vital objections were urged
by me; and the report of the committee would :
make the impression that the objection stated was 1
the only one I made to the depositions in refer- :
ence to the miscount of votes at the Livingston ;
precinct. ■
My first ground of objection was that the original j
notice, required by law to be given to me within |
thirty days after the proclamation of the account- ]
ing officers, laid no foundation for any proof of j
a miscount of the vote of any precinct of that j
district. The other one was that the evidence 1
taken by the contestant was entirely insufficient;
to overthrow the action of the judges and clerks, !
who were sworn to faithfully discharge their !
duties in making a count of the votes cast at that
precinct. Both of these objections were left al-
together out of view; and the impression would
be made by the report of the committee, that the
only objection I had to the evidence taken on that
occasion was, that the notice of time and place to j
take depositions was not given within the period
required by law. I
but, Mr. Speaker, there is a more important i
point to winch I desire to call the attention of the \
House. The report goes on to say: i
45 The sitting member objected to the depositions of the <
contestant bearing upon this point, upon the giound that 1
the notice prescribed by the act of Congress of 1831 had not
been {riven to him. Tins act rcqunes ten day-:' notice to :
theadveise party, and in this ca e the notice \va-> snved
but nine da>-  betoio the tune appointed for taking! ho depo-
sitions, although dated seventeen davs bei'oie the time of
caption, and seasonably loi warded to" a coUcauue in Con-
giess of Mr. Allen for acrvjcc. Iicpraiduuf the Jaw of ]&">!
as directory niciely, and not as absolutely contioliing the
action of the House or of the committee, {ibi mey could not
believe that it was Hie intention of Congress, if it lwd the
power, winch is not conceded, to ths>fr.melu-c3 byopornuon ;
of this law, the p"ople of a congressional district, because :
of the inadvertence, ignoiance, negligence, ot collusion of !
the candidates, or either of thcm,> the committee did not .j
teel at liberty m tins case, and particulailv as it was hi*- ; t
gested by the contestant that the omission to give the notice : 1
hpeciticd in the act of 1851 was pmely accidental on the ■ I
part of the gentleman to whom it? service was inuusted,
to exclude this testimony ab-olutcly, oi to make a final I
lepoit, without enabling the parlies to pietent, in the mo-t !
full and ample niaiinur, the facts as they ac'uallv c.Mhttd. !
Upon tin- point the sitting member, m his papej Yiiod with i!
tiic committee, says: ;
' It !-> no answer to these objections to sav that the^e
judges and cieikj, m then depositions taken oii the 0th of
March, testily that the examination which took place on
the ~d was m all things prop?rly conducted, and that the '
ballots had been caremlly pre^eived, &,c.; for those depo- i
feitions weio taken wjthout that notice to mo which is '
required by the ninth scction of the act. It is tiuethat the I
contestant attempted to give me notice, but it reached me ;
witum the ten days required by law, and too late loi me to i
attend in person or by agent. And while I do not conceive 1
that the depositions contain in themselves anything that;
could wai rant the committee m setting aside "the oiiiciat !
returns and annulling my commi^ion under the great seal :
of the rftate, f 1 e&peetluUy but earnestly urge the committee,
H they should regard it differently, not to do so upon ;
testimony taken without such liotice ab would be required '
in a matter where a few dollau, or even cents, was m con- !
troversv.'
'' Under the circumstances, the committee fid not deem \
tAe request of Mr. Allen, as they understood it, as unreason- |
?otCvu,gVSo?ro«':°n tl,e 14t" -toPied tlie ]
"'Resolcetl, That the chairman be directed to inform ;
the parties m the ea-e of the seat from Illinois contested
between Mr. Allen and Mr. Archer, that they will be ner-
rmtted to take further depositions, to be returned within '
fouy days, notice of the time and place of taking deposi- ,
twns to be given by each pai ty to the other, of not less than i
tlie paru ' ,v'lere "maybe otherwise agreed between !
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order, under color of
a personal explanation, for the gentleman to fro
into an argument of the whole case at this sta-je '
of the proceedings ?
The SPEAKER. The House has unanimously !
consented to the gentleman's statement of matters :
personal to himself.
Jlr. KELSEY. For a personal explanation.
Is this a personal explanation? :
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say
whether or not what the gentleman is proceeding
with is a personal explanation under the consent
of the House.
Mr. ALLEN. The gentleman will see the
pertinency of my remarks in a few moments. It
was necessary that I should read a portion of the
committee's report, in order that the House might
understand the point to which I wished to draw
its attention. I desire to state that, when this
committee reported that the resolution extending
the time for taking depositions was offered at my
instance, they stated what is not warranted by
what appears on the face of the papers, nor from
anything which has fallen either from my lips or
my pen. I have not, in anything which I have
written or spoken to that committee, warranted
the report, " that, under the circumstances, the
committee did not conceive my request to be un-
reasonable." I do not desire to be placed by that
report in a false light before this House.
I based my defense on the ground that the testi-
mony taken by this contestant was utterly in-
sufficient to warrant this House in excluding me
from my seat, that it might be occupied by the
contestant. I again repeat, that in no act, in no
sentence or word X have written or spoken before
that committee, or anywhere else, from the com-
mencement of the present Congress to the present
time, have I intimated a desire to take further
testimony. I cannot conceive, then, why this
committee should have thought proper to place
the case in the light it has, and bring me before
this body to sanction their action in giving further
time to take testimony to rebut what the con-
testant had present before them.
iNot content with this first allegation in their
report, they allude to the matter again in such a
way as to endeavor to fasten the impression upon
the House that I sought this delay; that I was
anxious for this very investigation." In the con-
clusion of the repoit, after copying the resolution
which passed the House, they go on to sav. as i
follows: ^ & " y ' !
'■hi adopting this icsolution, the committee followed
many pieccdenls ot previou- committees, and tlley believed
that it was due to the pat tit ^ and to the Hoe :c that an >
oppoitunity should be given to lake testimony, to be used :
m the ease, when both paities may be pie.-ent, and the ■
whole tuith elicited and t!i-e!osed; and They came the moie
readily to thus decision, because they undc 'j'jd it to be in •
accordance v Uh the viskcs oi tkc sitting member, as the caje
appeared befoie tile committee, and assented to bv the coil- |
his case, as it now stands upon his evidence, by
attempting to throw the responsibility of the
committee's resolution for further depositions
upon me.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire the
indulgence of the House for a moment to make
a few remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
gentleman will proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURN. I shall, in what I have
to say upon the unusual and very extraordinary
course and line of remark which the honorable
gentleman has seen proper to pursue, be very
brief. I do not imagine that a single member of
this House believed that, when the gentleman
rose and asked leave to make a personal expla-
nation, he was, under the guise of a personal
explanation, going to make a reply to the report
of the Committee of Elections.
Now, what is the state of the case? Some
days ago a colleague gf the gentleman introduced
the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the Committee of Elections leport to this
House what action lias been liad by said committee on tile
contested-election case of Aichcr rs.Allen, fioin the seventh
congressional district in the State of Illinois."
Now, under that resolution the Committee of
Elections had this to do, and this only: to report
what action they had taken in this election case,
and nothing more. They confined themselves
strictly to the requirements of the resolution of the
gentleman's colleague. They have undertaken to
detail just what they have done, and nothing more.
The memorial and papers of the contestant were
presented and referred. He appeared before the
committee and made his argument m writing; and
the gentleman from Illinois was informed that he
might come before the committee and present his
side ofthecase. Hedid so, and made an argument
in writing. It appeared, from the arguments and
the testimony which had been taken,"that the case
must turn upon the election in the Livingston
precinct, and that, if the returns from that pre-
cinct were correct, then the gentleman from Il-
linois would be entitled to his seat; but that, if
incorrect, and the subsequent count of the votes
was correct, then that the contestant would he
entitled to the seat.
The Committee of Elections looked at the case
tenant.
On what that understands
a total loss to imagine.
part of my reply to the
and seeing that it would turn upon the election
is In-Pfl T nm „t '' in the Livingston precinct, and upon that alone,
Ccnamlr not on that .'! a,ld ff'm"p a>St0,> that tbe gentleman from 111.-
. .. statemei'it of Coloner! rt'q, by thCa,Ct
Archer which the committee have copied, because ,1° ' y, , oelieve that it was right
it bears no such inference. If the committee m ■! ein' or l^y would be dealing fairly by
making this extract from my statement, had crone'> ! ^Cn icin't0 "CCi<^e 1t^ie question upon the
a little further back, and published to the House !! " aPPe<"'cd^inasmuch as he had
what preceded it, there would have been no neces- ! i btat0<J l;lat he dl<1 not actually nave time to employ
sit.v for this riovRoim 1 evnlnnntmv. .v... tk™ 1. o an attoiney to attend at tlie taking of tlie testi-
sity for this personal explanation, for then it
would have been shown what was the point to
which I desired attention to be called. In that :
reply I sny: \
'•ft 13 no answer to these objections to s-iv, that these !
judges and ciciist,m the depo-sitions taken on the Otli of '
Maieh, were, in ail tilings, propeily conducted," &>-.
mony, saying, at the same time, that if he could
hare appeared by person or attorney he would
not have taken this objection.
The committee did not believe that if the con-
testantshould make out a clear case to tlie House
r in point of fact, he had a majority of the legal
I had been urging upon the committee the in- ■! v°tes> but in consequence of a delay of a colleague
sufficiency of the original nofice to me. I had I e Ser,l-^man trom Illinois, in the lasi Con-
been urging upon the committee the insufficiency ■! £ress> 'ie failed to give noticc to the gentleman
of the testimony upon which the contestant was 'i onf ^ after tile cxpira,ion of the time spcci-
1'elying, 111 saying that a mistake had been made I- • V ln statutc> ilc ought to be deprived of the
m the count. I was not speakm°- and basino- my rignts of a seat here, or that the people of Illinois
objection to their action solelv upon the want of ■! s"oul" "0 deprived of the services of a gentleman
notice; and I alluded to it only as another reason ^ y"oma majority had chosen. They didnotbelieve
why the committee could not "dispossess me from i! 11 go to the extent to allow the
gentleman from Illinois to hold his seat, whether
he was entitled to it upon the merits or not. They
believed that it was a case where all the facts as
they actually existed, and upon which this case,
as all election cases, should be decided, should be
my seat upon the evidence before them, and that ;
it had been taken ex parte, and without the notice
served upon me which is required by the act of !
Congress. Upon an examination of the extracts i
upon which they base my consent, it will be seen   --
that I was directing their attention to that point ' 111 , Known to the committee and to the House,
and that I was not urging a want of notice as the 'i a > cy just s° much of the statement
sole ground upon which°I relied in tlus contest of gentleman from Illinois as bore upon this
or urging it as a reason for taking further testi- ll casc> an" I as®£  eave of the House to read it:
mony. The only inference which can be drawn ' • '' 'f 13 no thete objections to fny that the-'o
from those extracts is, that I was uro-in" it as an ' ^dge? a"dtc(!l!1,l?s'' m,thur dl,Po mon< taken on tlie 9th of
(lhWtinn lo fho if ,} , ° a as,an M-nch, testify that tin; examination which took pbec on
0 3jectioil to the sufficiency of the testimony, but the 2d was m all tinn«i pioperly conducted, and that the
not as a consideration to the committee for further ii had been carciully preserved "
time to take deposition
1 ^ xj18 unwdlni<£ that this report should go to
the House and to the country without this ex-
P^^tion. I was unwilling that my competitor
should be permitted to cover up his retreat from
j Admitting by implication, that from the testi-
mony which had appeared before the committee,
that tlie ballots had been eaivfully preserved, and
that the second count had taken pia'-e properly
■and regularly, and upon that count it appeared
