76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Seioard.
Senate.
ent States of Guatemala, San Salvador, Hondu-
ras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica. These States
exclude the Belize, or British Honduras, and in-
clude the Mosquito coast. Central America was
discovered by Columbus, in the service of Spain,
and so, according to the law of that age, became
a part of the dominion of that kingdom; the Pope
bavin"-, by a previous concordat, awarded to
Portugal all the regions she should discover in
goin^astward from the Azores, and to Spain all
she should discover in going westward from that
point, without knowing that the two parties, pur-
suing their opposite courses, were ultimately to
meet and conflict. This portion of the Isthmus
was conquered and colonizcd, and occupied by
Spain, in 1535, and became, after a time, the
kingdom or vice-royalty of Guatemala. This
vice'-royalty, or province, threw off the Spanish
authority, and became an independent federal re-
public in 1823, under the name of the Republic
of Central America. In 1839, the live fetates
which I have already named, and which consti-
tuted the Republic, dissolved their political ""'on,
and each assumed absolute independence, -they
have an aggregate population of about two mil-
lions one twelfth whites, four twelfths mixed,
and the residue Indians.
The acquisition of California by the United j
States in 1848, the disclosure of its immense min- i
eral wealth, and the consequent political organ-
ization and social development of that State, pre-
cipitated upon them and on the world the solution
of that great problem of a communication across :
the isthmus, between the two oceans, which had ;
been studied without practical result three hun- I
dred and fifty years. Such a passage, while it |
would be beneficial to all nations, was indispens-
able to the United States, because California was
practically inaccessible from the Atlantic States
for the purposes of commerce and defense.
The United States had sympathized with all
the Spanish-American States in their revolutions,
and had extended to them favorable commercial ;
treaties. In 1823, the President, Mr. Monroe,
after grave consideration, had announced to the ■.
world, as a postulate, that " the American conti- ]
nents, by the free and independent condition ;
which they have assumed and maintained, are
henceforth not to be considered subjects for future
colonization by any European Power;" but the
United States had, nevertheless, always declined,
although often urgently invited and invoked, to
interfere in the political affairs of those States.
Three prominent routes for interoceanic pas-
sages were discussed: one by the way of Te-
huantepec, in Mexico; one by the way of San
Juan and Lake Nicaragua, understood to be
within the State of Nicaragua; and one by the
way of Chagres, in New Granada. The citizens
and the Government of the United States applied
themselves to obtain the opening of all these pas-
sages. On the 14th of March, 1849, the State of
Nicaragua entered into a contract with citizens
of the United States, granting them an exclusive
right to construct a canal or railway, from ocean
to ocean, through the River San Juan and the
Lake Nicaragua. On the 21st of June, 1849,
Nicaragua tendered to the United States a treaty,
offering them peculiar a"nd distinguishing ad-
vantages connected with that undertaking, on
condition that they should' guaranty the sover-
eignty of that State. On the 10th of September,
1849, the contract between Nicaragua and Amer-
ican citizens was revised and renewed] and
! ate ;n the department or intendancy of Yucatan;
I and also a possession or occupancy on the Mos-
quito coast, forming a part of the shore of the
Caribbean sea. The extent and the titles of both
these possessions were vehemently disputed by
the Central American States. On the 10th of
September, 1847, the British agent announced to
the States of Nicaragua and Honduras the de-
termination of his Government to sustain the
British protectorate on the Mosquito coast, from
Cape Honduras to, and including the lower part
of the river San Juan. [Ex. Doc. 75, p. 44,
vol. X., 1st Sess. 31st Cong.] On the 8th of
February, 1848, only six days after the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo (which transferred California
; to the United States) was signed, two British
j ships entered San Juan, and expelled the State
of Nicaragua therefrom; and four_ days after-
wards the same force was used in taking the port
of Scrapaqui, on the lower branch or part of the
river San Juan. Nicaragua succumbed, but pro-
tested on the 17th of March, 1848. On the 16th
of October, 1849, a Eritish man of war captured
Tigre Island, off the Pacific coast, but belonging
to Nicaragua. At the same time, Great Britain
had sometimes disputed with Honduras for the
Island of Roatan, which was capable, by being
fortified at a small expense, of commanding every
possible passage between the two oceans, through
Central America. Costa Rica, disputing with
Nicaragua the boundary of the San Juan, was
understood to favor Great Britain; Honduras,
Gautemala, and Nicaragua invoked the aid of the
United States in resisting her aggressions.
It was under these circumstances that the treaty
of 1850, called sometimes the Clayton and Bulwer
treaty, or the Central American treaty, was nego-
tiated and concluded.
Practically, the negotiation began in an inter-
view held at London, on the 24th of September,
1849, between Lord Palmerston, Prime Minister
of Great Britain, and Mr. Rives, American Min-
ister to France, then on his way to the French
Court.
Mr. Rives stated that " the British Consul at
New York had publicly claimed for the Mosquito
Indians sovereignty and ownership over the
mouth and lower part of the river San Juan; that
the United States had now become a party to the
i question in their own right, by virtue of the con-
tract by which Nicaragua had granted to American
citizens the right to construct an interoceanic
canal, by the way of the river San Juan and the
Lake Nicaragua; that the United States, on ex-
amination, were satisfied, as well on legal as on
geographical grounds, that the State of Nicaragua
was the territorial sovereign of the river and the
lake, and that they had already concluded, or
were about concluding, a treaty with that State,
for securing a passage; that the United States,
however, sought no exclusive privilege, and sin-
cerely wished to see the passage dedicated to the
use of all nations, on the most liberal terms, and
on a footing of perfect equality for all; that, even
if they could, they would not obtain any exclusive
right or privilege—and so, on the other hand,
they would not consent to see so important a
communication fall under the exclusive control
of any other great commercial Power; that Mos-
quito possession, at the mouth of the San Juan,
could be considered in no other light than British
possession; and he proposed that Great Britain
and the United States should come to a frank
States, by which it was proposed that |he pas-
sage should be open, on equal terms', to all
States and nations who should enter into the ne-
cessary stipulations for its safety and preserva-
tion. The United States hesitated, and refrained
from accepting either treaty. The subject was
embarrassed by the presence and intervention of
Great Britain in Central America. While Spain
retained her dominion on these continents and
the adjacent islands, she jealously excluded for-
eign Powers from commerce with her colonies.
A contraband trade consequently grewup between
them and the British colonies in this hemisphere.
The British Government connived at that illicit
commerce. Wars ensued. At the close of these
wars, in 1783, Great Britain had a settlement,
known aa the Belize, or British Honduras, situ-
     .c.itwcu. emu ti understanding with each other,and unite to carry
new treaty was offered by that State to the United J the undertaking into effect, as one of the highest
' 11 ' . .. i. importance to themselves and the rest of the
world."
The British Minister replied, that " from an
early period the Mosquito Indians had been treated
by the British Government as a separate and in-
dependent State ; had what was called a king, who,
by the way, was as much a king as you or I; that
Nicaragua, having neverbefore been in possession
of San Juan, had taken possession of that town,
"that a suspicion seemed to be entertained by
some persons in the United States, that the Bnt-
ish Government wished to plant a new colony
on the San Juan; that there was not the slightest
foundation for that suspicion, as Great Britain
had already more colonies than she could man-
age; that as to any idea of her holding exclusive
possession of the mouth of the San Juan, as the
key of the contemplated interoceanic passage,
nothing could be further from her mind; and that
if any^plan could be suggested, by which Great
Britain and the United States could unite 111 pro-
by their joint influence and mutual
cooperation, the opening of a great channel by
moting,
cooperauuu, -- o- .
the way of Lake Nicaragua, and declaring it a
common highway for the use and benefit of all
nations, it would receive the most favorable con-
sideration of her Majesty's Government." [Doc.
27, p. 18.
The treaty was fully ratified on the 4th of July,
1850, but took effect from its date, April 19, 1850.
It recites the purpose of the parties, namely, to
consolidate amicable relations, by setting forth
and fixing their mutual views and intentions con-
cerning any interoceanic canal that may be con-
structed by the way of the river San Juan and
either one or both of the Lakes of Nicaragua or
Managua. The stipulations which come most
directly under review on the present occasion
are—
"Art. I. Neither party wilt ever obtain or maintain for
itself any exclusive control over tiie contemplated canal.
" Neither will ever erect or maintain any fortification
commanding the same or the vicinity thereof.
" Neither will occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume,
or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the
Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America.
" Neither will use any protection which either affords or
may afford, or any alliance which either has or may have,
to or with any State or people for the purpose of erecting
or maintaining any sucli fortifications, or of occupying or
colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or
any part of Central America, or of assuming or exercising
any dominion over the same.
" Neither will take advantage of any intimacy, or use any
alliance, connection, or influence that either may possess
with any State or people through whose territory the canal
may pass, for the purpose of acquiring or holding, directly
or indirectly, for its own citizens or subjects, any unequal
rights or advantages of commerce or navigation.
" Akt. IV. The parties will use their influence with any
State, or States, or Governments, possessing or claiming
jurisdiction or right over the territory through which the
canal shall pass, to induce them to favor its construction,
and to use their good offices, whenever or however it may
be most expedient, to procure the establishment of two free
ports, one at each end of the canal.
"Art. VI. The parties engage to invite every State in
friendly intercourse with both, or either, of them, to enter
into stipulations similar to those contained in this treaty,
so that all other States may share in the honor and advan-
tages of having contributed to the construction ot the con-
templated canal. And each of the contractingparties shall
enter into treaty stipulations with such of the Central Amer
ican States as they may deem advisable, for the purpose of
carrying out the object of the treaty—namely, the construc-
tion and maintenance of the canal as a ship canal between
the two oceans, for the benefit of mankind.
"Art. VII. The parties determine to give their support
and encouragement to the persons or company who shall
flrst offer to build the canal with the necessary capital and
the consent of the local authorities, and to any such com-
pany, already existing, as may have a contract which is
justly unobjectionable to the parties.
"Art. VIII. The parties declare that, besides the partic-
ular purpose of the treaty before stated, they have the fur-
ther and broader object to establish a general principle; and
; so they agree to extend their protection, by treaty stipula-
; tions, to any other practicable communications, whether
by canal or railway, across the Isthmus, and especially to
those contemplated to be made by the ways of Tehuante-
i pec and Panama."
It was a great treaty, sublime in its conception,
generous in its spirit, and beneficent in its pur-
i i poses. The two rival members of the British
jl family, after long and angry alienation, met, not
j' within the territory of either, but on that foreign
; and narrow isthmus which, while it unites North
: and South America, divides the vigorous A tlantie
,, States of Europe and American from the imma-
11 ture American States and the decayed Asiatic
nations which on opposite coasts overlook the
broad Pacific, the last remaining one of the bar-
riers which nature had erected to hinder th.e res-
i and that the British had driven her away from it; : toration of the unity of the human race. How
! that the Nicaraguans had, as Lord Palmerston , were they changed since they had last met in
alleged, in bad faith, granted to American citizens I conflict! The elder had grown richer, stronger,
a right to open the proposed passage through a li and more imperial than ever before. The younger
territory^of which she was not in possession, and had reached a higher and more palmy state than
that the British Government had, therefore, given
notice to those grantees of its intention to regard
the contract as a void one." But, he added,
any one of years so few had ever before attained.
They are no longer unequal, but each was domi-
nant, although in a separate sphere. The one,
