1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cordage, spun yarn, and hemp, burned in their
rope-walk, by the enemy, in August, 1814, upon
their exhibiting such proof of the quantity and
value of said articles as shall be satisfactory to
said officers, provided that the amount shall not
exceed the sum of $19,803 60.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Now, Mr. Chairman,
it seems that heretofore these parties have had
some §26,000 paid them under two acts for al-
leged losses by the burning of their property^ in
1814, and they now ask a further appropriation
of $4,000 to pay them for losses for what they
say no ample compensation has been made. I
propose, now, to send up the second act, by
which it will appear that the fullest latitude has
been given to these parties and their represent-
atives to come in and make their proof before the
Treasury Department, and receive the compen-
sation they were entitled to on making that proof.
11 is very evident, as I before remarked, that there
must be some stopping-point. _ The matter ought
to be closed down at some point or other. If the
parties think proper to receive under acts which
have been passed by Congress for their benefit,
they ought to be forever stopped and precluded
from coming in a second or third time and seek-
ing further compensation for the same property
and the same character of loss.
The bill approved February 3, 1853, was read
by the Clerk. It authorizes and requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause the claim of
Mary B. Renner, widow of Daniel Rcnner, de-
ceased, who was the surviving partner of the
firm of Renner and Heath—which claim arose
from the alleged burning of a rope-walk, and of
seine t\$5ne therein, by the enemy in August,
1814, belonging to said firm—to be audited and
settled on principles of equity and justice, look-
ing at the evidence theretofore produced before
Congress or the Treasury Department, and to
such evidence as might be produced, provided
that the allowance so made shall in no case exceed
the sum of $6,744.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Now, sir, it will be seen
by the reading of this act that the largest latitude
was given, not onlyto look at the testimony here-
tofore produced, but to give the parties the priv-
ilege of producing additional evidence before the
Treasury Department, for the purpose of having
their claim settled. It is true there is a provision
here which says that the amount shall not exceed
$6,744. We have to ask ourselves why was it
that this limit of $6,744 was placed in this bill ? I
take it—and 1 desire the gentleman from Alabama
to answer that point—that that was the amount
alleged to be due, as shown from the evidence at
the time the bill passed. If I am correct in this
supposition, I should like the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] when he rises to respond to
me, to tell me why it is that this third claim
comes in; and whether it arises from having dis-
covered other testimony in addition to the testi-
mony heretofore adduced before the committees
of Congress in 1819 and 1853? I cannot, for the
life of me, ascertain on what principle these bills
were passed. I cannot learn it from the report
itself; and looking at the two acts passed on the
subject, giving to the parties the widest latitude,
not only that the Secretary of the Treasury should
look at the testimony already given, but should
give the parties liberty to produce additional tes-
timony for the purpose of establishing that claim
before that Department, I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will be able to satisfy me that there
is some justice in asking for this third act to be
passed for the benefit of these parties.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I hope that, ifl should
omit alluding to this particular interrogatory of
the gentleman from Arkansas, he will call my at-
tention to it, because it is very easily explained.
When so fair and comprehensive a report has
been submitted by an intelligent committee, after
a thorough and practical examination of the testi-
mony connected with the case, it would look like
presumption in me to attempt to make a case
plainer than the committee has made it. But I
find that gentlemen are ready to stickle on pai-
ticular things, while they leave untold things
which ought to be told.
In regard to this claim it affords me pleasure,
at all times when I can stand before the American
Congress and advocate justice and right—when
I can stand before the American Congress, and
let my voice be heard, and my sentiments be
expressed to the whole country. I am here to" do
justice—not to stickle on particular phraseology,
or prevent honest claims from being allowed.
The history of this case has been set forth by
the committee. They state, in their report, that
in 1819 the Congress of the United States passed
an act authorizing the payment of nineteen thou-
sand and odd dollars. And what did that Congress
do ? They restricted the amount to nineteen thou-
sand and odd dollars. They said that they should
notbepaidmorethanthatamount. Andwhy? The
principle had not then been established, that this
Government was bound to pay for property
destroyed by the enemy, when that destruction
has taken place through the fault of the Govern-
ment. They then undertook to make some cal-
culation as to the value of the hemp, but they had
one single particle of evidence upon which to
predicate their action. They came to the con-
clusion that, probably, an overcharge had been
made. They had no doubt of the propriety and
justice of the full value of the hemp being paid
by the Government; but without evidence as to
its value, they undertook to limit it to nineteen
thousand dollars. Well, sir, the Department,
when they adjudicated the claim, decided that
more was due these parties, but they could not
go beyond the limit fixed by the act of Congress.
In 1852 a bill came down from the Senate,
making an appropriation for payment of the losses
incurred by the destruction of the rope-walk. It
was reported m the House by Judge Daniels, of
North Carolina; and every gentleman who knows
anything of the character of that gentleman knows
the strict construction which he always applied to
claims against the Government. But upon this
occasion he expressed his belief that this full
amount should be allowed. I advised him to
offer the amendment; but he said that, if an
amendment was made, it would send the bill back
to the Senate again, and, in consideration of the
lateness of the period of the session, the bill
would probably be lost. He thought, therefore,
it would be better to allow the bill to pass in the
shape in which it came from the Senate, and trust
to the justice of future Congresses for the balance.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COBB. I would rather nof until I have
finished what I have to say.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to obtain some
information from the gentleman.
Mr. COBB. That is precisely what I am en-
deavoring to furnish. [Laughter.] I hope the
gentleman will allow me to get through with what
I have to say, and in the mean time bear in mind
the question he has to ask me. I say that when
this bill was first reported, there was not a par-
ticle of evidence before the committee as to the
value of the hemp; but when it came up the
second time, proof was adduced from respectable
citizens of Washington and Georgetown , as to its
value. Some of these witnesses are still living,
and could substantiate the testimony, if any one
doubts the genuineness of the evidence.
But, sir, the facts are fully set forth in the report
of the committee. It is proved that the parties
made every reasonable effort to remove the hemp—
that they employed wagons and carts for that
purpose, but they were taken to transport Gen-
eral Winder's army across the Potomac. They
again procured wagons and carts for that pur-
pose, but these were also taken from them by the
Government, for the purpose of removing the
archives of the Government across the Potomac;
so that the Government are really indebted to
these men for the means ot saving the puohc
archives. The evidence is conclusive, that their
hemp and twine were destioyed by the action of
the Government in preventing them from remov-
ing them. Mr. Gales, who was here at the time,
testifies that the British did not destroy property
known to he private, except in some cases,'-where
they burned houses from which shots were fired;
showing that this was regarded as public prop-
61 T^he bill which passed Congress in 1852 passed
this House without a solitary objection, on ob-
jection day, when there were as many to watch
the proceedings of the House carefully as are now
here to watch them. The Department have here-
tofore gone to the utmost limit of their power m
adjudicating this case, but they have been re-
stricted to the payment of a certain amount
This bill proposes also to leave it to the officers
of the Treasury, to adjudicate it. If the bill
passes, it must undergo the ordeal of an exam-
ination by Mr. Whittlesey, the Comptroller, of
the Treasury, and if it is found that - all has beeii
paid that justice to the parties requires, nothing
more will be paid. This bill also limits the
amount to be paid, if anythjng-is found'due, and
it further provides that this shall be considered
as a final adjudication of the-matter. There are
no new items now submitted—nothing which was
not originally laid before Congress. The only
provision which the bill makes is for correcting
an adjudication made by Congress when they
had no evidence before them upon which to base
their decision, as to the amount which ought
properly and legitimately to be allowed. Was
there any other point of inquiry made by the
gentleman from Arkansas ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to call thflf atten-
tion of the gentleman to the fact, that Congress
have already adjudicated upon this subject, and
to ask him why they rejected ten or twelve thou-
sand dollars of the claim ?
Mr. COBB. I have already answered that
question, and the report of the Senate committee
upon the subject explains the matter fully.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understood the gen-
tleman to refer to witnesses living in Washington
and Georgetown. Is it proposed that they shall
be called to give evidence upon the subject ?
Mr. COBB. They have already testified upon
the subject. What I said was, that one of them
was still living in Georgetown, and could be
called to substantiate the evidence given, if any-
body doubted it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Was the testimony
taken when the second bill passed, or has it been
taken sincc, before the officers of the Treasury
Department?
Mr. COBB. It was the act of 1853 that author-
ized payment for the rope-walk, and other build-
ings which were destroyed. Twenty per cent,
was deducted, arbitrarily, from the amount that-
was allowed for the hemp. The committee had
no evidence of the value of the hemp. Twenty
i per cent, was deducted for the removal, and pro-
' bable overcharge-
Mr. GREENWOOD. Did the committee
assume the value of the property without testi-
mony to the fact ?
Mr. COBB. That was in 1819, when there was
no evidence at all. I hope that I am understood
I will recapitulate. In 1819 the price of hemp
was assumed to be so much. There was no
evidence as to the value of that article. The
price assumed was twenty per cent, too low. The
deduction was arbitrary. ,
Now, Mr. Chairman, are this House unwilling
that this matter shall go to the Secretary of the
Treasury for adjudication? Are they unwilling ■
to pay these claimants what may be found due
them ? Is there an individual here who is willing
to withhold from the widow and orphan what is
due them, and out of which they have been kept
so long ? For this money which they ask they
have suffered bankruptcy. All their property
was swept away to pay for this very hemp which
was purchased to make rope for the Government.
The fact is on record, that all the claimants
property was seized and sold under a writ of
execution. . - - „
The question is this: Will the committee allow
the Department to adjudicate the claim ? Are
o-entlemen willing to let that Department say
whether anything is due to these parties ? Is
there any man here with so small a soul as to
refuse this modicum of justice? I think not.
My friend from Tennessee knows that the bill
passed in 1852-'53 without a single objection.
Now, it is said to be a garbled case; that it is
another Galphrn claim. I was here when that
Galphin claim was passed. I voted against it. It
taught me a lesson never to vote;for any bill that
does not fix a certain sum. bill says that
the amount shall not exceed $4,000.
I will say a word in reference to the transpor-
tation of the property. It is in evidence from
Georgetown merchants that two dollars per ton
was ample compensation for carrying the prop-
erty out of the way of the enemy. The mer-
chants who prove this are the most reputable ot
their class. But we have deducted four dollars
the toil We have said that the claimants shall
