1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
818
that the contestant received more votes than the
sitting member. He goes on to say—
" For those deposition*! were taken without that notice
to nn which is requucd by the ninth section of the act. It
is true that the contestant attempted to give me notice,
but it reached me within the ten days required by law, ana
too late for me to attend in person or by agent. And while
1 do not conceive that the depositions contain in themselves
anything that could wan ant the committee in setting aside
the official returns and annulling my commission un<brthe
great seal of the State, I respectfully but earnestly urge the
committee, if theu should regard it differently, not to do so
■upon testimony taken ivithout iiirlinotice aswould berequired
in a matter where a few dollars, or even cents, was in con-
troversy.^
Now, the committee understand that if the tes-
timony already taken in the case be true, and
presents the facts, and all the facts, the result is
reached, and cannot be avoided, that the contest-
ant had more votes than the sitting member had.
But as the gentleman from Illinois had not had
the opportunity to be present, and inasmuch as
he might have succeeded in showing a different
state of things if he had been present, the com-
mittee thought it nothing more than just and rig'ht
to give him an opportunity to cross-examine the
witnesses, to enable him to show to the House
whether it was true or not, as stated, whether in
point of fact there was a miscount, and whether
the gentleman actually had one vote more than
he is credited with, and whether the contestant
had two more.
The committee understood 'that the gentleman
objected to the testimony for the want of sufficient
notice; and also to the sufficiency of the evidence,
even if true, to disturb him. They further un-
derstood, that if the committee should differ from
him in the latter particular, then he desired them
not to report against him on testimony taken
without sufficient notice to enable him, m fact, to
be present, but to permit the taking of testimony
when he could be present. And I submit to you,
sir, and I submit to every geutleman here, whether
that deduction was not the only deduction which
could possibly have been made from the language
of the gentleman himself ? This report was made
in the House eight days ago. T he gentleman
heard it read: and now, after the lapse of eight
days, he wakes up, comes forward, and de-
nounces in unmeasured terms the committee, for
drawing the only inference which could possibly
be drawn from the very language which the gen-
tleman used, and from the lights before them.
The committee has made no decision on this case;
they are reserving their decision. They desire
that the testimony, and all the testimony, which
the gentleman from Illinois, or his competitor,
shall produce, shall be before the committee; that
it may be produced before the House, and that
the rights of the parties may be preserved here. I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to make a word of reply.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
REPORTS FROSI COMMITTEES.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask leave of the House
—as I shall necessarily be absent from the House
for some days—to introduce a few bills, of which
previous notice has been given, that they may be
referred to the appropriate committees.
There being no objection, the following bills
were severally read a first and second time by
their respective titles, referred as indicated below,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill providing for the gradual transfer to the
States, within which they are situated, of the un-
sold public lands. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A bill to prohibit the entry of public lands by
the officers of the United States having charge of
the sales and surveys thereof. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of William Hilton, an in-
valid pensioner, under the act of 24th April, 1816.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for reference
only.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to the introduction
of any business except by the regular order. Let
the committees be called regularly. I am anxious
to have a report presented.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for reports.
Mr. CLAWSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, submitted an adverse report
in the case of the petition of W. D. C. Heard;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAWSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House, the papers in the case of James L.
Lawrence, grandson of Benjamin Lawrence, ask-
ing relief.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief ol
John Crawford;which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. SANDIDGE, This is a bill that was in-
troduced by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Lake.] It is a small matter, to which there can
be no objection, and I am instructed by the com-
mittee to ask that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill was read. It authorizes John Craw-
ford to locate certificate No. 3,150 for $899 90
forfeited land stock of the State of Mississippi, on
any public lands of the United States subject to
private entry, at not exceeding $1 25 per acre.
The report was read. The petitioner represents
that so much of the public lands in the State of
Mississippi has been disposed of that he cannot
locate his certificate in that State, as the law re-
quires, without great loss; and prays that a special
law be passed authorizing him to locate on any
public lands belonging to the United States subject
to private entry. The committee deem the request
a reasonable one, and report accordingly.
Mr. McMULLIN. I dislike to have bills passed
in a hurry. And 1 dislike the innovation that is
proposed to be made here. I therefore prefer
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I have no objection ; and I 1
make the motion that the bill and report be re- !
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and :
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back bill of the
House (No. 147) to revive and continue in force for ,
a limited period, " An act in relation to donations j
of land to certain persons in the State of Arkan-1
sas," approved August 30, 1850; which was re-;
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and j
ordered to be printed. j
Mr. PORTER, from the same committee, re- j
ported bills of the following titles; winch were j
severally read <x first and second time, referred to !
I a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to !
be printed: '
A bill authorizing the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzalez Maro to enter certain lands in
Missouri;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Richards, of Berks
county, Pennsylvania;
A bill to authorize the legal representatives of
Pascal Ccrre to enter certain lands in the State of
Missouri; and ,
A bill providing for the location of certain j
confirmed private claims to land in the State of'
Missouri, and for other purposes.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to give notice
to the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
that on Monday next I shall ask the House to
take up the report in the contested-election case
in the State of Illinois, to which my colleague
[Mr. Allkx] has this morning referred. I think
the committee have assumed most extraordinary
jurisdiction in that case; unparalleled in the his-
tory of the country.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois desires to debate the question, the Chair will
put the question to the House, whether unani-
mous consent be given for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not desire to de-
bate it at this time. I wished to give the notice
which I have given; and, if the Chair decides that
I am in order m that, I will present the following
resolution for adoption by the House:
Resolved, Thar the Committee or' Election? i* hereby or-
dered to lepoit whether that committee has oidered wit-
nesses to appear before that committee, and if so, by what
authority.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ceived, unless objection be made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not ask the unan-
imous consent of the House. I present it as a
question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is no
question of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I drafted that resolution, having
learned by rumor that the Committee of Elec-
tions had summoned witnesses to appear before
them. I understand, however, that they have
merely ordered testimony to be taken in the dis-
trict in which the contest arises.
The resolution, therefore, should be modified,
so as to require them to reportwhether they have
ordered testimony in the case to be taken any-
where.
The SPEAKER. It does not appear to the
Chair that the resolution is a question of privilege.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It has reference to the
right of a member of this House to his seat, which
I understand to be a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The right of a member t6
his seat is undoubtedly a question of privilege;
but the Chair does not understand the resolution
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois to in-
volve that right to such an extent as to make it a
question of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I correctly understand the
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, it indirectly states that a committee of the
House has assumed jurisdiction and powers not
belonging to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Usurped them.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says usurped
them. Well, sir, if that be true, it occurs to me
that it ought to be a question of privilege. It
ought to be such because the question of usurpa-
tion may be a matter that the House should at
once look into; and if the charge is sustained, the
committee should bo arrested in their action. It
strikes me that if it bo true that the committee
have assumed an authority in conflict with the
sense of the House, and which has not been del-
egated to them by the House, it ought to be a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, appears to the Chair
not to be connected with the right of a member to
his seat in such direct manner as to make it a
question of privilege superseding all other busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to state what
I understand the Committee of Elections have
done. They have clothed the contestant in this
case with the authority of this House to take ad-
ditional testimony. No committee of this House
has any such authority, and 1 want to arrest the
proceedings right here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the question raised by the gentleman to be a
question of privilege, and debate is not m order
except by unanimous consent.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The hour having arrived to which the House
yesterday postponed the consideration of the bills
reported that day from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the bill of the
House making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken
up for consideration.
Mr. PHELPSdemandedthe previous question.
The SPEAKER stated the first motion to be
upon concurring with the Senate in the following
amendment:
For paying of pensions of invalids who were wounded
on board'of pnvate armed vessels diumg the last war with
Gieat Britain, in adduion to the unexpended balance of
foimer appiopriations for the same object, $L3C,",7.
Mr. HAVEN. I am not going to object to the
previous question being ordered, 1 only wish to
say that I hope the House will concur with the
Senato in that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debate-
able.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. LETCHER. I think it would be better
to state the question on the amendment the other
way. The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union have recommended a non-concur-
rence, and I think the question should be stated
upon concurring with the committee in their rec-
ommendation.
The SPEAKER. The question to be put to
