1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
Mr. MARSHALL. It was unnecessary for
the gentleman to afford me that assurance. But,
Mr. Clerk, I was saying, when interrupted, that
when the country sees the quarter whence this
proposition comes and to whom it is made, there
can he no room for mistake as to the " billing and
cooing" of which he speaks, or where the combi-
nation may be expected, should any occur.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
has departed from the only precedent in our con-
gressional proceedings, in his proposition to select
a temporary Chairman. The party with which
he has voted has cast the largest number of votes
for a candidate. As he has choscn to leave his
own party, and to look for his selection in another
section of the House, " his antipode in politics,''
it does not become my party to cavil at the dis-
tinction he proposes, or to object to the quarter
in which he seeks the temporary Chairman. It
is not, I say, for us to be raising objections on
this score, if he and the party \yth which he acts
arc all satisfied.
It affords me pleasure to tender, voluntarily, my
tribute of acknowledgment of the intelligence and
entire competency of the honorable member from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to the duties of the
Chair. I do not doubt he would discharge the
functions of Chairman pro tempore with perfect
impartiality, and, I hope, to the satisfaction of
all concerned; and if the Republicans are dis-
posed to waive the precedent established in calling
Mr, Adams to the Chair pro tempore, and to do
tins compliment gracefully, we shall not—at least
I shall not, as one—object to it.
Mr. COLFAX, (interrupting.) I desire to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky whether he is the
author of a letter which lately appeared in the
Louisville Journal, over his name, in which he
stated that he would not vote for a Democratic
candidate for Speaker imJess it should be neces-
sary to do so for the purpose of defeating a Re-
publican candidate?
Mi. MARSHALL. The letter to "which the
gentleman refers was written by me, though the
part to which he refers was " fiot intended for the
public eye." [Laughter.] I stated that, should
a combination be formed here to force me, by a
plurality vote, to choose between the Democratic
candidate and an Abolitionist, Imight) as the last,
sad alternative, consider it ray duty to choose
between them, and to take the Democrat in pref-
erence to the Abolitionist. 1 want, now, to repeat,
that such a choice would be in the last alternative
with me, and only when my constitutional privi-
lege of choosing m other quarters was lost by the
action of this House. So long as that is left to
me, I shall not think of making such a choice.
Now, in reference to the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] to alter-
nate the duties of temporary Chairman between
the representatives of the several parties on this
floor, 1 must say that I perceive no necessity in
the case for such a partition of the honor pro-
posed for the member from South Carolina. He
will not be the Speaker. He will not have the
appointment of committee^. He will have no
power, except to preside until wo elect, a Speak-
er—no further: and if we invite him at all, let it
be done for the convenience of the House, and
not in an ungracious manner, or in a manner in-
dicating the least misgiving as to the way m which
he will discharge the duties of the Chair. So far
as I am concerned, having perfect confidence that
this temporary appointment will not affcct the
votes of the national Americans, with whom I
have thus far acted, in the contest for the Speaker-
ship, and no lack of confidence in the impartiality
and integrity of my friend from South Carolina,
I shall interpose no objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
devolving on the member from South Carolina !
the duties of Chairman pro tempore, if it be the j
pleasure of the House to confer the honor. |
Mr. KNOWLTON. I wish to inquire of the j
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] if he will  
accept of such a modification of his resolution '
as to place the names of Mr. Giudtn'gs, of Ohio,
and Mr, Marshall, of Kentucky, in the resolu-
tion, instead of providing that the candidates of
the three parties should preside?
Mr. ALEXANDERS MARSHALL. There
arc two Marshalls from Kentucky, and I do not
want my name placed in such a connection.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I will state, if the gentleman
anticipates any trouble by these parties being
together, I am perfectly willing to modify the
resolution so as to provide that Messrs. Banks,
Richardson, and Fuller, should act as Chair-
man alternately until a Speaker shall be elected.
Mr. _ CLINGMAN. I would inquire of the
Clerk if the previous question is not pending?
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If so, then debate is out
of order, and I insist upon the previous question.
The CLERK. By unanimous consent this
debate has been allowed.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House take
a recess. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that this
House now take a recess until eleven o'clock and
thirty minutes to-morrow. [Cries of "Good!"
"Well done!"] I will so modify this motion as
to provide that the House shall take a recess until
eleven o'clock and fifty-nine minutes. [Cries of
" GLuestion!" "Question!"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire if it
does not require unanimous consent to take a
recess? [Cries of "No!" "Question!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose, sir, this prop-
osition is equivalent to rescinding the order which
the House made this morning. I call the yeas
and nays upon it. This House can rescind that
resolution by this motion or otherwise; but if it
is the intention of a majority of this House, as it
is my wish, to sit here until we elect a Speaker,
I trust this motion will be voted down. It is
equivalent to an adjournment. A majority has
said that we shall not adjourn until we shall have
elected a Speaker.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is the previous question
pending >
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I snbmitwhether this
motion to take a recess is in order? It is no more
a privileged question than any other, and can
only be made when there is no other question
pending. It is, therefore, I submit, out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What is the
precise question before the House?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennes-
see moves that the House fake a recess until
eleven o'clock and fifty-nine minutes to-morrow.
The gentleman from Georgia calls for the yeas
and nays, and the gentleman from Ohio raises a
point of order, stating that the motion is not a
privileged question, and therefore out of order.
The Clerk thinks it is a privileged motion accord-
ing to the Manual.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to sec the prac-
tical working of the resolution we adopted this
morning, before we ndopt such a motion as this.
The CLERK. Docs the gentleman ^p)m Ohio
insist upon his point of order?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do. I appeal.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
The yeas and nays, upon the motion of Mr.
Jones, were ordered.
The question was then put, and there were—
yeas 86, nays ]09; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Boycc, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Oa^kie, Cox,
Cullun, Davidson, Ilenry Winter Davis, Denver, Dodd,
TiowdelL Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheudge,
Evans, Florence, Foster, Ileriry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Goode, j
Augustus Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Saropsoft W. ;
Harris, Thomas, L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Val- J
entine B. Iloiton, Houston, George W. Jones, Kidwell, j
Lake, Letcher, Lmdlcy,Lumpkin, AlexanderK. Marshall, j
Samuel S. Mai-hall, Mattoon, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc- j
Queen, Smith Miller", Million, Millwnid, Mooie, JViChoN, I
Andrew Oliver, Orr, Porter. Powell, Prinze, Ready, Kieh- I
ardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Saco, Wandidge, Bav- i
age, Shorter, Simmons., Wilh.wi Smith, William R. Smith, 1
Sneed, Stranahan, Swone, Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, j
Valk, Walker, Watkins, Watson, Whitney, Winslow, John i
V. Wright, and ZollieofFei—88. I
NAYS—Me-^rs. Albright, Allison. Bajhonr, Barksdale, 1
Henry S. Bennett, Ben&on, Bilhiighur&t, Bingham, Blii&s,
Bocock, Bradshaw, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, Bufiington, ,
Burhnsamc, Cadwnlader, JamiN II. Campbell, Lewi'- I>.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clmgman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Coii'ax. Coming, Cragm,
Ciaige, Crawford, Curnhack, Dam tell, Timothy Jlavi^, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dunn, DuH'ee, TCdie, Edward**,
Emne, Faulkner, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Giddings, Granger,Greenwood, Grow,Robert B. Hall, Hoi- «
loway, Thomas R. Hoiton, Howaid, Hughs-ton. J. Glancy ,
Jones, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Knox. Lei- j
ter, Humphrey Marshall, McCaity, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, ■
Motrin, Mott, Murray, Norton, Moidee-n Oh\er, Paine, ;
Parker, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purviance, Pur-
ycar, Quitman, Keade, Robison, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sew-
ard, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Tappan,
Taylor, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, wakcm&n,
Walbridge, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodworth—-109.
So the motion was disagreed to. "
Pending the call of the roll
Mr. SAGE said: I had the honor, this morning,
of presenting a resolution to terminate debate
each day at four o'clock. I deemed it right then,
and from what has since transpired, I am of the
same opinion still; and I therefore vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. JONES. I will make one more motion,
and that is that we take a recess until nine o 'clock
to-morrow morning. I am willing to sit here
during daylight. I can get up at daylight, and
come here at six or seven o'clock, and sit here
as long as we have daylight. [A Voice—1" Say
ten o'clock."] Well, I will say ten o'clock,
or any other hour, to suit gentlemen. I am willing
to sit here all day; but from my experience
heretofore, I do not think it right to sit here
all night, under these circumstances. [Voices.
Say eleven o'clock.] Gentlemen around mc ask
that I should make the motion to take a rcccss
until eleven o'clock. I will put it at ten o'clock,
and if the House refuses, I will make no more
motions upon the subject; but I cannot sit here
to-night.
Mr. KELLY. We have been sitting here
all day without a vote for Speaker. I think it
essential that we should have one vote to-day,
and I trust the gentleman from Tennessee will
withdraw his motion for the purpose of giving an
opportunity of taking at least one vote.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that; but
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] is in the way. If it is the wish of
the House to take a vote, by common consent
the resolution might go over, and a vote be had.
For that purpose I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WALKER. I renew the motion to take
a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CUMBACK. I call for tellers.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I rise to
a question of privilege. I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the House adopted the
resolution, providing that no motion to adjourn
should be in order until a Speaker should be
elected, and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES. I suggest to the gentleman from
Kentucky that if he would bring up that matter,
he should move to rescind that resolution, and not
to reconsider it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. During the pendency of the
motion to take a recess, the motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky is out of order,
inasmuch as another privileged motion is pend-
ing.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Colfax,
and Davis of Maryland, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 59.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.)
the House took a recess until ten o'clock, a. m.,
to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 27, 1855.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Ey a resolution submitted by Mr. Weller
some time ago, the select committee appointed +
during the last Congress to take into considcra- *
tion the subject of a railroad to the Pacific ocean
was continued,and the President pro tempore was
authorized to fill vacancies occasioned by the
letircment of membeis. That duty has been
piTformed, and the committte now consists of
Mr. Rusk, chairman, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bell of
Tennessee, Mr. Seward, Mr. geyer,mr. Evans,
Mr. Reio, Mr. Foot, and Mr. Weller.
PETITIONS, ETC-
Mr. SEWARD presented a communication
