814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
the House is, will they concur with the Senate in
its amendment. It must be taken, however, in
connection with the recomm?ndation of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish merely to state the
question as it is presented before the House. The
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union have recommended that the amendment
shall be non-concurred in. The question, how- :
ever, must be put to the House in the form of
concurring with the Senate in the amendment. I
have no wish to go into any argument upon the
subject. I hope the amendment will be rejected.
The question was put; and upon a division
there were—ayes 65, noes 32.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. W ALDRON stated that Mr. Walbridge
had paired off, until the 16th of April, with Mr.
Mc&ueen.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, had paired off with Mr. Robinson.
Mr. STEWART stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bowie, had paired off with Mr. Galloway.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 34; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Bingham, Bi>hop, Bliss, Buffmton, Burnett, Cadwalader,
James H. Campbell, Ohafi'ee. Bayaid Clatk, Ezra Clark,
Claw-on, Chngman, Colfax, 6ox, Cragm, Cumback, Dam-
reli, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee,Elliott,
Einrte, Engh-h. Ethendge, Eusti«, Evans, Faulkner, Flag-
ler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Grander, Augustus. Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Mom>on Harris, Thomas L.
Hams, Haven, Herbeit, Hoffman, HoJiowaj-, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. fi.mon, Hugh-ton, Jewett, Kelsey, !
Kennett, King, Ifnapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, .
Lmdley, Samuel S. Marshall, Kilhan Miller, Mooie, Mor- I
fan, Muuay, Norton, Patker, Peek, Petton, Pennington, j
ciry, Pcttu,Pike, Porter, Pi ingle, Puryear, Ready, Ricaud, ;
Ritchie, Robbms, Sabin, Sand'idge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, I
Seward, Shortei, Ssmraoib, Samuel A. tomith, Sneed, Stew- J
ait, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappau, Tnppe,Underwood, Vail, :
Vaiic, Wade, Waldion, Walker, Cadwalader C. Wash- ;
buine, Ellihu 1>. Wa>hbume, Isiael Washburn, Watson, '
Wclch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, YVoodrult, Woodworth, ;
John V. Wnght, and Zolhcolfei—113. |
NAYS—Mcssis. Allen, Bell, liendlcy S. Bennett, Lewis j
D. Campbell, Caiuthers, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, .
Ciawioid, Day, Giddings, Goode, Houston, Geoige \V. i
Jone.s J. Glaney Jones Kidwell, Knight, Letcher, Lump- '
kin, Mace, Humphrey Mai shall, Maxwell, McMulhn. Smith !
Miller, Million, Mott, Nichols Phelps, Powell, Quitman, j
Ruffiu, William R. Smith, Spuiner, Stanton, and War- :
ner—34. I
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred '
in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read
by the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further euactcd, That any moneys
appiopriated by the act of 31st of May, 1854, to supply de-
ficiencies for the fi-cal yeai ending the 30th of June of that
yeai, and by the second section of the act of 28th of Feb-
ruary, I making appnipnahons for the payment of pen-
sions applicable to the paymentof pensions ot invalids who j
weie uounded on bo.ud of pnvate armed vessels duiing ;
the last wai with Great Biirain. not icquired nuderthe pro- i
visions tlieieof, may be applied to the same purpose subse- ;
qucnt to the 30th of June, I it benig heieby provided, '
that pennons to invalids thus wounded shall be paid tiom !
moneys m tlict Treasuiy of the United States in the s-ame
manner, upon appiopriations made, or to be made, as other ;
pensions for naval and inditaiy service. j
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole i
recommend a non-concurrence m the amendment. }
Mr. HAVEN. This amendment is a neces- !
sary appendage of the one which we have just \
concurred in. I
The question was taken, and the amendment j
was concurred it. I
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the votes 1
by which the amendments were concurred in; •
and also moved that that motion be laid upon the
table. ;
The latter motion was agreed to. !
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. I
A message was received from the Senate, by '
Asbury Dickixs, its Secretary, notifying the
House thai that body had passed a joint resolu-
tion and bill of the tlouss of the following titles:
A joint resolution for enlarging the custom-
house, post office, and court-house, at Buffalo,
New Yoik; and
An act to constitute the cities of Hannibal, 1
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery. |
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. !
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate to House bill (No. 69) >
making appropriations for the support of the '
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857.
Mr. PHELPS called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The first amendment of the Senate was read by
the Clerk, as follows:
For gas-house and apparatus, $15,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
has recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was re-
ported as follows:
For additional stables for dragoons' and artillery horses,
§10,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The question is on concurring in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 8J, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Bell, Benson, Bmgbam, Bish-
op, Bliss, Buffinton, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Chngman, Colfax, Damreil, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Emne, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Granger, Hailan,
Haven, Herbert, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Jewett, Keitt, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwel), King,
Knapp, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lindley, Humphj ey Marshall,
McCaity, Kilhan Miller, Million, Moore, Morgan, Parker,
Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Porter, Pnngle, Quit-
man, Ready, Richaid-on, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabm, Scott,
Seward, Simmons, Sneed, Stranahan,Trippe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa^hbume,Elhhu
B Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Winslow,
Woodiulf, and Woodworth—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Hendley S. Bennett, Bradshaw, Burnett,
James LI. Campbell, Caruthers, Bayaid Clark, EzraClaik,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Crawfoul, Davidson,
Day, Dowdell, Eihott, English, Ethendge, Giddmgs,Thomas
L. Hams, Houston, George W. Jones, Knight, Knowlton,
Letehei, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMul-
hn, Smith Miller, Mott, Nichols, Andiew Oliver, Phelps,
Pike, Powell, Puiyear, Ruifin, Sapp, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William R Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Wade, Waldron, Watson, John V. Wnglit, and Zolh-
colfer—50.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The third amendment of the Senate was re-
ported, as follows:
Sec. '2. And be it further enacted, That the amounts dis-
bursed, or that may bs disbursed, out of moneys appropri-
ated for the suppoit of the Militaiy Academy by the acts
of May 10, 1S54, and March 3, in payment of addi-
tional compensation to the hbratian, assistant librarian, and
certain en!i>ted men at that post, be parsed to tlie credit of
the disbursing officer: Provided, That the additional pay to
said hbiauan. and assistant librarian, shall not exceed the
sum of $120 each per annum, and to the non-commissioned
officer m charge of mechanics and other labor at the post,
the soldier acting as clerk in the adjutant's office, and the
lour enh -ted men in the philosophical and chemical depart-
ments, and lithographic office, not exceeding the sum ot
$."0 each pei annum, and that a like measure of compensa-
tion be hereby authorized to be allowed hereafter for baid
services respectively.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was re-
ported, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Senate furnish annually the library of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point with a copy of all documents published
by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Ou motion by Mr. FULLER, of Maine, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted foi the withdiawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Ebe-
ne/.ei F. ILiscall and Ainos Howard, for the purpose of
having them laid before the Treasuiy Department-
Mr. CLAWSON. I ask leave to have with-
drawn from the files of the House the petition of
James N. Lawrence, grandson of Benjamin Law-
rence, a lieutenant in the revolutionary war, ask-
ing for redemption of continental money with
interest,
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. T move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SAPP. I ask for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Clingman were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mace in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1856.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say
that I have paired off with the gentleman fiom
Ceorgia [Mr. Cobb] until the 15th of this month.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose it had under consideration an amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Flagler,]
to the amendment of the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Evans,] to the Senate amendment number
nineteen.
The following is the nineteenth Senate amend-
ment:
To provide for engraving the maps and drawings accom-
panying the reports of explorations and surveys to determ-
ine a Pacific railroad route, $49,200, or so much thereof
as may be necessary; and the said maps and drawings shall
be engraved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War.
The amendment offered by Mr. Evans was to
strike out the words, " to the satisfaction," and
insert, in lieu thereof, the words, " under the di-
rection. "
The amendment offered by Mr. Flagler to
the amendment was to strike out the words, "and
the said maps and drawings shall be engraved to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of War."
Mr. FLAGLER. I wish to state, Mr. Chair-
man, in the briefest possible manner, the reasons
why the clause in question, as it comes from the
Senate, or as it will be if we adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Texas, is
yet highly objectionable, and should be stricken
out as my amendment proposes.
The gentleman from Texas yesterday took
occasion to say that he desired this engraving
should be executed under the direction of the
Secretary ofWar,forthe reason that,in his opin-
ion, the character and reputation of that officer
were such that we should have every guarantee
that it would be well, speedily, and cheaply done;
and he was pleased to add that, in his judgment,
the Superintendent of Public Printing could not
do this engraving. I said yesterday that I would
make no issue with the gentleman in regard to the
competency of the Secretary of War to order
the engraving. 1 doubt not that that officer is
abundantly qualified, as are many others of the
officers in the employ of the Government; but I
submit to the gentleman from Texas and to the
committee that that is not the question before us.
The question is this: Is the Superintendent of
the Public Printing, under the existing law and
usages, competent to superintend the preparation
of these engravings satisfactorily ? The gentle-
man declares that he is not; while I affirm that
he is abundantly competent, and therefore should
not be disturbed in the discharge of his legitimate
duties, as the clause I am considering either does,
or may be construed to do.
To show how needless is this proviso directing
that these engravings shall be done to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of War, I will make a
statement of the precise process in relation to
these engravings, under the existing law and
practice. Some thirty of these maps it appears
are now drawn, and in the Department of the
Secretary of War. It will be his business to
send them to the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. It will then be the duty of that officer to
issue proposals for their engraving. The pro-
posals will be opened and the award made by the
Committee on Printing in the Senate, and in this
House by the Committee on Engraving. The
j contracts are then drawn with bonds, duly ao-
, proved, requiring these contractors, not only to do
I their work to the satisfaction of the Supenntend-
j ent of Public Printing, but to the Committees
j of Congress; and also, that it shall be subject to the
I inspection and approval of the officers or heads of
! the bureaus of the Department from which the work
i comes. Hence, under the usage and the law, this
! very work, if you adopt my amendment, will
