78
APPENDIX TO THE CCHVGRESSONAL GLOBE.
[January 81,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Th& Central American Question—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
yet majestic structures which delight us in the
Arabian Nighls' Entertainments.
I take leave to say, that we treated not with a
Mosquito king ana Mosquito nation, but with
her own Most Gracious Majesty and the people
of Great Britain. They cannot now renounce the
characters they then assumed, and substitute in
their places unreal, or even real, parties, whom
they aid not then introduce.
But, in fact, there was not then, nor is there
now, either a Mosquito kingdom or Mosquito
king.
First. There was no such kingdom or king,
because, by the laws of nations, there could be
none. Grant, for the sake of the argument, that
there is a tribe of Mosquito Indians, and that
they have a chief, who is called by others, and
regarded by themselves, as "every inch a king"
■—grant, that with whatever form and ceremony
this cazique, and even his predecessors through
a long line ascending beyond the discovery of
America, were crowned in their own domain, or
in Jamaica, by their own people or by British
subjects; still, the facts are undisputed, that this
nation and their king were savages, who were
found existing within the known geographical
and territorial limits of Guatemala, a province of
Spain, on the earliest colonization of America,
and that they remained there until the revolution
within that province by which it became inde-
pendent, ana that they have remained ever since
m the same territory, within the geographical
limits of the independent States of Honduras and
Nicaragua, and possibly Costa Rica. By the uni-
versal custom of European and American States,
savage tribes, although they are permitted to ex-
ercise some municipal powers, have no actual or
high sovereignty; even when they have never been
displaced or subdued, the sovereignty neverthe-
less resides in the State or nation which exercises i
directly, or derives to itself, the title acquired by i
European discovery. It was by this universal
law that Great Britain acquired, and so long
maintained, that sovereignty within the territory J
of the original United States which she resigned
to them by the treaty of Versailles, in 1783. By :
the same law, France acquired and held that do- j
minion in Canada and the valuable West India i
Islands which she so reluctantly transferred to J
Great Britain on the fall of Quebec, in 1763. By
the same law, Spain acquired that title to the !
Floridas and vast regions in Louisiana and Mex- !
ico to which the United States have succeeded
by purchase, as well as all those extensive coun-
tries in Mexico, Central America, and South j
America, which have passed from under her do- 1
minion, and gone under the sway of the Spanish
American republics. It was by the same law
that Denmark acquired her possessions in the
West Indies, and that Portugal acquired Brazil;
ajid the empire of Brazil stands now on the same
title. The authority for this universal law, most
apposite to the present occasion,, is that of Great
Britain herself, as confessed in the negotiation
which led to the treaty in question. Mr. Rives
reports to Mr. Clayton a conversation between
himself and Lord Palmerston thus:
" I concluded with saying, that it resulted from this Ions
course of universal usage and conventional practice, that
actual possession was in no wjge necessary to the exercise of
a rightful sovereignty on Indian territory; and that although '1
Indian tnbes were possessed of some of the attributes of a
separate political existence, such as that of governin" their
communities by their own internal lows, and also of sus-
taining the relations of peace and war, yet it was impossible
to recognize in them a complete national independence
such as that which was claimed for the Mosquitoes, with-
out subverting the whole ftibrie of public, law betoaginir to
our peculiar position, which had grown up with the gen-
eral concurrence and assent of all the civilized nations af
Europe."
To these remarks, Lord Palmerston replied by
saying, that he " fully admitted the general doc-
trine for which we contended; that it was the prin-
ciple on which they conducted all their relations
with the Indian tribes in Canada; but that the case
of the Mosquitoes wa.&sui generis, and stood upon
its own peculiar circumstances."—[Senate Doe.
23, p. 22, Vol. III., 2d Sess. 33d Cong.]
But the Jaw being universal, there can be no
case mi generis. If there are any peculiar cir-
cumstances, which is denied, they are not set j|
forUj. Even if there were such, yet they could I
not sustain an exception to the universal law. j
At least, the existence of such a case in behalf
of the Mosquito nation cannot be pleaded against
Spain and her successors, unless the recognition
of it can be shown; nor can it be pleaded by
Great Britain, if she herself has recognized the
paramount title of Spain and her successors.
Here, you will please take notice that the pro-
tectorate neither is, nor is claimed by Great Brit-
ain to be, a modern institution. On the contrary,
it stands upon prescription. I give you the evi-
dence:
" Foreigr Office, January 5,1850.
" Viscount Palmerston presents his compliments to Mr.
Lawrence, and begs to communicate to him, for his peru-
sal, a translation in Spanish of a letter from Mr. Chatiield,
her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires in Guatemala, addressed
; to the Government of Nicaragua on the 5th of September
| last, containing a statement of facts, showing the nature
| of the connection which has existed, since the middle of the
seventeenth century, between Great Uritain and the Mos-
quito nation."—[Semite Doc. 27,p. 50.]
This prescriptive protectorate came undur the
cognizance of not only Spain, but also Great
Britain herself, when making a treaty of peace,
boundaries, and commerce, in 1783.
By article sixth of that treaty it wa* stipulated
that British subjects" shall have the right of cut-
ting, loading, and carrying away logwood, in the
Lords, in 1787, and was denounced as being a
humiliating surrender of the Mosquito country
1 and abandonment of the Mosquito nation, the
I allies of Great Britain. The Ministry defended
! the treaty, on the ground that the British settle-
j nienton the Mosquito shore was not a regular and
i lawful settlement, and that the Mosquito nation
were not allies, and therefore Great Britain was
not bound to protect them; and the vote of cen-
sure was refused, by a large majority of the Peers
1 Thus the matter remained, so far as treaties or
laws were concerned, until 1812, when Spain
adopted a new and written constitution in defiance
of the despotic Powers of Europe. That consti-
I tution contained this article:
I " Guatemala, with the internal provinces of the east and
! west, and the adjacent elands in both seas, form pan of
the Spanish dominions."
I Great Britain recognized Spain under this con-
I stitution, and guarantied her sovereignty. Gua-
temala threw off the Spanish yoke in 1823, and
became a confederated Republic. Its constitution
thus described the domain which it covered:
" The territory of the Republic is the same winch form-
erly comprehended the ancient Kingdom of Guatemala,
with the exception, for tlie present, of Chiapas."
This territory included the whole of the Mos-
distritft lying between the river WaHis, or Belize, J i quito c°ast; the special and limited British set-
ft VI A V£ tj A A / ¥ V\ ' ^   n Vll H/Ima/Ia ^ * wv i1 nM . \ 1 .1 T't * TT 1 1 . 1 n*l
and Rio Hondo"—a district hundreds of miles
distant from the Mosquito coast; " therefore, all
the English who may be dispersed in any other
| parts, whether on the Spanish continent [main
! land] or in any of the islands whatsoever depend-
ent on the aforesaid Spanish continent, and for
whatever reason it might be, without exception, >
: shall return within the district which has been
! above described in the space of eighteen months," ,
" and for this purpose orders shall be issued on
, the part of his Britannic Majesty."—[Senate Doc. ,
75, Vol. X. p. 16.]
The same protectorate came again under the
| review of the same high contracting parties in
; 1786, in making a further treaty. By article first,
it was stipulated as follows: !
tlement between the Rio Hondo and the Siboon,
(callcd the Belize,) belonging within the Spanish
province of Yucatan, and by the revolution passed
under the sway of Mexico. Great Britain acknowl-
edged the independence of Mexico, stipulating at
the same time that British subjects dwelling in
its territories should enjoy the rights which had
been granted to them by Spain in the treaty of
1786; and thus reaffirmed and reestablished her
own exclusion from Central America, with the
exceptions and limitations before described.
Having shown that there can be lawfully no
Mosquito kingdom or king, I need not prove that
there can lawfully be no British protectorate of
such an impossible kingdom or king.
Althoug-h it is superfluous, I will now show,
His Britannic Majesty's subjects, an.l the other col- j > secondly, that, in fact, there is no such kingdom.
pop-
since
exception, situated beyond the line hereinafter described as | the period of Spanish discovery, have clustered
what ought to be the position of the extent of territory :! on the Ifiirh grounds inland and on 111.■ Pneifip
granted by his Catholic Majesfyto the English.for the uses I "i" ilI • S ., "nana ana oil tne fac.mc.
i specified in the third article of the present convention, and l?I.)(1' having the coast of the Caribbean Sea,
in the addition to the country already granted to there, in < Which, though exceeding fertile, was pestilential,
  - • - chiefly unoccupied. Such was the contrast be-
tween the regions, that the early visitors describe
the colony as situated between heaven and hell.
That coast, including the Mosquito shore, still
remains " a haunt of savages, whom three hun-
dred years of contact with European civilization
has not only failed to improve, Dut actually de-
graded and debased." Among them are the Mos-
... ... i —   quitoes, the most degraded and debased of all.
occupied by the cutters, at the distance of eight ij They are a mixed breed of Indians and negroes,
PflffllPQ fl*nm thfl MfOH filKnnn n  I. 'I iv.   - 1  _ )  . I 1 r*.. '
virtue of the stipulations agreed upon by tiie commissioners
of the two crowns m 1783."
The line specified in the other articles of the
treaty, as the boundaries of the special possession
of the English, were the Rio Hondo on the north, ,
and the river Siboon on the south, together with 1
" the small Island of Casino, St. George's Key,"
orCayo Casino.and " the cluster of small islands 1
which are situated opposite that part of the coast
leagues from the river Siboon, a place which has
always been found well adapted to that purpose."
By article seventh, all the stipulations of the
treaty of 1783, for recognizing the sovereignty
of Spain over even this limited possession, were
renewed and confirmed, with new and more
stringent restrictions.—[Senate Doc. 75, Vol. X.
p. 21.] By article second, his Britannic Majesty
agreed that, "should there still remain any per-
sons so daring as to presume, by retiring into
the interior country, to endeavor to obstruct the
entire evacuation already agreed upon, his Bri-
tannic Majesty, so far from affording them the
in number about six thousand. They subsist
, chiefly by fishing and hunting, and live on the
banks of the lagoons on the verge of the coast,
occupying no other part of the extensive district
covered in their name by the protectorate. Their
blood is tainted, and they are diminishing in
numbers, like the natives of the Sandwich Islands.
The British have built a town, named Bluefield,
at the mouth of the Bluefield river, which con-
tains six hundred inhabitants, of whom five hun-
dred are Indians and negroes, and one hundred
are English. Nearly all the dwellings are mere
huts; but there is one house which ia built of
. - ,  £3  —- 3 IB vuc HUUSt; WltivH IS UllliL (it
least succor, or even protection, will disown them J boards, and in this the British agent lives, together
>hn« "i SOer/1" as he Wll! equally do I with a native, who has been selected by the British
those who may hereafter attempt to settle upon 1 Government to personate a king. ^The British
thfi terntory belonging to the Spanish domain.'* fta*** + . i *
—[Senate Doc. 75, Vol X., p. 23.]
_ By article fourteenth, it was stipulated as fol-
lows:
" His Catholic Majesty, prompted solely by motives of
humanity, promises to the King of Em-land that he will not
again exercise any act of severity against the Mosquitoes
inhabiting la part tj,e countries which are to be evacuated
by virtue of the present convention, on account of the
connections which may have subsisted between the said
Indians and the English; and his Britannic Majesty, on his
part, will stnetly prohibit all his subjects from furn kiting
^ warlike stores to the Indians in general, situated
TcV5TvuT:PVT Spanish Possassi°ns-"—[Senate
This treaty was made the ground of a motion
for a vote of eensrure in the British House of
j waves over the edifice, although it is recorded
that a national banner for the Mosquitoes was
once prepared at London, and sent to Bluefield.
elaixn for this king, that their choice was
rf if 'jy ® number of the chiefs or head men of
, the Mosquitoes, and show a certificate to that
effect, bearing their marks. They claim, also,
that the present king, or some one of his late pre-
decessors, visited Jamaica, and there was,invested
with the robes of royalty by British subjects. The
Mosquitoes are heathens. They have neither
churches nor schools, nor ministry, parliament,
or council. They have no army or navy^no treas-
ury, no customs, no taxes, no revenues, no police,
no induntry, no trade, no intercourse, diplomatic
