1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
7 
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Central American Que$tion~-~Mr. Seward.
Senate.
or otherwise, with any other people. There are
indeed, at Blucfield, civil, judicial, diplomatic,
military, and naval authorities; but all these are
British; they execute only British orders, and de-
rive all their powers and salaries from the British
Government. These doubtless are the reasons
why Lord Palmerston, in speaking of the Mos-
quito king, said, " He is as much a king as you
or I;" and why, as Mr. Bancroft reports, the
British House of Commons laughed when (he
being present in 1849) they voted the appropria-
tions to support the charge d'affaires at the court
of that imaginary monarch.
If any substance remained in the fictions of a
Mosquito nation and protectorate, it was finally
dissolved by the frank and manly statements of
Lord John Russell, written on the 19th of Jan-
uary, 1853, with a view to its being submitted to
the Congress of the United States. He writes:
" it is evident that, since Great Britain first assumed the
protection anil defense of tlie Mosquito Indians, tl\e position
of all parties has changed. First, Spain, instead of oxer
cising absolute sovereignty over Central America, and pro-
hibiting all commerce on the coast uisdor her sway, has
entirelv losl lier domain over the coatinont, from Cape Horn
to Florida. Secondly, the Mosquito Indians, instead of gov-
erning their own tribe, according to their own cu-'toms,
furnish a name and title to Europeans and Americans who
carry on trade at Grey town and along the coast of Mosquito,
according to the usages of civilized nations. Thirdly, Great
Britain, instead of having an interest in the defense of the
Mosquito Indians, for the sake of rescuing part of the terri-
tory of Central America from Spanish control, and obtain-
ing an outlet for her, has no other interest in Mosquito tlian
that which is derived from an honorable regard for her old
connection with, the Indian nation at Mosquito."
Under no circumstances could the fiction of a
Mosquito king, kingdom, or protectorate, be tol-
erated to deprive the United States of continental
rights, guarantied to them by treaties with the
Central American States. But it would be con-
senting to the practice of a fraud against them and
ourselves to tolerate such effortpafter the treaties
of 1783, 1786, and 1850.
Lord Clarendon claims that the late Mr. Web-
ster, when Secretary of State, sanctioned the
British construction of the treaty of 1850. This
sanction is understood to be merely inferred from
Mr. Webster having advised Mr.Marcoleta,the
Nicaraguan Minister, to accept a treaty proposed
to the States of Nicaragua and Costa Rica by
the British Government, upon the basis of that
construction. Mr. Wehster seems only to have
proposed this from an amiable desire to effect a
compromise, which failed. But however solemn
may have been his approval of the British con-
struction, it has never been adopted by the Uni-
ted States, and they have constantly insisted on
their own, as now maintained.
Mr. Webster's supposed admission against the
United States is more than balanced by the coun-
ter admission of Lord John Russell, in the letter
from which I have quoted so largely already:
" The peculiarity of this ease is, that certain neighboring
States deny altogether the independence of Mosquito; and
the Mosquito nation are liable, any day, to new incursions
upon their territory. We can make no complete provision
aeainst this danger. Our policy is, to do .ill that honor and
humanity require in behalf of the Mosquito nation ; but we
intend to adhere steadily to the treaty of Washington of
the 19th of April, 1850, and not to assume any sovereignty,
either direct or indirect, in Central America."
So much light has now been thrown upon the
whole field of debate, that I can dispose, very
briefly, of the two remaining questions. I pro-
ceed to speak of the Belize. Simultaneously with
the ratification of the treaty of 1850, explanations
passed between the negotiators, which excepted
from its operation " the British settlement in Hon-
duras, (commonly called British Honduras, as
distinct from the State of Honduras,) and the
small islands in the neighborhood of that settle-
ment, which may beknownas its dependencies;"
and it was declared that " the title to that settle-
ment, and those islands, was left by the treaty,
without denying, or affirming, or meddling,in any
way, with the same."
Great Britain now insists on the Sarstoon river
(which is far south of the Siboon) as the border
of the British settlement of the Belize, while, by
the treaty of 1786, the Siboon is expressly defined
as its proper boundary; and she insists, moreover,
on exclusive sovereignty over that district, while,
by that treaty, her possession is merely a sub-
ordinate one, without any attribute of dominion
whatever. By this extended and absolute occu-
pation, Great Bfitajn covers a proposed passage
across the isthmus, through the State of Hon-
duras, and also has great power to obstruct even
the Nicaragua route. The United States, in view
of the exception of the Belize district from the
treaty of 1850, do not insist now on her abandon-
ing the Belize, but they insist that she sh?11 with-
draw from the district she has usurped, lying be-
tween the Siboon and the Sarstoon, ana confine
herself within the stipulated boundaries of the
Belize, while they are content to leave for further
discussion the examination of her pretensions to
absolute sovereignty within that district.
Lord Clarendon sustains the British claim by
drawing i  the fact that the United States, in
1841, sent a consul to reside at the Belize, who
received his exequatur from the British Govern-
ment. But Belize is situated north of the Siboon,
and within the proper limits of British Honduras.
The act of sending a copsul to reside there is no
i aekn'o\y 1 edgment of the lawfulness of the exteii-
| sion of the settlement beyond thpae boundaries.
Secondly, the appointment of a consul is only ft
; commercial, not a political transaction.
Lord Clarendon further sustains these usurpa-
tions by alleging that the treaty of 1786 was ab-
rogated in 1814 by a war between Great Britain
and Spain-, at which time the Belize settlement
had been already extended to the Sarstoon. But
Great Britain was, during that war, as well as
before it, occupying the Belize, in subordination
to the Spanish title. She did not effect, nor even
allege, a change in the nature or extent of her
possessions then. When peace was restored, she
made no treaty of boundaries, and took no polit-
ical stipulations whatever; but, on the contrary,
entered into a treaty which expressly revived all
formerly-existing commercial treaties; to which
class the treaty of 1786, so far as the. Belize dis-
trict or settlement was concerned, manifestly be-
longed. Great Britain continued to act on this
ground until the question of interoceanic passages
across the isthmus arose. In 1817, the British
Parliament passed a law, entitled "An act for
the more effectual punishment of murders and
manslaughters committed in places not within
his Majesty's dominions." The preamble is in
these words:
"Whereas grievous miirdera and manslaughters have
been committed at the settlement in the Bay of Honduras,
in South America, the same bay or settlement being for
certafn purposes in the possession and within the protection
of his Majesty, but not within the territory and dominion
of his Majesty, by persons residing within that settlement."
Parliament amended this statute, in 1819, by
another, which reaffirmed that Belize was not
within the territories and dominions of Great
Britain. I have already shown that, in 1826,
Great Britain, in recognizing the independence
of Mexico, stipulated for her settlement at the
Belize the privileges granted by the treaty with
Spain, of 1786.
Such is the unanswerable argument for the
American position in regard to the Belize.
It remains now to speak of the Colony of the
Bay Islands. In Central America, not in British
Honduras, in the Caribbean Sea, about thirty-
five miles from the port of Truxillo, in the State
of Honduras, and four hundred miles distant
from the Belize, lies the island of Roatan, spa-
cious, fertile, beautiful, and easily susceptible of
defense. Near to it are the relatively smaller,
but yet considerable, islands of Bonacca, Utilla,
Barbaret, Helena, and Moorat. The islands of
Roatan and Bonacca are said, by a British geo-
grapher, to be, by reason of their fine harbors,
good soils, fine air, and abundant animals, as
well as their commanding grounds, proverbially
known in that part of the world as the garden
of the West Indies, the key to Spanish America,
and a new Gibraltar. On the 17th of July, 1850,
thirteen days after the conclusion of the treaty
of 1850, a proclamation was issued by the Brit-
ish Government, constituting the islands before-
named a colony, under the name of the Colony
of the Bay Islands.
The United States insist that Great Britain
shall discontinue this new colony. Great Britain
refuses, and alleges that the colony is within the
Belize settlement, or British Honduras, and so is
excepted from the treaty. On tha contrary, the
islands which are excepted are described in the
| exception as small islands in the neighborhood
I of the Belize. Not only are there such small
I islands in that place, but they are expressly de-
i scribed and assigned to the Belize in the treaty
| of 1786; while the Bay Islands are neither small
] islands, nor are they situated in the neighbor-
! hood of the Belize, but, on the contrary, they are
' islands of considerable magnitude and of historic
i importance. The treaty of 1786 assigns them to
the " Spanish Continent," and expressly excludes
Great Britain from them. Great Britain shows no
pretense of title, or even of continued occupancy
of them. Spain held them until the revolution
in Central America. The Slate of Honduras
! assumed possession, and placed a flag on Roatan,
I in 1829. Great Britain caused that flag to bo
I supplanted by her own in 1839 ; but this was
II immediately afterwards lowered, and the flag of
11 Honduras was restored to its place. It is unim-
1; portant to follow this petty contention further.
Whatever pretensions Great Britain may have
ever before made to the Bay Islands, thev were all
solemnly and forever relinquished and abandoned
, by her in the treaty of 1850.
I have thus reached the conclusion that the
American positions are just, and the American
J demands are right. The filial question is a prac-
j tical one—What ourfn the United States now to
do?
| I can now only glance at some of the circum-
[ stances which anect tlie question. I regret that
! it involves in any case a possibility of war
'Although I believe war sometimes justifiable, I
I regard it always, nevertheless, as a calamity and
i an evil. I do not agree with either those who
j suppose it contributes to national prosperity, or
those who regard it as a salutary discipline of
States. I should therefore deeply deplore any
. war with any nation, and more than any other,
a war with Great Britain. That Power no longer
arms alone. Its wealth and influence easily secure
allies. Nor in such a contest should we be un-
aided. The adjacent American States, at least,
would cooperate with us. It would therefore be
a general war, and, consequently, more exten-
sively injurious and widely demoralizing than
; any other in which we could be engaged. It
]! would, moreover, renew and practically perpet-
, uate an alienation between two fraternal States,
1 on whose common guidance (only secured through
' their concord) the advancing nations largely de-
pend. I deprecate a war, moreover, because it
can be avoided, unless there shall be fault on both
| sides, or on one side; and, therefore,in one sense,
it would be an unnecessary conflict. Notwith-
standing the occasional occurrence of misappre-
hensions and irritations, the world is yet wide
, enough for both nations, and for all nations. We
are the center of one system, an American one;
Great Britain is the center of another, an Euro-
pean one. Almost in spite of ourselves, we are
steadily extending and increasing our control
over these continents. Notwithstanding her
tenacity, she is constantly losing her dominion
here. This is within the order of nature. It was
for three hundred years the business of European
nations to colonize", discipline, and educate Ameri-
can nations. It is now the business of those
nations to govern themselves. The decline of
European power here practically began with the
fall of Canada out of the control of France, in
1763. It has steadily continued, until now only
some relics, possessing little vitality, remain.
Without any war on our part, Great Britain will
wisely withdraw and disappear from this hemi-
sphere within a quarter of a century—at least,
within half a century. War might hasten, but
might also delay it.
I regret, also, that a war, if it must come, must
also probably concur with the greai conflict that
now convulses Europe. The British administra-
tion has long been unfaithful to the cause of free
institutions in Europe; and the French Empire is,
in my eyes, a hateful usurpation. Nevertheless,
both of these Administrations are temporary,
and, practically, ephemeral, while the Russian
Empire is an obstinate and portentous reality. I
accept the oracular exposition of the first Napo-
leon; and, believing that Europe must be soon
either Republican or C ossack, I recognize, beneath
the monarchical masks of the Allies, the western
nations contending against an advancing despot*
