1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
certain papers foot up a certain result. Now I
hold that, m so far as the evidence before these ter-
ritorial canvassers is concerned, it was better on
these original papers than it -would have been on
their certificate. These men might err. They
are, like the rest of us, liable to err. Their count
might have been incorrect—their returns imper-
fect, subject to all the contingencies to which these
matters are liable. But when the original precinct
returns are sent up, the canvassers have then the
best evidence that can be given to them of the re-
suit of the election in the precinct. The certifi-
cate of the probate judge and householders only-
shows that such papers are in the office.
How, then, for reasons of this kind, are we
justified in rejecting the vote of Otoe county? I
think that the reason should be urgent—that it
should be conclusive, and that the law should be
imperative before we take the liberty of disfran-
chising the precinct or county. Therefore, we
dissent from these territorial canvassers. We
could not, under our view of duty, do otherwise
than count the vote of this county.
Now, in the county of Dacotah, which is the
county whose vote was rejected, the objection
is the same. There is, however, in reference to
this county, another objection which may have
been urged, and which we did not see fit to re-
gard. All of the objections in regard to Dacotah,
thus far, are the same as in regard to Otoe. There
is, however, this difference between the two
counties: The vote of this county, I believe,
numbered twenty-five, and that vote was unani-
mously m favor of the sitting member. The
Governor, in issuing his proclamation designat-
ing the place of election m that county, fixed
Dacotah city; and no election was held at the
designated point, but at Omaha Creek, some
miles distant. We, however, regarding the
irregularities which always will get into the pro-
ceedings of a new Territory, did not see fit, for
that reason, to reject the vote, but counted it in
the general tally.
The third county whose vote has been rejected,
is that of Washington. There was this irregu-
larity there, that in two of the precincts—the
precinct of De Soto and of Cumnmg—the judges
did not send up the regular poll-books to the
register of the county. We have evidence before
us that they kept the poll-books. That point
is established. They deposited their poll-books
with one of the judges, in conformity wtth
the statute, but the other was not sent to the
county register. They did, however, send up
their certificate, which should have accompa-
nied the tally-sheet from the precinct of De Soto.
For the other precinct, they sent up their certif-
icate with the tally-sheet. In that county the
probate judge and householders canvassed these
certificates and tally-sheet. They certified to
their abstract, so that that part of the statute
was complied with. That abstract was duly for-
warded to the office of the secretary of the Terri-
tory. How, had these men stopped here, there
could not have been any reasonable pretext, on the
part of the territorial canvassers, for refusing to
canvass the votes of this county; and I must say
that I am not able to see why they did not can-
vass the votes of every county.
But these men added to the certificate what I
hold to be, and what I think every legal man in
this body will hold to be, surplusage. The regis-
ter states that there were no poll-books returned
ed from De Soto and none from Cumming City;
but that in one case there was a certificate, and
in the other there was a tally-sheet. Now I hold
that this formed legitimately no part of their duty.
The county register, on receiving them, might
have laid them before the county canvassers—
the probate judge, and the householders; but
there his duty stopped, and anything beyond that
was an act of supererogation. Then the probate
judges and householders might have refused to
count, but in the refusal they would have had to
strike down the election of the entire county, or
they might have notified the officers to send up
the poll-books. But having taken them, and
counted them, and examined them, then no fur-
ther duty devolved upon them but to make their
certificate, and make it in conformity to law, and
then their duty ceased. Anything done beyond
that was done beyond the legal requirements,
and is surplusage. For that reason we have re-
fused to regard anything in this certificate save
and except its legitimate legal substance, and that
is, that so many votes were given in the different
precincts for certain officers. If there had been the
slightest evidence that there had been any illegality
or any fraud, or that any wrong had been done,
we would not have hesitated to consider it as a
matter of substance. But when the law requires
that in every election precinct the poll-book shall
be deposited with the county clerk, shoulcTthe fact
of a non-conformity to the law upon the part of
the officers in depositing the poll-books with the
county officers operate to disfranchise a county,
or a precinct, or even a single individual? We
have, therefore, agreed to admit the abstract re-
turned by the proper officers in each of these pre-
cincts.
Then, sir, in regard to the counties of Richard-
son and Pawnee, it is alleged that there were some
irregularities. It is alleged that persons were
allowed to vote who were not entitled to vote
according to the laws of the land. Both these
counties were regarded as one for the purposes
of the election; but the objectionis raised, that in
the county of Pawnee, the election, instead of
being held at Pawnee City, was held at the house
of a man by the name of Abrams, several miles
from that place. Now, sir, of this fact there is
no legal evidence. The case, as laid before the
committee, does not present any regular legal
evidence that this election was not held at Pawnee
City; and upon that ground alone I should hesi-
tate long before I should reject the vote of this
county. But the law does not provide that the
election in that county shall be held at Pawnee
City. It simply provides that the Governor of
the Territory shall designate the place. The law
also provides that the probate judges shall post
up notices in every precinct at least thirty days
before a general election, and at least ten days
before a special election. By another statute, it
is provided, that where a county is unorganized it
shall be attached to an adjoining county. At the
time this election was held, the county of Pawnee
was unorganized, and for the purposes of the
election it was attached to the county of Rich-
ardson. For all purposes, therefore, as far as the
election was concerned, it was practically a blank.
Tt was made a part and parcel of the county of
Richardson. Then, if the election was held at
any place in the county of Richardson, it was a
valid election.
Another objection was raised that the judge of
probate, at the precinct of Archer, refused to
give notice of the election, under the supposition
that it was upon an Indian reservation. It was
subsequently ascertained, however, that it was
not, and the people assembled, appointed their
own judges, and held an election. It is claimed
that this precinct, at all events, must be rejected,
for the reason that the probate judge did not give
any notice. I hold the matter to be very clear
that the provisions in relation to the notice of the
appointment of officers, and all such things, are
merely directory. JN'one of them are matters of
substance; not one of them confers a right on the
voter. The voter receives his right from a higher
source. Every man coming within the descrip-
tion of the public law is a voter.
In proof, every man is a voter, unless he is
legally disqualified by some provision of law.
The function of the fundamental law is to qualify
and limit the right of suffrage, and, unless a cer-
tain class of persons shall come within that limit-
ation, and be excluded by positive law, they are
all voters. The law does not confer the right to
vote; that right comes with our manhood, our
intelligence, and the relation we hold to the State.
We all have it, unless the law places on it a lim-
itation which excludes us. Then, sir, to say that
subordinate officers and probate judges have
higher functions than merely to give notice—that
they have power to disfranchise a whole county—
is to give a construction to the law which we are j
not willing to give it. How easy it would be, '
under that construction, for probate judges to de-
feat the whole purpose of the Government? How
easy to revolutionize the politics of the Territory?
How easy to have a Legislature elected that would
frame a code of laws to suit their own private
opinions, in disregard of public sentiment, by re-
fusing to give notice in a few of the important
counties ? Will gentlemen say that these subor-
dinate officers hoid the rights of whole counties
in the hollow of 'heir hands, and thnt they may
make or unmake officers, enfranchise or disfran-
chise whole communities ? It matters not wheth*
er the officer gave notice— it was a matter merely
directory. The people had the power in their
own hands, and when they held their election,
the act was theirs in the capacity of citizens and
freemen; and unless there is some wrong done,
their voice must be heard-—it must be reffardod*
and their vote must be counted.
There is another question involved in relation
to the county of Richardson, which I will briefly
notice. It is claimed that some nineteen or twenty
—the evidence is not clear as to the actual num-
ber—residents of an Indian reservation voted in
this election; and that they were not entitled to
vote. This reservation is made by the tenth ar-
ticle of a treaty concluded on the 15th day of July,
A. D., 1830, with the Otoes, Omahas, Torras,
Yancton and Santee bands of the Sioux, which
tenth article is in the following words:
" The Omalias, Iowas, and Dtoes, for themselves, and
in behalf of tlie Yancton and Sautee bands of the Sious,
having earnestly requested that they might be permitted to
make some provisions for their half-breeds, and partic-
ularly that they might bestow upon them the tract of coun-
try within the following limits, [here follows a description
of the boundaries,] it is agreed that the half-breeds of said
tribes and bands shall be suffered to occupy said tract of
land, holding it m the same manner and by the same title
that other Indian titles are held; but the President of the
United States may hereafter assign to any of the said half-
breeds, to be held by him or them m fee-simple, any portion
or tract not exceeding a section of six hundred and forty
acres to each individual."
Now, I understand this matter of Indian title
to be a very simple one. They hold under this
article of the treaty in common, until the land is
assigned to them in severalty. There is no treaty
with the half-breeds; the treaty is with these
bands of the Soux. There is no nationality in
one of the occupants. He and the others occupy
in common, no one having a separate estate, but
all holding under the ordinary Indian title. This
is a matter in fee; it passes to them and their
heirs. There is this only in Indian titles to dis-
tinguish them from others; the parties have not
the power to sell without the permission of the
Government. They have a fee in the land, with
no power to sell without the permission of Gov-
ernment. They cannot sell to other nations;
they cannot sell to individuals. That is the only
limitation. They are merely landed proprietors,
and hold in common subjcct to the right of the
President, when he may see fit, for any reason,
to assign them tracts in severalty; and when those
tracts are assigned to them in severalty, they hold,
and may dispose of them, as property is generally
held ana disposed of.
How, then, can it be that persons who occupy
that land are not entitled to vote ? These persons
cannot sell their lands, but they can permit men
to occupy them. They can lease them and per-
mit them to be farmed. The only limitation is
that the Government holds over their heads a
preemption, and the Government will not permit
them to convey their lands in fee-simple; but they
have a right to occupy them by themselves or by
their tenants. Now, I cannot see any valid rea-
son why persons occupying those lands should
not be permitted to vote. Itis claimed thatunder
the act of 1834, regulating intercourse with the
Indians, they are excluded from voting. But
there is no provision of that kind in the act. You
have got to interpolate not only words, but sub-
stance in that act, to exclude them. And it
requires a violent construction of that act to
apply it to any organized Territory; for at the
time of its passage it was expressly excluded,
in its operation, from the Territory of Arkansas,
and from evey Territory and State government
then within the United States. It was contem-
plated in that act that only the lands in the unor-
ganized portion of the Government should be
regulated by it. It is true that it gives the Indian
agents, the officers of the Government of the
United States, the power to expel persons who
settle upon the Indian lands, ana the act was de-
signed to protect the Indians against trespassers;
but there is no provision which attaches any such
severe penalty as the loss of suffrage upon a man
thus trespassing.
Mr. JEWETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WATSON. Certainly.
Mr. JEWETT. 1 would jask the gentleman
from O'n'e if he recollects of any sale ever having
