90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
Mr. PEARCE obtained the floor.
Sir. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] asks for information m
reference to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Talbott.] I will state the case, because I want
to know whether there is any member here who
ifits paired off with him. I wantto know whether
good faith has been observed. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Talbott] was called home
by what he deemed absolutely required his pres-
ence there, but previous to starting he requested
that I would pair him off' with the gentleman
from Massachusetts. [Cries of "Order!" "Sit
down!" " Wait for the exposure!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman will bear in
mind that his colleague is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PEARCE took the floor.
[Cries of "Sit down !" " Order !"]
Mr. PEARCE. If gentlemen will be still for
a moment, they will hear all that I have to say.
Mr. Clerk, I am not, and never have been, au-
thorized by Mr. Banks to make any such pledges
as have been mentioned, either to my colleague
[Mr. Millward] or anybody else. I saw my
colleague a few moments ago, and I did ask him
whether he would like to be the chairman of the
Committee on Engraving and Lithographing.
[Laughter.] But 1 aid not say that I was author-
ized by Mr. Banks to say that, if Mr. Bawks
should be elected, he would be appointed the
chairman of that committee.
Mr. MILLWARD. I will ask my colleague
some questions. Did you not come to my seat
a moment ago and take mo back of the screen ?
Did you not ask me whether I had any inclina-
tion to change my vote ? Did you not ask me to
vote for Mr. Banks? I asked you the reason
why I should change my vote? You stated,
" Because you will make a good thing of it.if
[Laughter.] " In what way, sir ?" " Why, you
will be made the chairman of the Lithographing
and Engraving Committee." Said I, " There is
no such committee." Immediately I came to my
seat, and borrowed theManual from Mr. Wright,
[laughter,] and, upon reference to it, I found no
such committee reported; whereupon I asked the
question of Mr. Humphrey Marshall, who
was passing by at the time, who informed me in
the affirmative; this being the case I was con-
vinced of the sincerity of the proposition. I then
went out and heard what Mr. Pearce had to
say further. I said, "How do you know I can
be made chairman of that committee?" He re-
plied, that he had had a conversation with Mr.
Banks, and that he had assured linn that any
promise he made to me would be carried out.
Air. PEARCE. The gentleman did not un-
derstand me.
Mr. MILLWARD. You said as I have stated
to the House.
M). PEARCE. No, sir; the gentleman mis-
understood me. I did not state so. [Cries of
"Order!'' " Hear him!"] I claim the right to
be heard in reply to what my colleague has said.
I deny what lie has said. 1 positively deny his
assertions. He has misunderstood me.
Mr. MILLWARD. No, 1 linve not, sir.
There is no misunderstanding. The language
was too plain.
Mr. PEAIICE. You have misunderstood me.
Prom your own declaration it seems that you
have examined the Manual and ascertained that
there was no such committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLWARD. The gentleman mistakes;
I said no such thing. I ascertained, on the con-
trary, that there was such a committee. I appeal
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hum-
phrey Marshal!.] to state the conversation I
iiad with him on the subject. *
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Mr. Clerk,
as I was passing, the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania asked me whether there was any
such committee as the Committee on Engraving
and Lithography ? [Laughter.] I told him that
there was, and I asked him why? He then made
to me a statement similar to the one he has made
hero. I told him that he ought to expose the
matter. ,
Mr. BOYCE. I would like to ask one question.
I understand that the chairmanship of that com-
mittee is a profitable one. Is that so?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of my colleague [Mr. Pearce] whether
that conversation with Mr. Millward was au-
thorized by Mr. Banks? Was it not of your
own accord?
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly it was. It was
more playful on my part than in earnest, but it
has been made a serious matter of. I was not
authorized by Mr. Banks to make any offer to
my colleague.
Mr. FLORENCE. How did the gentleman
know it was a good committee and would bo a
good place? There is such a committee, though
1 do not know anything about it. [Cries of
"Order! "Order!"]
Mr. MILLWARD. I desire to know if my
colleague had any conversation with Mr. Banks
in relation to this matter? [Cries of "Order!"
and great confusion in the Hall, many members
standing in the area in front of the Clerk's
Mr? FLORENCE. I say it is disgraceful to
our State, sir, and to the gentleman who made
the proffer. [Loud.shouts of" 0rder!"and much
laughter.]
Mr. MILLWARD. I again ask my colleague
[Mr. Pearce] whether he had not a conversa-
tion with Mr. Banks on this subject?
Mr. FLORENCE. There ought to be a com-
mittee appointed to investigate this matter at
once. [Laughter, and shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. MILLWARD. Will you answer my
question, Mr. Pearce? [Cries of "Order!" "An-
swer!" and great excitement in all parts of the
Hall!] I ask Mr. Pearce whether he had or
had not the conversation with Mr. Banks that
he told me he had, relative to this matter?
Mr. PEARCE. I would like you to state
what the conversation was. We disagree as to
what it was.
Mr. MILLWARD. You told me that Mr.
Banks had assured you that if I would vote for
htm he would give me the position you promised
I me.
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir. I did not.
Mr. MILLWARD. Well, I say you did, sir.
[Shouts of " Order!"]
Mr. PEARCE. 1 did not.
Mr. MILLWARD. Had you any conversa-
tion with Mr. Banks at all upon the subject?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 think we have had about
enough of this.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL: I
desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Millward,] whether or not this is the only
proposition which he has heard of as having been
made, if not to lumself, at least to other members
ii|ion this floor, to induce them to vote for Mr.
Banks ? I would ask whether he is not aware
of the fact that assurances have been given to
some members of the Pennsylvania delegation
interested m manufactures, that in case they
would give their support to a certain gentleman
in this House, whoso opinions in reference to free
trade have been expressed and are fully known,
they might rest assured that the manufacturing
interests ofPennsylvama,coal, iron, &c.,would be
perfectly secure in his hands, notwithstanding his
well-known opinions in relation to free trade ?
Mr. MILLWARD. I have, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL. Are there not other gen-
tlemen who have heard the same thing?
Mr. MILLWARD. I am not the only mem-
ber who has heard it.
Mr. PAINE obtained the floor,
r. MILLWARD. I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina will allow mo the floor in
order to obtain an answer to my question.
Mr. PAINE. I will give way for a moment.
Mr. MILLWARD. I insist upon an answer
to the question whether my colleague [Mr.
Pearce] had any conversation with Mr. Banks
in reference to this matter?
Mr. PEARCE. I have stated distinctly to
this House, and I now repeat, that I have never
been authorized by Mr. Banks, or by anybody
else  ^
Mr. MILLWARD, (interrupting.) That is
not the question. Had you any conversation
with Mr. Bunks?
Mr. PEARCE. I asked Mr. Banks if nothing
could be done for you, particularly, and he told
me he made no pledges. [Laughter, and cries of
"Good!" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. MILLWARD. But you told me, sir,
that Mr. Banks said I should be made chairman
of the Engraving and Lithographing Committee.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a word to the
House touching its honor and my honor. I un-
derstand this matter better than anybody else.
No man has had an assurance from me of any
kind whatever in regard to the formation of the
committees, neither gentlemen from Pennsylva-
nia, nor gentlemen from any other State in the
Union. I stand, sir, if I am elected to the office
for which gentlemen have voted for me to-day,
and on days past, perfectly free to do that which
is right and proper for myself, for the House,
and the country, and of that I am alone the
judge; and for what I do, I will be responsible
to the House and the country. [Applause on
the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. EDIE obtained the floor.
Mr. GALLOWAY. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Millward] has no right to
make vague and general charges against the
members of this House. If such pledges as he
speaks of have been sought, I demand that the
men shall be pointed out. It is his duty to do it.
Mr. EDIE. I desire to ask my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Millward,] whether or not,
in what he has said about assurances having been
made to members of the Pennsylvania delegation,
he had any reference to me?
Mr. MILLWARD. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. EDIE. I am satisfied.
Several Members. -To whom, then, did you
refer? [Shouts of " Order!" and great confusion.]
Mr. MILLWARD. I did not name any gen-
tleman. 1 had reference to a conversation be-
twcenMr. Covode, Mr. Campbell of Kentucky,
and other gentlemen. [Cries of " Order !" and
great confusion.]
Mr. TODD. Then the gentleman has given
this information to the House, and has implicated
the honor of the Pennsylvania delegation upon
common and idle rumor. I hope my colleague
will hereafter be more guarded, and not suffer
himself to be used by others for the purpose of
casting imputations upon his colleagues. We
stand hero, sir, as independent Representatives
of Pennsylvania, guided by our convictions of
right and truth, and we ask no pledges, nor will
we give any. We desire to do our duty, and in
doing that duty we shall discharge it as intelli-
gently as we can, trusting to the honor of the
gentlemen with whom wo act, with no false
pretenses and no false ideas on our part. I
hope my colleague will hereafter be careful how
he indulges in matters of this description, lest, in
trying to drag down a man who is a candidate
for an honorable position in this House, he may
accomplish his own destruction and that of those
who stand alongside of him.
Mr. MILLWARD. In reply to what my
colleague says about being guarded, I wish to
say to him, and to every other gentleman upon
this floor, that I am not to be frightened by being
told to be guarded, as I hold myself personally
responsible to any member of this House for
what I may say. I cast no imputation upon
any of my colleagues or any other gentleman,
except upon the one who has been guilty of this
offense; and that is John J. Pearce. Let the
guilt rest where it belongs—upon the guilty.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. As the
State of Pennsylvania has been referred to, and
her honor somewhat touchcd in this discussion,
I desire to say, on behalf of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, for whom we have
been voting for some days, that I have frequently
met him socially since I have been a member of
this House, and have had many conversations
with him; and while I admire his high and chiv-
alric sense of right and honor, I want to say that
I have never heard him, at any time or under
any circumstances, make any remark oi*intima-
tion which could be construed into a pledge. I
have said to my colleague, [Mr. Millward,] and
to other members, that the interests of Pennsyl-
vania were safe in the hands of any just and
honorable member of this House, and that no
man having a high sense of right could so con-
struct the committees as to strike down the in-
terests of Pennsylvania. I have placed, and I
am willing to place, the interests of the Keystone
State in the hands of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, because I know him to be a gen-
tleman possessed of a high sense of right.
