1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
bell, dawson, Coifar, Cumback, DamTel!, Dean, Denver,
Dunn, Durfee, Emrie, Evans, Robert B. Hail, Thomas R.
Hoi ton, Kelsey, Km?, Knapp, Knowlton. Matteson, Killian
Miller, Millsori, ?*lorrill, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, I'iki', Purviance, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage,
Sapji, Seott, Sherman, Simmons, William R. Smith, Stran-
atian, Tappan, Thorington, Thnrston, Trafton, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron, Watson, Weils, Whitney, and Wood-
worth—57.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr Cobb, of Georgia, had paired off with Mr.
Day until Monday next.
Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Faulkner
had paired off with Mr. Washburne, of Wis-
consin.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL stated that his col-
league, Mr. Swope, had paired off with Mr.
Grow for this day.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, of Alabama, had paired off with Mr.
Campbell, of Pennsylvania, until this day week.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. SAGE asked the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill of the House (No. 120) to improve
the channel of the Hudson river above and below
Albany, but not above Troy, New York.
Mr. LETCHER, Mr. HOUSTON, and others,
objected.
Mr. SAGE moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
lingburst, r.liss, Bioom, Buflinton, Lewis I). Campbell,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragui,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denvei, De Witt, Dick-
son, Dodd, Dunn, Edwards, Etheridge, Eustis, Granger,
J. Morrison Hams, Haven, Thomas R. Hoiton, Kelsey,
Kcnnett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lmdley,
Humphrey Marshall, Mattf-on, McCartv, Killian Miller,
Morgan, Mutt, Nichols. Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Pelton, Pennington, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Rieaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Sage, Sayp, Scott, sheiman, Simmons, Sneetl,
Spinner, Stmiiahaii, Thonngton, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Waldron, Ellibu B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wood, and Woodworth—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Oarlile, Caslcie, Ezra Clark,
Clmgman, Williamson R.W.Cobb, Cox, l.'iaige, Ciaw-
ford, Cullen, Damrell, Davidson, Dowdell, Durfee, Elliott,
Emrie, Evans, Florence, Foster, Gidding*, Goode, Green-
wood, Robert B. Ilall, Harlan, Thomas J.. Hams, Valen-
tine B. Iloiton, Houston, Jewett, Gcoigc W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kuhvell, Lake, Loiter, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQueen. Mcacham,
Smith Miller, Millson, Mooi e, Morrill, Packer, Peny, l'cttit,
Phelps, Powell, Pmvianee, Puiyear, Uuitmau, Reade,
Rivers, Roberts, I!nflm,Sabm, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William It Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Taltiott, Tap-
pan, Tayloi, Thurslon, Todd, Trafton, Ti ippe, Walbiidge,
Warner, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wngllt, and John
V. Wright—87.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. STANTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resoh-cd, That the daily hour of meeting of the House
shall be at eleven o'clock a. m., until otheiwise ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask what has become of the
Nebraska contested-election case, which was
before the House this morning.
The SPEAKER. It was superseded by a
"motion to suspend the rales.
Mr. JONES. Well, I submit whether it was
in order to move to suspend the rules while that
question was pending before the House ? The
Chair will see, by looking at the rules, that when
any business whatever is before the House, no
motions are in order except the motion to adjourn,
the motion to lay on the table, the motion to
postpone, &c. Now, sir, it was in order to move
to postpone this election case until to-morrow;
but I submit that it was not in order to move to
take up any other business until that was disposed
of in some way. .
The SPEAKER. The resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections were m order
under the rules of the House as a matter of priv-
ilege, and would have been decided by the House,
if nothing had intervened to prevent; but the
motion was made to suspend the rules, and the
practice of the House has been to receive the
motion on Monday.
Mr. JONES. But the Chair will find, if he
will turn to the rule, that when any business is
before the House, no motion shall be in order
except a motion to adjourn, a motion to lay on
the table, &c. No other motions whatever are in
order except those there enumerated.
The SPEAKER. The motions to which the
gentleman from Tennessee refers, apply to every
question that is before the House. But there is
also a rule which makes it competent for the
House on this day to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES. I hold that the business before
the House must be gotton out of the way before
any motion to suspend the rules can be enter-
tained. I ask for the reading of the rule.
The 46th rule was read, as follows:
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to he on the table, for the pievious
question, to postpone to a day certain, to commit or amend,
to pocpoiie indefinitely ; wlncll several motions shall have
precedence m the order in which they are arranged, and
no motion to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
postpone indefinitely, bemgdecided, shall again he allowed
on the same day and at the same stage of the bill or proposi-
tion."
Mr. JONES. Now, sir, that rule declares that
no motion shall be entertained when a question
is under debate, except such as are there men-
tioned. I hold, therefore, that under the 46th
rule a motion to suspend the rules is not in order
while the election case is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The 46th rule operates upon
the business of the House m every day's session
except that of Monday. On Monday the rules
allow motions to suspend the rules to be made,
and the rule applies to questions of privilege as
well as to those of any other character.
Mr. JONES. I submit this question to the
House 
Mr. STANTON. I call the gentleman from
Tennessee to order.
Mr. JONES. I am stating a question of order.
I submit this question to the House: Suppose
the House suspends the rules, and the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio is fairly before the
House: would it be in order then to make an-
other motion to suspend the rules before that
resolution was disposed of'
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, the effect is precisely
the same, whether the question comes before the
House in one way or another. Whenever a ques-
tion is fairly before the House, it is not compe-
tent for the Speaker to entertain any motion
except those enumerated in the 46th rule.
The SPEAKER. The practical effect of the
construction given to the rules by the gentleman
from Tennessee, would be to prevent any motion
being submitted to suspend the rales, for there is
never a moment that something is not before the
House. The uniform practice has been to receive
motions to suspend the rules on Monday, and
the Chair thinks it is obligatory on him to enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES. What is before the House now
but the Nebraska contested-election case?
The SPEAKER. That is the question in
order.
Mr. JONES. Then no motion has precedence
of that question until it is disposed of. It is a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, this morning,
called the States for resolutions under the rule.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Watson] called
up a question of privilege. The gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Cliyoma\',] obtaining the
floor regularly, interrupted the question of privi-
lege by"a motion for a suspension of the rules.
The Chair holds that, on this day, it is in order
to move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES. If a motion be made to suspend
the rules of the House, and a question of privi-
lege is called up, does not the latter question take
precedence, for the reason that questions of privi-
lege take precedence of all other propositions?
"The SPEAKER. A question of privilege rests
on a rule of the House; and if the House chooses
so to do, it has the power on this day to suspend
that as well as other rules. This is a question
for the discretion of the House, and not for the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Tennes-
see is in error m this particular. It would be in
order to object to receiving any proposition out
of order; but when the rules have been suspended
for that purpose, the proposition must be conr
sidered.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. Is
there objection to the introduction of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. RUFPIN. Yes, sir, I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the rules b?
suspended that the resolution may be introduced
and adopted; and on that motion 1 ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bishop, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Buflinton, Bur-
net, Cadwalader, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile. Caskie,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingoiaii, Williamsou
II. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Craige, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt,
Diekson, Dodd, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott,
Emrie, Eiheridge, Evans, Foster, Giddings, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Haven, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey,
Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Lake,
Leiter, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Matte>on, MoCarty,
Killian Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Perry,
Pellit, Pike, Porter, Powell, Pnngle, Pumanee, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart,
Stranahan. Tappan, Tlioriniiton, Trafton, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, EUihu B.
Wasnbunie, Watson, Wood, and Woodworth—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Bar ksdale, Bell, HendleyS.
Bennett, John P. Campbell, Cullen, Denver, Dowdell,
Eustis, Florence, Goode, Thomas L. Harris, Houston,
George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Knox, Letcher,
Lindlev, Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQ.ueen, Meacbam, An-
drew Oliver, Packer, Pelton, Phelps, Roberts, Ruffin, Sav-
age, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Talboit. Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Vail, War-
nei, Israel Washburn, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—Jo.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SCOTT stated that Mr. Harrison was
too unwell to be m attendance on the sessions of
the House. .
Mr. JEWETT stated that ho had paired off
with Mr. Bliss, and therefore could not vote.
Mr. THORINGTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Halt., had paired off with Mr. Holloway
for the present week.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CRAIGE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion. that I may submit an amendment to the
resolution.
Mr. STANTON. What is the nature of the
amendment?   .
Mr. CRAIGE. That the daily sessions of this
House commence hereafter at nine, a. m.; and that
the Speaker of this House, and the President pro
tempore of the Senate adjourn their respective
bodies Sine die on the 28th of July instant.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot withdraw the call
for that purpose. .
Mr. TODD. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. EUSTIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question, m
order that I may submit an amendment.
Mr. STANTON. What is your amendmenti
Mr! GREENWOOD. It is as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the President
pro tempore of the Senate, and the Speakei ot the House of
Representatives, adjourn sine die their respective Houses on
Monday, the 11th clay of August next, at twelve o clock, m,
Mr. STANTON. I cannot withdraw the call,
for amendments to fix the day of the adjourn-
ment of the session.
Mr TONES, of Tennessee. Is it m order to
move' to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
taking up the Senate resolution fixing the (lay
of adjournment of the session?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order.
Mr. JONES. For what reason.'
The SPEAKER. Because the resolution be-
fore the House is up for consideration under a
suspension of the rules, and.it is the uniform
