1856.]
appendix to the congressional globs.
SI
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
received or sickness incurred in the course of such service,
shall be entitled to receive a certificate or warrant from the
War Department for the quantity of one hundred and sixty
acres, and which may be located by the warrantee, or Ins
heirs at law, at anv land office of the United States, in one
bodv, and in conformity to the legal subdivisions of the
public lands."
Again, on the 28th of September, 1850, a gen-
eral law was approved, granting land -warrants
to all the soldiers, not only of the war of 1812,
(including many who were not previously entitled
to land warrants,) but also to all those who had
served in any of the Indian wars in which the
Government of the United States had been
' engaged, and conferring on them the privilege to
locate said land warrants on any of the public
lands belonging to the Government of the United
States, in quantities varying from forty to one
hundred and sixty acres each. Since then, it will
be remembered, that an additional law has been
passed, allowing every individual who may have
fceen engaged in the service of the United States
as a soldier, or as an officer, who may not pre-
viously have received the maximum of one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and who may have j
been engaged m service for fourteen orfifteen days,
the right to locate one hundred and sixtv acres,
deducting therefroni the quantity which he may
have previously received. Underthese several acts 1
of Congress an immense quantity of public land i
has been located in the State of Iowa, from which |
she has not been permitted to derive the five per
centum contemplated in the compact to whicn I
have referred tne Senate; and on a large propor-
tion of it, perhaps, she is not permitted to levy
taxes, as she would have done had these lands
been bought with money. In both ways she has
lost a considerable amount, to which she is in
justice and equity entitled under the plain legal
intendment of the act supplemental to the act for
her admission into the Union. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Public .Lands.
THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. SOLOMON FOOT,
OP VERMONT,
In the Senate, February 5, 1856,
On the motion to refer to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions the Letter of Lord John Russell, which was com-
munieacd by the President in answer to a resolution of
the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I have read with
some care, and with much interest, the diplomatic
correspondence between Mr. Buchanan and Lord
Clarendon, upon the points in dispute between
the two Governments with respect to the con-
struction of the convention of April 19, 1850,
with Great Britain, popularly called the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. I have listened with much satis-
faction, and with equal instruction, to the debates
upon this subject as they have been thus far con-
ducted by the learned and able Senators from !
Michigan and New York, [Messrs. Cass and
Sewabd.] I have also examined with some at-
tention, in this connection, the treaty itself; and
1 will say in the outset, that so clear and explicit
i« the language of that treaty, that it would hardly
seem to be susceptible of a serious doubt as to its
true construction and import. Having in view
the objects and purposes of the treaty, and the
position of the two Governments at the time, it
would really seem to admit of but one interpreta-
tion; but if a doubt rested upon the mind of any
one before on that point, I think that doubt must
be entirely removed after reading the correspond-
ence that has been laid before us.
Mr. President, I am not among the admirers
ofMr. Buchanan. I have no personal or political
predilections in his favor. On the contrary, all
the prejudices of my life—if you may be plea3ed
to call them so—are against him. But I express
only the convictions of my judgment when I say
that his argument in favor of the American con-
struction of this treaty may be truly character-
ized as one of consummate ability. I concur
with the honorable Senator from Michigan in
•saying that it is clear, full, and conclusive; and
though an attempt has been made at an answer,
it yet remains unanswered only because it is un-
answerable. He has successfully met Lord Clar-
Nbw Series—No. 6
endon's argument at every point, and completely
refuted it, and thrown it to the winds. No point
has been left uncleared of doubt, and no sophism
of the ndble lord unexposed. The argument is
not only a most able and masterly one, but, as it
seems to me, it completely exhausts the subject,
and leaves little or nothing more to be said in
vindication of the American construction.
I am unable to conceive that any American cit-
izen can rise from a careful examination of this
correspondence without a clear conviction—a sat-
isfactory assurance, that his own Government is
altogetherin the right,and the British Government
altogether in the wrong, upon the questions in
controversy; nor, indeed, without a sentiment of
conscious pride that the rights and the honor of
his own Government have been so clearly and
1 triumphantly sustained by the American Minis-
ter against the assumptions, not to say the soph-
istries, of the British Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
I cannot omit to add, in this connection, that the
instructions emanating from our State Department
to the Minister at St. James upon this subject,
are marked with an equal degree of Ibree and
ability, and command an equal measure of our
commendation.
It is not now, Mr. President, a question with
us—it has, indeed, never been a question with us
—as to what is the true construction and meaning
of this treaty, so far forth, at any rate, as it per-
tains to the obligations of the British Government
to withdraw any colony, or settlement, or actual
occupancy she then had, or now has, from all and
from every part oP Central America, comprising
the Republics of Guatemala, Honduras, San
Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica; or so far
forth as it pertains to her obligation not to ex-
ercise any dominion whatever over any portion
of that territory. The language of the treaty,
to this extent, at any rate, seems to be too clear
and too plain to be misinterpreted or to be misun-
derstood. This question is no longer a debatable
one among ourselves. I apprehend that the mere
question of the construction of the treaty is no
longer to be considered as an open one between
us and the British Government. If I apprehend
aright the views and the purposes of our own ex-
ecutive Government, all discussion upon the con-
struction of the treaty—and the relative rights and
tral America, she has not the shadow of a rightfhl
claim to any possession or occupancy there what-
ever; that England has not the shadow of a claim
or color of title to the country south of the Siboon,
nor to the Bay Islands, whether they lie within
the limits of Central America or not; and there-
fore, whether they come within the provisions of
the treaty or not. And as to her present claim,
to maintain her settlements and occupancy on the
Mosquito coast, under and by virtue of her an-
cient protectorate, by reference to the debates
in the British House of Commons, in 1792, it will
be found that William Pitt, then Chancellor of the
Exchequer, upon opening the budget for that
year, demanded, among other things, indemnity
for the settlers who had been removed under the
treaty of 1783 from that coast—nine years after
the treaty, as the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] suggests to me, and to whom I am in-
debted for this reference—which will be found in
the speech of Mr. Pitt, delivered in the House of
Commons on the 17th of February, 1792, on
" Revenue and Expenditure,"and is contained in
the third volume of Chapman's Select Speeches,
on the 201st page.
Several Senators. Read the passage.
Mr. FOOT. I am asked to read the passage ill
which this item is embraced. It is as follows:
''Various miscellaneous services, including the expenses
of African ports, of the mint, of roads in Scotland, of main-
tenance and transportation of convicts, the sum paid for
printing journals, and some other articles, and particularly,
; compensation to the owners of African vessels for losses
' sustained bythe late regulations,ami likewise to the settlert
removed in the year 1785 from the Mosquito shore, amount-
. ing, in the whole, to £114,000."
Here, then, we have the admission, by public
declaration in Parliament, that in pursuance of
the stipulations of the treaty of 1783, the Govern-
i ment of Great Britain had removed her settlers
! from the Mosquito coast, and made indemnity to
them for such removal; and therefore that she
professedly no longer retained any right of set-
tlement there.
These claims, Mr. President, one and all, rest
upon no other foundation than that of an unau-
thorized encroachment upon the territory of other
and very feeble Governments. It will be found
in every instance that it is a sheer case of forcible
entry and detainer. They are founded in no right
obligations of the parties under it—is now to be j of discovery, of conquest, of purchase, or of
regarded as finally and forever closed. All that jj treaty. These claims rest upon no better foun-
remains, then, for the American'Government now,
is to urge and to insist that her Majesty's Gov-
ernment shall " duly observe and keep'' all the
obligations to which her faith and honor are
plighted by this treaty.
dation, in right and justice, than the claim of the
highwayman, who holds your purse by main
strength, and bids you help yourself if you can.
Mr. CASS. That is true.
Mr. FOOT. But, sir, we have no occasion to
And I hardly need to say, sir, that the due ob- j! go back of the treaty in order to look into the
■ervance of these obligations of the treaty requires
of her Majesty's Government the immediate sur-
render of any actual occupancy, or the exercise
of any dominion, she may nave upon the Mosquito
coast, which she is now claiming the right to
hold, and is now exercising under the pretext or
by virtue of holding some sort of indefinite and
indefinable protectorate over its people. It also
requires of her the discontinuance of whatever set-
tlements or occupancy she may have in that section
of the country lying between the Siboon and the
Sarstoon rivers, and which she is now claiming
the right to settle and occupy as being a part of
British Honduras or the Belize, although lying
wholly exterior to the limits of the Belize, as de-
fined by the treaty of Great Britain with old Spain
in 1786, and renewed with Mexico in 1826. It
also requires of her the immediate and total with-
drawal of her "colony of the Bay Islands,"
which she is now claiming the right to hold and
to colonize, as being the " proper dependencies"
of British Honduras, although lying more than
four hundred miles from the coast of the Belize,
and within sight of the coast of the State of Hon-
duras, and within thirty miles of its principal
port town of Truxillo.
Mr. President, it would be a waste of time and
a work of supererogation to enter upon an exam-
ination into the origin and foundation of these
several claims, after they have been so thoroughly
sifted by the diplomatic correspondence and by the
debate here upon the subject. I undertake to say,
however, that such an examination would show,
as it has already been made to appear, that, inde-
pendently of her exclusion by the treaty from Cen-
validity of her titles, inasmuch as all those pos-
sessions of England clearly come within the limits
of what is understood ana known as constituting
political Central America, as the correspondence,
and the debates, and all history show, and there-
fore, within the provisions and operation of the
treaty.
Sir, I am not about to enter into a discussion
of these points. The ground has all been trav-
eled over in advance, and particularly by my
honorable friend from New York the other day.
I should only be able to repeat what has been
better and more forcibly said by him and by
others. Nor shall I stop to discuss so ridiculous
a pretension of the British Minister, as that tho
Bay Islands come within the exception of the
declaration of the American negotiator at the
time of the exchange of ratifications; to wit, that
" the treaty was not understood to include the
British settlements in Honduras, nor the small
| islands in the neighborhood kyown as its depend-
i encies." This pretension appears all the more
preposterous when we consider that there is a
group of small islands within three leagues of the
coast of British Honduras, which exactly an-
swers to the words of that declaration, without
j going off more than four hundred miles to the
large and important island of Roatan and the
i other Bay Islands, as alone answering to the de-
scriptive words of the declaration: " small islands
in the neighborhood of the British settlement at
the Belize, and which may be known as its de-
pendencies." Sir, it is all an afterthought—a
mere subterfuge—and altogether unworthy of that
mighty mistress of the seas, who vaunts herself
