92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
to an absent man. Mr. Talbott rooms in the
same house with me. A few moments before he
left for Kentucky, he stated to me that he had
not paired off—that he had endeavored to do so,
but could not; but that the message which he had
received from his family imperatively demanded
at his hands that he should return. He said that
under the circumstances he regretted that he had
to go, but that he must do so. I feelit proper for
me to make this statement here, so that no injus-
tice may be done' to anybody.
Mr. FLORENCE. I saw Mr. Talbott after
that, sir. I saw him when he left.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sup-
posing you did, what about that?
Mr. FLORENCE. And I made that arrange-
ment for him.
Several Members. With whom?
Mr. GROW. If my colleague [Mr. Flor-
ence] failed to pair off the vote of a gentleman
for whom he contracted to d<?so, that is his own
fault.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me tell my colleague
[Mr. Grow] that he is not to take my conduct
into his keeping.
Mr. GROW. Of course not; I am not at-
tempting to do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am the best judge of
what I ought myself to do, and I want no men-
tor. If I did, I would not care to have- the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] for one;
though I am much disposed to accord a little de-
pendence on my friend here. [Laughter.]
Mr. GROW. I am not looking out for the
honor of Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. The truth of the matter
is this, that there has been a little mistake somi^
where; and I tell you, Mr. Clerk, that I am
usually watchful and energetic. [Laughter.]
Probably I was at fault yesterday; but that will
not occur again, that's all.
The Clerk continued the calling of the roll, and
announced the result of the vote as above.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
ask the indulgence of the House for one moment.
I am opposed to any further balloting for Speaker
for the rest of the day. [Loud cries of" Oh, no !"]
There have been intimations made hero which,
in my judgment, reflect on the honor of one gen-
tleman who lias been voted for as Speaker of this
House. [Cries of " No, no! not at all."]
There have been charges made on this floor,
which, if proved, would, lam perfectly satisfied,
unfit him for that position—charges which would
forbid any man of honor, according to my con-
ception of the term, to continue their support of
him. These revelations are suspended for a
time, in consequence of the absence of some of
the members of the House,' who have it in their
power to implicate in these revelations certain
other members. And, sir, there arc other things
that might be told; there are other revelations that
might be made, which, if they are made, and if
they are proved, as I have had intimations that
they will be 
A Member. Give it. Give it now.
Mr. MARSHALL. I give it when I please,
and not till then. I know when to speak, and I
shall not give it at the dictation of any member
on this floor. 1 state emphatically, that if these
revelations of which I have had some intimation
are made, and are proved, there is not one honor-
able man m this body—unless I am grossly mis-
taken—who would dare to record his vote for a
man for whom the votes of gentlemen in this
House have been recorded, and then go before
his constituents with that record and these proofs
before them. I therefore move that the ballotings
of the House be dispensed with for the day, and
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to say but a few
words before that question is put.
The CLERK. The Clerk must state that the
motion to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. GROW. But I should like to know how
the motion to adjourn is before the House. I
understood the. gentleman from Indiana to have
the floor, and -He certainly has not yielded it for
the purpose of allowing the motion to be made.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
Air. Marshall] made the motion before he
took his seat, and it is therefore property before
the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, if the gentleman from Indiana
desires to speak.
Mr. COLFAX. I think the time of the House
could be more profitably spent than in the ques-
tioning and cross-questioning that has gone on
this morning. The gentleman from Kentucky,
and other, gentlemen upon this floor, have this
morning indulged in some dark and vague insin-
uations as to the character of the gentleman for
whom I have been voting for Speaker upon this
floor; but that gentleman on this, as on all other
occasions, has triumphantly vindicated himself
from the insinuations; like true gold, the more
he is rubbed, the brighter he shines. And, sir,
all attacks made upon his character, panoplied as
he has shown himself to be in an armor of recti-
tude, will fall harmless upon his unstained es-
cutcheon. Sir, this House is not the place for
the investigation of idle rumors of the bar-room.
Sir, I might put questions to certain gentlemen
upon this floor. All kinds of rumors have been
currentin thiscity. I, too, have heard idle rumors,
but I have not considered this the place for their
investigation, nor did I consider them worthy of
serious consideration, and I have not therefore
noticed them.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL." I
have merely to say, as to any impressions he
may have received of me, that he is welcome ta
ask me any questions he may choose, either as
to bar-room rumors or any other rumors.
Mr. COLPAX. I have no questions to ask
the gentleman, nor have I heard any rumors in
relation to him.
Mr. MILLWARD. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to the expression, " bar-room," which the
gentleman makes use of, that the room to which
1 made allusion was a public room in the National
Hotel.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me make my meaning
plain. I have no questions to ask. I stated that
I had heard rumors. I did hear a rumor, which
I did not believe, in reference to the distinguished
Representative from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] for whom a portion of the members on this
floor have been voting; but I did not feel author-
ized in consequence to rise in my place and ask
that distinguished gentleman whether these idle
rumors floating on the wind were or were not
true.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Do I under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana entertains
any suspicions as to the honesty of my course?
Mr. COLFAX. None at all. I stated that I
had heard an idle rumor, but that, like those
made against Mr. Banks, it was not worthy of
notice in this Hall.
A Member. What was it?
Mr. COLFAX. I did hear it stated that the
distinguished member from Pennsylvania had
expressed the opinion that Mr. Whitfield was
the legally elected Delegate from the Territory
of Kansas. I do not charge it upon that gentle-
man. I do not say I believe it is true. I only
state that there was an idle rumor floating about
outside the Hall to that effect, showing thereby
that the gentleman from Massachusetts is not the
only one whose name has been thus used.
Mr. FULLER. I have said nothing. I know
nothing upon the subject of contested elections
that would prevent me from examining them
most fairly; and any rumor to the contrary is
utterly false. I stigmatize as a liar any man who
has given utterance to any such insinuation
against me.
Mr. COLFAX. I said before expressly, as
I repeat again, that I believed the rumor was
untrue; and I only adduced it to prove how use-
less and futile were all these questions and cross-
questions. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. BanksJ had, as well as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] heard nothing of
these rumors before they had expression on the
floor of this Hou se. They receive an utter denial
from them both; and if other rumors were brought
to the bar of this House for their adjudication,
they would doubtless all of them be proved to be
without the least foundation in truth. And, Mr.
Clerk, there is no reason, because of the existence
of rumors on one side or the other, that the bal-
loting for Speaker should be suspended. It is our
duty as intelligent citizens, as Representatives of
those who sent us here, to organize the House,
and, disregarding all rumors, to vote in accordance
with our convictions of what is right. Let us take
the responsibility for our votes. We are not re-
sponsible for our votes to any other than those
who sentus here, and at that tribunal I am ready
and willing to answer for all my acts.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL ob-
tained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. Have I not the
floor ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
has the floor. He yielded it to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] for the purpose of
explanation.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Clerk, I will state
that, so far as I am concerned and those of my
friends on this floor, we have asked pledges at the
hands of nobody. I want no pledge. Istandhere
on my rights, and place my entire reliance in the
justice of my cause.
Mr. MARSHALL. I renew, Mr. Clerk, the
proposition which I made and withdrew a moment
ago, for the purpose of letting the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] explain, that the House
do now adjourn, in order that there may be proper
investigation into the charges which have been
presented to-day, and with a view, too, of afford-
ing opportunity for the investigation of other
charges which, in all probability, will be made,
of a deeper and blacker character. I have no
reference to any reports from any quarter. I do
not speak of the floating rumors of the day. I
do not pretend to present them here as any reason
why this body should now adjourn, with a view
to their investigation. I speak and I refer to
charges of a darker character than any which
have been made. They have been made, and I
trust that they will be made again, and that they
will be either proved or disproved.
Charges of this kind, sir, are nothing new. It
is no new thing for us to hear of propositions
having come from some quarter or another to
gentlemen on this floor, and prominently on this
floor. Has the House forgotten that not many
days ago, the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] in declining as he did, most
gracefully, and as I believe most properly, any
further contest for the speakership of the House,
announced here, in the hearing of every gentle-
man now present, that he might, perhaps, have
obtained that high position. If I misquote his
words, I am willing to stand corrected. He an-
nounced that he could not continue that contest
with hope of success, without pursuing a course
which would have degraded him in his own esti-
mation, and rendered him an object for the just
contempt of his fellow-citizens. I will not pre-
tend to ask that gentleman, as has been before
done, from what quarter these propositions came.
I know full well from where they came. It is
palpable to every member of this House. It
requires no great effort on the part of anybody
to know it. It has been distinctly, but I think
unnecessarily, disavowed by the Democratic
party of the House. I disavow any such prop-
osition, and I think equally without necessity,
in behalf of that party with which it has been
my pride to act.
Who made that dishonorable proposition, that
would have degraded the man to whom it was
presented and equally degrades the proposer?
Who made it? It was notthe Democratic party;
it was not the American party; then who did
make it ? From what quarter could the proposi-
tions have come ? Who desired that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] should give up
his well-known opinions on the subject of sla-
very ? Nobody could have asked him to do that,
knowing how often he had advocated them and
how well they were understood. Who desired
him to give up his opinions of Americanism ?
The only party that could have asked him that
question was the Democratic party, or those who
are acting in bad faith with the American party
in this House—men who have united themselves
to that party, in my judgment, on the same prin-
ciple and with the same motive that a certain
graceless scamp in Kentucky sought a matrimo-
nial connection. He said, when remonstrated
with, that he wanted to marry for neither money
nor love, but simply that he might disgrace the
family. [Laughter.] And that is the only reason
