1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July £1,
practice of the House not to entertain a motion
to suspend the rules under such circumstances.
Mr. JONES. The uniform practice of this
session.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. If I were to move to recon-
sider the vote ordering the main question to be
put, would I have a right to debate the proposi-
tion ?
The.SPEAKER. If the House review its
proceedings, and then refuse to order the previous
question, it will be competent for the gentleman
to debate the proposition.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 12d, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, ileudley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham,
Bi.vhop, Bliss, Biadshaw, Brenton, Buflinton, Burlmgame,
Burnett, Cachvaiader, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caruth-
crs, Caskie, Ezra Clark, Clavvson, Chngman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragm, Craige, Craw-
ford, Cumback, Damrell,Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards,
Elliott, Emne, English, Etheridge, Evans, Foster, Giddings,
Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harld.ii, J.
Morrison Harris, Haven, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Kelly, Relsey, Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Leiter, Lumpkin, Humphiey
Marshall, Matteson, Killian Miller, Millson, Mootc, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Feck,
Terry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Powell, Piingle, Purviauce, Pur-
year, (iuitman, Reade, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Sp.nner, Stanton, Stew-
art, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton,
Trippc, Undenvood, V.tlk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Watdron, Warner, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watson, Welch,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Woodvvoith—1*28.
Nf \Y8—Messis. Aiken, Ball, Barksdale, Bell, John P.
Campbell, Denver, Eu«ti<:3 Thomas L. Ilarri-j, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Knox, Letchcr,
Lindley, MeMulhn, McQueen, Meaeham, Snnth Miller,
Andicw Oliver, Packer, Pelton, Pennington, Phclp-, Iti-
caud, U tiffin, Savage, Shorter, Stephens, Talhott, Tavloi,
Todd, Vail, Israel Washburn, Wells, Daniel B, Wfight,
and John V. Wright—37.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that on this question
lie had paired off with Mr. Hiwiiston, who was
in favor of the resolution, whilst he (Mr. F.) was
against it.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. JONES. Is the resolution adopted?
The WEAKER. It is.
Mi\ JONES. And the House meets ateleven
o'clock heictifit-r?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. JON&S. I wish to call the attention of the
Speaker and members of the House to the first
rule, and to say, thatan observance of the require-
ments of Us provisions will be insisted on.
The rule was read, and is as follows:
" He [the Speaker] shall take the chair every day pre-
cisely at the hour to which the llouse shall have adjourned
on the preceding day ; ahull immediately cull the members
lo oi (l.'r; and, on the appearance of a quorum, shall cause
the Journal of the preceding day to be lead."
The SPEAKER. The requirement of the rule
will be attended to.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table was then agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Arbitry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles: !
An act to amend an act, passed December 31, I
1792, entitled "An act concerning the registering 1
and recording of ships or vessels;" and
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Delaware breakwater, j
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
proving for the adjournment of the two Houses '
of Congress sine die on the 11th day of August |
Jiext, at twelve o'clock, m.; m which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House. |
NATURALIZATION LAWS. J
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous !'
consent of the House to report back from the i j
Committee on the Judiciary, a bill to establish a
uruform rule of naturalization, with a substitute :
therefor, and ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 165)
to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and
to repeal all acts heretofore passed and now in
force upon that subject; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and with the substitute ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which a bill (H. R. No. 73,
to provide for carrying into effect the first article
of the treaty between the United States and her
Majesty the Q,ueen of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, of the 15th day of
June, 1856, was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Smith] was assigned the floor, and
the gentleman from New Jersey cannot take the
floor from him to call up that motion.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The Senate have
just sent to us a joint resolution, fixing the day
of adjournment on the 11th of August. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take it up
now for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. SMITH. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The joint resolution of the Senate was then
_ read, and is as foliows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the of the Senate, anil the Speaker of the
Flou-se oi' Representatives, adjourn their respective Houses
sine die on Monday, the llih of August next, at twelve
o'clock, mendiun.
Mr. DUNN. I will send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment to the Senate resolution, which I
propose to offer at the proper time, and ask that
it may be read for information.
No objection being made, the proposed amend-
ment was read, and is as follows:
Provided, That on or before that day an act shall have
passed both blanches of Congress, and lcceived the exec-
utive sanction, lor the settlement of tSie troubles m Kansas ;
and which shall contain, amongst its provisions, one rees-
tablishing, m terms or m substance, m said Terntory, and
also in the Temtory of Nebraska, the lcstnction against
slavery a* it was imposed by the eighth section of the act
ol the 6th of March, 1820, whereby the State of Missouri
was admitted into the Union,
Mr. MEACHAM. I send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment, which 1 ask to have read for in-
formation.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. 1 ask that the amendment
which I have sent up may be read for information.
I only ask exactly what was granted to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana is not before the House.
It was only read for information.
Mr. MEACHAM. Well ,1 ask that my amend-
ment may be read.
Mr. SXiORTEli. I object. [Criesof "No,"
" No."]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
amendment cannot be read.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman ob-
jects, is it not the right of the House to decide
the question whether or not it shall be read?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not understand
that the House is to take any vote upon the
amendment, and I suppose it is the right of any
member to object, I do not object myself, but"!
want the action of tho House upon the matter
immediately.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is
that, where a paper relates to a question before
the House, the reading of it can be called for by
any single member; but this is not exactly such
a paper.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the amend-
ment be read to the House for information.
Thr. nvjtion way agreed, to.
The amendment was then read, and is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, (The Senate concurring,) that this Congress take
a recess from the 4th of August to'the 2Uth day ot October,
1856, provided that no extia mileage be paid any member,
or any per diem during the recess.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 46; as
follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P,
Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragm,
Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Davidson, Timothy Davis, De
Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Edwards, Elliott, English,
Ethendge, Eustis, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Gilbert,
Coode, Granger, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas
L. Hams, Ilaven, Thomas R. Horton, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Joues. Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell, King,
Knight, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexan-
der K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell,
McCarty, MeMulhn, McQueen, Meacliam, Killian Miller,
Smith Miller, Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Packer, Peck, Pelton, Phelps, Porter,
Powell, Pringlc, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ricaud, Rivers,
Ruffin, Sage, Savage, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stew-
art, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Tnppe,
Wade, Wakeman, Warner, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Williams, Wood.vorth, Daniel B.
Wnght, and John V. Wright—120.
NAYS.—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Bishop, Rradshaw, Lewis T). Campbell, Clawson,
Damrell, Dean, Denver, Dunn, Durfee, Emrie, Evans,
Galloway, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Valentine B, Horton,
Knapp, Knowlton, Millson, Parker, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Purviauce, Robbms, Roberts, Sabm, Sapp,
Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Stranahan, Thoring-
ton, Trafton, Valk, Walbridge, Wdldron, Watson, Welch,
Wells, and Whitney—46.
So two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was taken
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call for the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the call
for the previous question, that I may move an
amendment, making the day of adjournment two
weeks from to-day, and then let the House vote
on both the days named.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot withdraw the call, for
I am satisfied that it would only result in the loss
of time.
The question being on seconding tho previous
question, the Speaker on a division announced—
ayes 64, noes 87.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, so as to let the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] submit his proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The vote has been taken,
and tellers have been called. The gentleman,
therefore, cannot withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question except by unanimous consent.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burn^, of Illinois, and Phelps were appointed.
Mr. DUNN. Js it in older, at this time, to
move to lay thf whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is'm order.
Mr. DUNN. Then I make the motion; and
on that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Bishop, Brad*haw, Broom, Lewis D. Campb<11,
Clawton, Cumback. Damrell, Dean, Dunn. Durtce. Emne,
Evans, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, K^rmeit, 'Kiump, Knowl-
man, Simmons, Stranahan, Thonmxion, Trafton, Valk,
Walbndge, Waldron, Wataun, Welch, Wells, Wood, and
Woodwoith—54.
1VAYS—Me^ais. Aiken, Barksdale, Heiulley S Bennett,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bhv, Bienton, Buffinton, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Garble, CanuhciK, Caskie, Chalice, JSzia
Clark, Williamson II. W. Cohb, Colfax, Comins, Cox,
Cragm, Craige, Ciawlord, Culler. Davidson. Timothy
Davis, Denver, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Edwards,
English, Etheriduo, Eihus, Florence, Foster,'Guiding!5,
Gillieit, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris. Haven, Thomas K. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones. Kelly,
KeLey, Kidwell, Kins, Knmht, Knox, Leitei, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, McMullin, MeQucen, Smith
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Murray, NirhoK Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Packer, Pock, Ph<>lp-*, Powdl, Prmglo, Quitman,
Reade, Rieand, Rivers, RuiVm, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
