1856.]
APPENDIX TO TH£ CGJSGRES5I&&AL GLOS&
M
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
the Senators who voted for the treaty, and he
was a member of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations at the time.
Mr. FOOT. I am about to refer to that very-
fact. I say that this whole statement rests on the
most vague and general assertions, and upon the
recollection of an incidental conversation which
occurred more than five and a half years ago. It
has not the substance of a "fleeting shadow."
Before they cite the authority of Mr. Webster's
great name in support of so defenseless a cause,
we demand of them to bring to us something
more substantial, something more tangible, more
reliable, and more definite. Let them bring to
us some memorandum, some letter, some official
communication, any written document, public
or private, wherein Mr. Webster expressed the
opinion, now for the first time imputed to him.
Then, and not till then, let them cite the authority
of Mr. Webster's imputed opinions against us
on this question. It is much safer-to impute
opinions to a man after he is dead, and of which
he has left no record, than while he is living, and
can confront them.
But, sir, we do not leave this question jast
here. I will now refer to the fact suggested by
my honorable friend from Delaware. Mr. Web-
ster's character and position, and, above all, the
course which he pursued in reference to this very
treaty itself, we bring in contravention Of the
opinions imputed to him by the British Minis-
ters. It so happens that Mr. Webster, at the
time of the ratification of the treaty, was a mem-
ber of this body. It so happens that he was, as
my honorable friend from Delaware suggests, a
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to whom this treaty was referred. The treaty
was fully examined and discussed both in the
committee and in the Senate. It was understood
by the committee; it was understood by the Sen-
ate; it was understood by every member of the
Senate, I venture to say, that the effect of the
treaty was such as to impose upon England the
obligation forthwith to resign all her possessions
in Central America; and with that understanding,
and upon that alone, the treaty was ratified. I
submit to any Senator here, then, a member of
this body, if it be not so. [A general assent was
signified.] The only question in dispute, which
Afterwards arose, was whether or not it embraced
the British settlement at the Belize ? Mr. Web-
ster certainly understood the views of his com-
mittee and of the Senate as to the effect of the
treaty upon the British possessions; and is it to
be presumed that he entertained a view differing
from all his colleagues, and yet said nothing about
it? His very silence upon the point at the time
is a sufficient answer to this inqujry. It affords
the strongest presumptive evidence that he agreed
hi opinion with his colleagues on that question.
I ask again, is it to be pre«umed that, if Mr.
Webster entertained the opinions imputed to him
by Lord Clarendon and Sir Henry Bulwer, di-
rectly in opposition to the views of his associates
of the committee and of the Senate, he would not
have expressed them—that he would not have
made them known—that he would not have even
intimated them ? Sir, it is incredible; k is impos-
sible; it is not true. The high character and posi-
tion of Mr. Webster, as a citizen, as a Senator,
as a statesman, and as a patriot, forbid this im-
peachment. The Queen's Minister can take
nothing by his motion in attempting to bring to
his aid the imputed opinions of Daniel Webster.
I stand here to-day, though it be with feefble arm,
to rescue from the; unholy imputation, the fair
fame of that illustrious American citizen, who,
by common accord, the world over, is recognized
as the intellectual monarch of the age in which
he lived.
But, sir, we are advised by his lordship, the
Earl of Clarendon, in his final note to Mr. Buch-
anan, that heT Majesty's Government adheres
and will adhere to the construction of the treaty
according to his exposition of it; that her Ma-
jesty's Government still insists and will insist
upon the continuance and the maintenance of all
the possessions in Central America which she
held at the time of the treaty; and I will say here,
hi passing, that she has considerably enlarged
those possessions since the treaty, by the occu-
pation and colonization, not only of Roatan and
Bonacca, but of all the other Bay Islands, f5ve or
six in number, which are all, without disputa-
tion, the "proper dependencies," not of British
Honduras, but of the independent State or Re-
public of Honduras. On the other hand, our Gov-
ernment as strenuously adheres to the construct
tion of the treaty as expounded to the British
Government by Mr. Buchanan, and as it is tin -
derstood by every intelligent American citizen;
and ~we are bound, therefore, by every consider-
ation of public interest, and by every sentiment
of national honor, to insist and demand that her
Majesty's Government shall at once surrender aSl
these possessions, not only as hostile to our na-
tional interests, not only as incompatible with
the plain provisions of the treaty itself, but as a
oalpablo violation of her own conventional ob-
ligations.
Here, then, sir,the partieB aredirectlyat issue;
and the question very naturally arises, what is to
be done ? My answer is, stand up to the treaty.
The answer of your interest and of your honor,
! of reason and of justice, is, stand fast by the
treaty, by the American interpretation of the
treaty, and to the infbrcement of all its require-
ments. The practical question, however, Still
recurs, what shall be done provided England still
adheres to the determination of never surrender-
ing any of her possessions in Central America ?
It is not worth while to be very tender-footed or
mealy-mouthed on this subject; but let us speak
out, and speak plainly and directly to the point.
I quite agree with the honorable ana-distinguished
Senator from Michigan, that, when there is dan-
ger ahead, it is better, and safer, and wiser, to look
it right in the face, and be prepared to meet it.
We can never avoid danger by turning our backs,
or closing our eyes, or stopping our mouth3 upon
it.
But the question still presses upon us, what do
you propose to do? I can say, as I presume
every Senator can say, that it is much easier to
declare what it is best not to do, than to propose
what is best and wisest to be done. We can de-
clare war against England; but I do not propose
that just now. We can follow her own repeated
examples, and, by repealing our neutrality laws,
so far as they have application to Central America,
and setting loose the buccaneering and filibuster-
ing spirit of the country, "let slip the dogs of
war upon her, and at once drive her from every
foot-hold in CentrSd America, and sweep her from
the Caribbean Sea; but I do not propose that.
Now, sir, without undertaking to anticipate the
call of the Executive, whose province it is, and
whose responsibility it is, to take the initiative
upon questions of this character; without under-
taking to anticipate the action of the Legislature;
without undertaking to anticipate the recom-
mendation of the Committees on Foreign Relations
of the two Houses, to whom is to be committed
the consideration of this subject, I 'will, never-
theless, respectfully suggest, as a first peaceful
proposition, a direct and explicit congressional
declaration of our construction of the treaty, and
of the obligations of Great Britain resulting from
it, aecordingto that interpretation. Willanybody
object to that ? If that prove unavailing, ana after
negotiations shall have been exhausted, I would
then, and not till then,entertain some proposition
similar to that suggested by my honorable friend
from New York the other day, and let England
then have official and formal notice that she must
withdraw her possessions from Central America,
specifically from the Bay Islands and from the
Mosquito coast, and from the country between
the Siboon and the Sarstoon, by a given day, say
twelve months in advance, more or less, as you
please. If she still holds on, in open defiance of
all your demands, in open defiance of all your
remonstrances, in open defiance of your specific
declarations; if she still rejects all your overtures,
and spurns at your summons, I snail be prepared
then to say that she must be subjected to that
well-known and ancient process called ouster of
possession; and I shall then be prepared to place !
m the hands of the Executive authority of the 1
country all the material aid that may be neces- (
sary to execute that process. Sir, we would much
rather she would go out of possession of her own j
accord, and in obedience to her own solemn obli- '
gations; but, nolens voltns, she must eventually go !
out. Let us show to the country that we are in
!! earnest this time, and that we will do what we
j! declare our purpose to do. Resolving and re-
resolving, and still doing nothing but resolve, is of
noavail. Wemay scold, and storm,and threaten,
as we please; we may bluster, and swagger, and
talk very flippantly about vindicating the insulted
honor of the country; but yet, unless we take
[ some direct practical mode of effectually carrying
out our high resolves, we accomplish nothing but
our own shame, and incur the ridicule of man-
kind.
Show to England that you are in earnest about
this business; and that she is not to look for
j another case of" 54° 40' or fight," and then back-
! j mg down to 49<>. Let England fully understand
1that there is but one voice and but one spirit among
j] the American people upon this question, and that
! I she mustfulfill her covenant obligations withuf), or
take upon herself the fearful responsibility of
committing the question to the final arbitrament of
! arms. We can present to her no other alternative.
I would counsel no violence of language towards
! i England; no empty threats; no hasty action unbe-
lt coming the dignity of a great nation, asserting
i only its clear and indubitable rights, and conscious
I of its ability to maintain them. I would even
j; counsel moderation and forbearance. I would
! counsel a calm and deliberate, yet firm and inflex-
] ible, purpose to "submit to nothing which is
Wrong, and to exact nothing but what is right;"
• and if that leads to war, let war come; and let the
i responsibility rest before God and all mankind
where it may belong. In such an issue, we shall
| Stand approved before the tribunal of public sen-
1 timent, and acquit before the tribunal of the God
. of battles. •
i I am aware, sir, that England is a great and
j mighty Power on earth; but I have no homilies
on this occasion to recite to the greatness and
j glory of her name, and I have nothing to detract
from her just renown. I have no envious dispo-
1 sitions to be gratified at her dishonor or her mis-
: fortunes. I am troubled with no constitutional
! or hereditary propensities for " pitching into the
British." Nor am I troubled with any old chronic
' political distemper, that finds relief only in a peri-
i odical outburst of patriotic fury against " old
i mother England." I indulge in no spirit of hate
or revenge towards her. I make no appeals to
popular prejudices or to popular passions against
I her. On the other hand, I am ready to give her
' all just praise; to bestow upon her all due honor;
| ana even to make every right and reasonable con-
' j cession to avoid collision with her. Beyond that,
, j no loyal American citizen will ever go. We are
! i seeking only justice at her hands; we are demand-
i ing only that she shall keep faith with us; we are
demanding only that she snail regard the cove-
nant obligation of her own bond. If she shall
decline that, we cannot decline the issues of the
ultima ratio regum. And great and powerful a.<*
England is, I know of nothing in her past history
i —I know of nothing surely in the results of her
past conflicts with us—I know of nothing in her'
j recent achievements in that Eastern war where, at
this passing hour, Britain's proud lion is cowering
. in the presence of the Russian bear—I see nothing
• in her present power or her boasted prowess, even
though she could bring another Marlborough or
: another Wellington into the field—even though
| she could place her ocean trident in the hands
| of another Blake, or in the hands of another hero
j of Trafalgar—I know of nothing, in all her tow-
I ering greatness and glory, which should induce
| my country to swerve one hair's breadth from the
line of national rectitude or of national independ-
ence; or to abate one "jot or one tittle " of our
i demand upon that Government to discharge the
I ftill measure of her obligations to us, for the humil-
iating consideration of enjoying an ignominious
peace, or of securing a dishonorable exemption
from an enforcement of ourrights, when need be,
by the strength of the national arm.
Sir, we can never purchase peace at the count-
less cost of national dishonor. We are strong
enough to do justice. We are strong enough to
exact justice. We are strong enough to enforce
our demands for justice, when driven to that
necessity; and therein lies the surest guarantee of
abiding peace. We are strong enough to be mag-
nanimous and forbearing; and I trust we shall
