1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
The House then proceeded to vote the seventy-
first time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes, 211; necessary to a
choice, 106; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bunks received 103
William A. Richardson  67
Henry M. Fuller    31
Alexander C. M. Pennington    3
Benjamin F. Loiter  1
James L. Orr  1
John Scott Harrison  1
John Williams  1
Alexander K- Marshall  1
Nathaniel G. Foster  1
Hiram Warner    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshavv, Brcnton,Buffington, Burlingame, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comins, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duvtb.e,
Edie, Edwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow. Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilolloway,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. TTorton, Howaul, Hughs-
ton, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meacliam, Kilhan M tiler,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andiow
Oliver, Parker, Pcarce, Pelton, Pennington, Pony, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Puiviance, Ritchie, Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Tyt>on, Wade,
Wakeman, "Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Wasli-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson.,
Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdalc,
Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Brooks,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clmgnian, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,Gieemvood, Augustus
Ilall, Sampson, W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, JleiLeit,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. GlancyJones,Kolly, Kidwell,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMul-
hn,McCAueen, Smith Miller, Millson,Moidecai Oliver, Orr,
Peck, Powell, Qiutman, Rutfin, Uu*1, Saruhdge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Winslow, and John V. Wught.
For Mr. Fuller—Meesrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethendae, Eu^ns,
Foster, J. Morrison Hams, Kennett, Lake, Tnndiey, Alexan-
der K. Marshall, Humpluey Mai-hall, Millwaid, Paine,
Porter, Puryoar, Reade, Ready, Rivers, WiihainR Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whit-
ney, and Zollicoiicr.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Harrison, Moore, and
Scott.
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. TVarner—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Marshall^- Bayard Clark.
For Mr. Foster—Henry M. Fuller.
Mr. READE. For the first time I find myself
compelled to differ from my friend from North
Carolina, [Mr. Paine.] He says he never con-
sults anybody out of the House as to his conduct,
not oven his wife. Now, I attribute the distin-
guished propriety of my conduct here and else-
where [laughter] to the fact that I always consult
my wife; and such is the confidence I have in
the "ladies generally, that I should be willing that
those ladies should select the Speaker, if it wore
not that I am too young a man to occupy the
chair. [Laughter.] Now, in order to give those
who have wives an opportunity to consult them,
and those who have not, an opportunity to hunt
them, [a laugh,] I would move that the House
do now adjourn, but adjournments are out of fash-
ion, and so aie recesses. To accomplish my pur-
pose, therefore, I move that we take an intermis-
sion until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,meridian.
A 3V1 ember. Why not move an adjournment ?
Mr. READE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for tellers upon
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan and
Vail were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 97.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was disagreed to—yeas 95, nays
116^ as follows:
YEAS—<Messi . Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Henry S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Brooks.,Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Caiiilo, Cauitheis, Caskie 3 Clmeman.Bowell
Oobb, Cox, Craige, Ci aw ford, Cullen, David-on, Homy
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lieh, Ethemlgc, Eu tis, Evans, Floience, Footer, lleniyM.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hail, J. MoriLson
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Haven,
Herbert, Houston, GeorgeW. Jones, Kennett,Lake, Letch-
er, Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millward, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Paine, Peck, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Ready, Richardson, Rivers, Rufiin, Rust, Savage, Scott,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Winslo% John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bail, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Blias,
Bradshaw, Brcnton, Broom, Buffington, Burhngame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coining, Cragm,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt,
Dick, Dickson,Dodd, Dunn, Duifee,'Edie, Edwards, Emne,
Faulkner, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Crow, Robert B. Ilall, Harlan, Har-
rison, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentino B. Ilorton,
Howard, Hughston, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson,
McCaity, Meacliam, Kilhan Millei, Millson, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Pcarce, Pelton, Pennington, Pcrrv, Petiit,
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robison, Sabm, Sage,
Sandidgc, Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Elltim B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—116.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Go on with the
vote!"]
The House proceeded to vote the seventy-
second time for Speaker, with the following
result: Wholo number of votes cast, 211; neces-
sary to a choice, 10G; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks lecnived 103
William A Richaidson  67
Henry M. Fuller  31
Alexander C. M. Pennington  3
James L. Orr  1
James L. Seward  1
Nathaniel G. Foster  1
Alexander K. Marshall  J
John Scott Ilanwon  1
Benjamin F. Leiter  1
John Williams  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Alh-on, Ball, Baibour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billingtiui.^t, Bmghain, Bishop,
Bliss, Biadshaw, Brcnton, Buffington, Bui'iiigame, James
II. Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell, Chalice, K'/ra Clark,
Clawson, Coilax, Comins, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell,
Tnnothv Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwaids, Einrie, Flagler, Calloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, RobeitB. Ilall, HaiJan,
Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine 13. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCaity, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Mimay, Niehote,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Peatcc, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Puivianee, Ritelno, Robi-
son, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton,
Ty*on, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Ellihu 0. Washburne, Isiael
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiufi, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. RUhardson—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Bark^dale,
Bell, HenryS. Bennett, Pocock, Bowie, Boyee, Biooks,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clinmnan, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Ciaigc, Crawford, DavuUon,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood. Ausu^-
M-> Hall, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L. Hams, Heibett,
Houston, Geo<ge W. Jones, J. Ghmey Jones, Kelly, Kid
well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell,
McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Peck, Powell, Quitman, Rufiin, Ilu-'t, Snn-
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Warner,
Watkins, Wells, Wnislow, and John V. Wiiiriit.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Cai-
Iile, Cox, Cullen. Henry Wintei Davis, Ethendtfe, Eu^tis,
Foster, J. Moiusou Harris, Kennett, Lake. Lndley, Alex-
ander K. Marshall. Humphrey Mm^hail, Milhvaid, P.une,
Poiter, Puivea«, Ready, Hiveis, Willnm II. Sneed,
Swope, Tuppe, Cndeiwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney. and
Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Hairibon, Moore, and
Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Semnd—Mi. Richardson
For Mr. Foster—Mr. Henry M. fuller.
For Mr. Marshall—Mr. Bayard Claik.
For Mr. Hauison—Mr, Haven.
For Mr. Later—Mr. Dunn.
For Mr. Williami—Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Green-
wood and Tkafton were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers re-
ported—aves 103, noes 98.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was agreed to—yeas 108, nays 93.
Thereupon the House (at three o'clock) ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 28, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Clerk, I introduce the
following resolution:
Whereas, it is apparent, under the existing differences of
opinion m this House, that no organization thereof can be
effected without some effort to unite all that agree on the
docttinc of non-mtervenuon, as asseited m the Kansas
and Nebraska act, viz: that the people of the Territories
shall be left perfectly liee to regulate their own domestic
policy ; and whereas, it is indispensable, to effectan organi-
zation, that all differences of opinion on other questions
should be postponed, without compromise oi concession
on the part of any member voting for tins resolution—
Be tt resolved, That Wii.uam: A. Richardson be eho«en
Speaker of the House of Representatives, for the Thirty-
Fourth Congiess.
I introduce that resolution for the purpose, if
possible, of embodying the sentiments of mem-
bers in regard to the doctrine of non-intervention;
and for the purpose of relieving members of the
American party from what they consider an
insult, in regard to their peculiar position on
collateral issues, outside of the doctrine of the
Kansas and Nebraska act. If there be national
men enough in this House to electa Speaker and
organize, it is time that there should be a con-
summation of so desirable an object. If it be
true that the American party, which claims to
be national, agrees with the Democratic party in
sentiment on the doctrine of non-intervention,
then its members can vote for that resolution
without compromising a solitary principle which
they profess*, for the resolution declares that
those questions arc postponed. I speak for my-
self individually, because I have not consulted
the Democratic party. I desire to make no issue,
at present, with the American party on the ques-
tions of Catholicism and forcignism. I am will-
ing to put them ahead, and let them be decided
by the people in the future; with, however, the
distinct understanding that I do not subscribe to
the doctrines of the American party on either
of these questions. It is understood that there
is an irreconcilable difference between the Ameri-
can party and the Democratic party, so far as
those two issues are concerned. How else can
we unite, but by postponing those issues and
agreeing on the gieal principle that the people in
the Territories shall settle their own domestic in-
stitutions in their own way?
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. When
the gentleman from Georgia says that they agree
oh the principle that the people of the Territories
shall be left to settle their domestic institutions in
their own way, am I to understand him to assert
that, in his opinion, the people of the Territory,
in their Territorial Legislature, may legislate to
prohibit slavery?
Mr. SEWARD. These questions in regard to
legal points are not properly to be considered in
this House. [Laughter.] "Hence we find a diffi-
culty; and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Fostf.r] said the other day that th«' Kansas and
Nebraska act was a measure and not a principle.
What I want to get at is a solitary principle.
Whether the doctrine of squatter sovereignty in
the Kansas and JNebraska act is constitutional or
not, is a question to be hereafter decided by the
cue) I. Our business m to make laws. It is the
business of the courts to eoustrue them. If they
are not constitutional, the courts will so decide.
Therefore this is not the regular tribunal to settle
the questions; but when they arise under this
act, and are presented to the courts, they will be
settled.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would ask my friend
from Georgia to modify his resolution by putting
m after " regulating their own affairs" the words
" subject to the Constitution of the United
States."
Mr. SEWARD. I accept that modification.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the gentleman from Georgia, I desire to ask my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shall] a question, for he and I have been asso-
