1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
eingular one in its character. It stands upon the
authority of long-established usage, and of mul-
tiplied precedents. Wot to go back beyond the
very last session of Congress, we then made an
extra allowance of §20,000 to Commodore Perry
for special diplomatic services and expenses in
Japan, and of $18,000 to Mr. Schenck for diplo-
matic services on a special mission to the Oriental
Republic of Uraguay, and to the Argentine Con-
federation—the rule of compensation adopted
being that of an outfit, or the equivalent of an
outfit for a full mission to each Government. Both
of these claims, together with that of Mr. Marsh,
at §9,000—being the equivalent of a single outfit
for the special mission to Greece—were placed in
the form of amendments, by the Senate, to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill and passed
this body, the claim of Mr. Marsh passing here
without a division, after full discussion and con-
sideration.
The claims of Commodore Perry and of Mr.
Schenck were concurred in by the House of
Representatives, while that of Mr. Marsh was
lost in the manner and for the reason which I
have already stated. The Senate were not insens-
ible to the great and glaring injustice done him;
and the committee of conference oil the part of
the Senate yielded to the action of the House on
this and one other amendment only to save the
civil and diplomatic bill at the expiring moments
of the session. These circumstances are doubt-
less in the recollection of all Senators then present.
X make no invidious comparison of the relative
merits and character of the respective services of
these gentlemen. They, all of them, in their
several spheres, performed the important duties
assigned them, faithfully and well, and with equal
credit to themselves and to their country; but
Mr. Marsh alone has failed to receive his just
pecuniary remuneration. By a special act of the
last session also, Mr. Sanford, late Secretary of
Legation at Paris, was allowed the salary and
the outfit of a chargc d 'affaires, together with ex-
penses for clerk hire, &c., for officiating as acting
charge d'affaires ad interim for a period of about
eight months, from the departure of Mr. Rives
until the arrival of Mr. Mason, the American
Ministers at the court of St. Cloud, amounting
to the sum of $7,394 45.
I mention these cases as the very latest pre-
cedents, and fully recognizing and reaffirming
the principle of allowing an outfit as a basis of
compensation when a foreign Minister or diplo-
matic agent has been charged with an extra
special mission. The rule, in my judgment, is a
just one in respect to the party, and economical
to the Government. To send a Minister from
home on these special occasions would neces-
sarily be attended with much greater expense.
I only ask that the rule which you apply to others
shall be applied in the case of Mr."Marsh; and 1
am not prepared to believe that his case alone is
to be made an exception to that rule. All I ask
is that you shall deal with him as you have dealt
with all of your other diplomatic agents. Sir, I
submit this case to the judgment of the Senate,
with a confident reliance upon their full apprecia-
tion of the justice of the claim.
And I am happy to say, in conclusion, that,
within my experience here, I know of no case
resting so clearly on the authority of precedent
and of principle in which an appeal to the sense
of justice of this body has been made in vain.
Having made this explanation, 1 am quite will-
ing that the bill shall lie on the table for the time
being; and I will give way in order that my col-
league, in pursuance of the general understanding
yesterday, may now proceed with the discussion
of the Kansas bill.
Several Senators. Let us pass the bill now.
Mr. FOOT. There are some amendments
which are to be offered, and I therefore move that
it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DISTURBANCES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had under consideration the bill of
the House of Representatives (No. 203) making
appropriations for restoring and maintaining the
friendly disposition of the Indian tribes oil the
Pacific, and for other purposes, and have directed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I ask the Senate to con-
sider it now, and I will explain in a very few
words the reason why it is necessary. The
steamer which is expected to convey advices from
the Department here to the officers in command
on the Pacific coast will leave New York to-
morrow, and it is highly desirable that, if this
bill shall meet the approval of the Senate, the
Department shall be able to communicate intelli-
gence of its passage to the officers by that steamer.
1 ask that the bill may be taken up at once.
There being no objection, the Senate proceed-
ed, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill. It proposes to appropriate $300,000, to
be expended under the direction of the President
of the United States, for restoring and maintain-
ing the peaceable disposition of the Indian tribes
on the i'acilic; and also j,120,000 for the purchase
of gunpowder for the Pacific coast.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I desire
the indulgence of the Senate for a very brief ex-
planation. I find in the Globe of the 2d of April
that 1 am reported to have used tins language:
" It seems to me to bo a ehautabie construction, and of
couivo we must suppose that the oilier wa© quorum liom
memory. 31c had jtjad the letter with hope and . It vas
like a reprieve to a prisoner under sentence of death. He
might natujally &ay to himself: • Heie is one of judges,
the highest among them, highest iu fame, highest m impu-
tation, who does not approve of the pioceedingd of the
boaid.'"
I have such entire confidence in the great ability
and skill of those gentlemen who report our de-
bates, that I cannot say I did not use this very
language; repi esentimr thai Mr. Baitlett—for lie
was the subject of debate—might say of Com-
modore Perry: "Here is one of my judges, the
highest among them, highest in fame, highest in
reputation, who does not approve of the proceed-
ings of the board."
It occurs to me, on revising this language, that
it may be understood in the sense of an invidious
comparison between Commodore Perry and the
other members composing that board, and as
giving a decided superiority to him in point of
character and reputation. It was not my purpose
to express any such preference, or to dccide any
such question of personal or comparative distinc-
tion. Whatever I might think of the one or the
other, I intended, certainly, to institute no com-
parison. There were other officers who were on
that board, of very eminent and hhrh distinction,
but I intended to make no comparison between
them. The distinguished officer who presided
over that naval board, is entitled by his long
services, reaching back even to our last war with
Great Britain, to every commendation, not one
word of which would I withhold from him. I
might say the same as to other meritorious offi-
cers of that board, so far as my knowledge of
them extends.
I know, Mr. President, the exceeding and laud-
able sensibility of gentlemen of the naval profes-
sion, and it has occurrcd to me that it would be
well to explain this language, susceptible of an
unkind construction by their sensibilities, so as
to declare that I meant no personal comparison
and no derogation of any one. I meant to speak
applaudingly of Commodore Perry, without in-
stituting any comparison between him and other
gentlemen composing that board, and particularly
the very eminent and distinguished gentleman
who presided over its deliberations.
I make this declaration merely for the purpose
of avoiding a possible misconstruction, which
might do injustice to other gallant and meritorious
officers constituting the members of that board.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Orilei ed, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, assistant clerk, announced that
they had passed the following bills:
A bill to change the times of holding the United
States courts in the southern district of Illinois;
and
A bill for the relief of Christian Hax, of the
State of Maryland.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following joint resolution and en-
rolled bills:
A resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Buffalo, New York;
An act to constitute the cities of Hannibal,
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending 30th of June, 1857;
An act makingappropriationsforrestoringfbnd
maintaining' the peaceable disposition of the In-
dia?* tribes on the Pacific, and for other purposes;
and
An act to continue, temporarily, the land offices
at Kalamazoo, in the State of Michigan, and at
Palmyra, in the State of Missouri.
The President pro tem. signed the above
named bills.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 172) to enable the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas to form a consti-
tution and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union when they have the
requisite population.
Mr. COLLAMER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. DOUG-LAS followed, and spoke until five
o'clock.
Applause in the gallery at this point inter-
rupted Mr. Douglas's remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
in the chair.) I shall order the galleries to be
cleared unless the Senate 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will stop here and go no
further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I deem it my
duty to say, though occupying the chair tempo-
rarily, that the Senate, in my judgment, will not
permit applause from the gallcrieson any occasion.
Mr. G-EYER. I desire to make some remarks
on the question before the Senate; but as I cannot
enter upon the discussion at this late hour of the
evening, I move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the subject until Monday, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
[The speeches of Mr. Coi.lamer and Mr
Douglas will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, j&pril 4, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the bill reported
from the Court of Claims; upon which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] was enti-
tled to the floor.
BILLS INTRODUCED, ETC.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would inquire if reports
from committees are not in order this morning?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
this day is set apart for the consideration of pri-
vate bills.
Mr. BROOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on "Revolutionary Pensions, re-
ported back a bill (H. R.No. 154) to provide for
the settlement of the claims of the officers of the
revolutionary army, and of the widows and or-
phan children of those who died in the service;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. EYANS, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to facilitate the construction of a northern, a
southern, and a central Pacific railroad and mag-
netic telegraph through the territory of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair, under what rule or order of the
House we are now receiving these bills ?
The SPEAKER. By general consent.
Mr. JONES. Well, I wish to inquire whether
\[ it is with-the understanding that they are merely
