1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
to plunge the country into a war that might bring
■with it such results.
Allied with her ancient rival in the gigantic
struggle with the Russian Empire, pressed to fill
up the perishing ranks of her army in the Crimea,
Great Britain has, in violation of the law of na-
tions and the municipal law of the United States,
undertaken " clandestinely"—to quote the lan-
guage of the Senator from New York—."to enter
our recruiting ground." For this aggressive act
upon our national sovereignty, England has been
called to account by the Government of the
United States. The American Government should
demand that this violation of our sovereign rights
should cease at once; that the British Government
should give an ample apology for the past—an
apology that should be a security for the future.
If British Consuls, or even the British Minister,
are implicated in this violation of the municipal
laws of the country, the Government has the
right, and it should exercise the right, to demand
their recall. In this controversy the American
Government is clearly right, and the British Gov-
ernment is clearly wrong. The American peo-
ple will sustain any Administration—even one
that has so little of the public confidence, or of
the public regard, as the present one—in main-
taining, with firmness and dignity, the municipal
laws and sovereign rights of the country.
Mr. President, on the 2d of February, 1848,
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed,
and the army of the Republic returned from the
Halls of the Montezumas, bringing with it, as the
trophies of a "conquered peace, the title deeds
to naif a million square miles of the Mexican
Republic. The ratifications of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo had hardly been exchanged
at Q,ueretaro, when rumors came from the shores
of the Pacific that the quick eye and ready hand
of the North American adventurers, whose valor
had won from Mexico the magnificent region on
the Pacific slope of the Rocky Mountains, had
verified the opinion of Sir Francis Drake, uttered
nearly three centuries ago, that there was " no
part of the country wherein there was not some
special likelihood of gold." Intelligence of the
■wonderful discoveries in the new acquisition
upon the shores 5f the Pacific flashed over the
country, filling the public mind with golden
dreams of unmeasured wealth to be garnered up
in the regions beyond the Rocky mountains.
Multitudes, in the Old World and in the New,
inspired with boundless hopes, rushed to this
new El Dorado. The adventurous sons of the
West hastened across the plains, threaded the
gorges and passes of the Rocky Mountains, and
Eressed on to the shores of the Pacific. The
ardy sons of the Atlantic slope of the Alle-
ghanies crowded the decks of our fast-sailing
clipper ships, for the long and weary passage of
seventeen thousand miles around Cape Horn—
a passage always tedious to men whose homes
are on the deep, but then oppressive to men
whose thoughts by day and dreams by night were
upon the glittering sands of the Sacramento.
Others shrinking from the weary pilgrimage of
the plains, and the (to them) almostendless passage
of the stormy cape, bounded across the narrow
isthmus that unites North and South America.
The Central American States hastened to confer
upon American citizens the right of transit across
the isthmus, by the way of Panama, the river
San Juan and Lake Nicaragua. The right of
transit en all the routes across Central America
were secured by American enterprise, and the
dreams of three centuries, of an interoceanic ship
canal connecting the waters of the Atlantic and
Pacific seas, seemed near their realization. The
American people and the commercial world began
to comprehend the commanding position these
feeble, disunited, contentious Central American
States are destined to occupy in the future of the
Western Continent.
But Great Britain, in the name of his Mosquito
Majesty, and in derogation of the sovereign rights
of Nicaragua, had thrown herself across the in-
teroceanic pathway to the Pacific by the river
San Juan and Lake Nicaragua. British agents
in Central America, ever mindful of the political
power and commercial interests of England, had
pressed upon Lord Palmerston and the British
Ministry the policy of extending the Mosquito
protectorate along the shores of the Caribbean sea,
across the mouth of the San Juan to Chagres—
not to protect the rights of the lingering remains
of a perishing people Vanishing under two cen-
turies of British protection—but to secure " the
control of so desirable a spot in the commercial
world, and free it from the competition of so ad-
venturesome a race as the North Americans."
Anxious to secure the speedy completion of the
interoceanic ship canal across Central America—
comprehending the vastness and grandeur of the
undertaking, willing that the commercial nations
of the globe-should share with us the glory of the
achievement and the benefits which must flow
from its completion, the administration of Gen-
eral Taylor rejected all offers of " peculiar privi-
leges," " exclusive rights," and " monoffrlies of
commercial intercourse" from the Central Amer-
ican States, and tendered to England, through our
Minister, Mr. Lawrence, the generous proposi-
tion to unite with us in the accomplishment and
protection of a scheme so vast and grand in its
conception. Lord Palmerston, in response to Mr.
Lawrence, promptly declared that Great Britain
" did not intend to occupy, or colonize, or exercise
dominion in any portion of Central America—that
Great Britain would unite with the United States
in protecting the proposed ship-canal, railway,
or other communication, to be open to the world
and common to all nations."
The treaty which was thus to secure the coop-
eration of England and America in uniting the
Atlantic and Pacific by a highway free to the
commercial world across the Isthmus, which was
to leave the feeble Central American States free
from foreign intervention, was negotiated here in
the national capital by the distinguished diplo-
matists whose names have been given to the
treaty by the popular voice of the country. That
treaty received the sanction of four fifths of the
American Senate, and the approval of President
Taylor—so tenderly referred to the other day
by the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot]—in the closing hours of his crowded life.
Nearly six years have passed since the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty was signed—a treaty whicn the
American people were assured was to give the
joint protection of Great Britain and the United
States to the interoceanic transit across the con-
tinent by the San Juan river and Lake Nicara-
gua, withdraw British power from that region
of the continent, and leave the Central American
States free from British or American occupation,
colonization, or dominion. The ship canal, upon
which so many hopes were then centered, exists
only in the words of the treaty. British colonists,
living under British laws, and acknowledging
allegiance to the British Crown, still linger in the
territory between the Siboon and the Sarstoon.
The British flag still waves over Roatan, " the
key of the Bay of Honduras, " " the Gibraltar of
the Caribbean sea." His Mosquito Majesty still
reposes in his board palace at Bluefielas, under
the protecting folds of the " meteorflag of Eng-
land." The denizens of the world, under color
of the sovereignty of his Mosquito Majesty, still
continue to maintain an independent municipal
government over the ancient port of San Juan,
" the key of the Americas," in defiance of the
rightful title of Nicaragua, which is as clear as is
the title of the United States over the grounds
upon which this Capitol stands.
The statesmen and diplomatists of the United
States and Great Britain have spent years in dis-
cussing the meaning of the provisions of this
treaty of the 19th of April, 1850; and the sole
fruit of that discussion is, an interminable corre-
spondence, settling no point in dispute, coming
to no definite result, leaving the questions in con-
troversy more complicated than ever, and these
two Christian nations of England and America,
bound together by so many ties of kindred and
interest, in an attitude of antagonism, demanding
the exercise of great moderation, prudence, ana
judgment to extricate them from their embarrass-
ments. While the Hartford convention was in
session, a distinguished statesman of New Eng-
land was asked what the result would be? He
aptly replied, "A pamphlet!"
The_ fruit of the treaty of the 19th of April,
1850, is a prolific eorresponaenee! The United
States stand upon the terms of the treaty: Great
Britain professes to stand upon the terms of the
treaty. The American interpretation puts Great
Britain out of the territory between the Sarstoon
and the Siboon, and the Bay Islands, and makes
the Mosquito protectorate, to quote the language
of the veteran Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] "the shadow of a name!" The British
interpretation leaves England in possession of th«
vast country in Central America between the Sars-
toon and the Siboon, and the Bay Islands, and
makes her Mosquito protectorate something more
tangible than " the shadow of a name! The
American Government avows its determination to
adhere to its position. The British Government
shows no disposition to retreat from its position.
These positions are in direct antagonism. Either
the treaty is an immature, incomplete, and defect-
ive instrument, or one or the other of these Gov-
ernments has misapprehended or misinterpreted
its provisions. If the American interpretation be
the true one, then the British Government is faith-
less to its plighted obligations, and Lords Pal-
merston, Clarendon, and their associates, should
receive that stern condemnation which the civ-
ilized world never fails to brand upon the brows
of emperors and kings, ministers and diploma-
tists, who violate the plighted faith of treaties.
If the British interpretation is the true one, then
the American Government has been overreached
in the negotiation, and the treaty of the 19th of
April, 1850, is a treaty " not fit to be made!"
The honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] pronounces the treaty "sublime in its
conceptions, generous in its spirit, and beneficent
in its purposes." He gives us agraphic, eloquent
description of the meeting " of the twp rival mem-
bers of the British family" on that " foreign and
narrow isthmus" "in the presence of the feeble
and contentious Republics," " not to contend to-
gether for dominion," " but to make it free to
each other, and equally free to all mankind."
The honorable Senator from Delaware, as the
negotiator of the treaty on the part of the Amer-
ican Government, entered upon that negotiation
inspired with the sublime conceptions and gen-
erous purposes, the. grandeur and magnitude such
an occasion was calculated to inspire. That he
entered upon the work with the high and patriotic
object of framing a treaty which should confer
lasting benefits upon our country and upon the
world, no one can doubt. Twenty years ago, in
the days of Andrew Jackson, the Senate, under
his lead, by a unanimous vote, requested "the
President to consider the expediency of opening
negotiations with the Governments of Central
America and New Granada, for the purpose of
effectually protecting such individuals as may
undertake to open a communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, by the construction
of a ship-canal across the isthmus which connects
North and South America." When he accepted
the seals of office under General Taylor, he did
not close his ear to the touching appeals of the
authorities of Nicaragua against the aggressions
of Great Britain upon the sovereignty of that
Central American State. I would not, sir, under-
value his labors, or pluck a laurel from his brow,
won in the negotiation of the treaty, the benefi-
cent objects of which have been so eloquently
stated by the honorable Senator from New York;
but, sir, I am compelled to say, that I believe
the treaty of the 19th of April, 1850, does not
accomplish what the negotiator, the Senate, and
the country supposed was accomplished when it
received the dying approval of President Taylor.
It seems to me, that upon a question of such
magnitude, requiring the future action of such
Governments as England and America, the pur-
poses of the treaty should have been set forth in
precise, exact, and clear language. The terms
of the treaty are that Great Britain and the United
States mutually agree that they wijl not occupy,
fortify, colonize, or assume or exercise dominion
over any part of Central America.
_ At the time the treaty was formed, Great Brit-
ain held a protectorate over the Mosquito coast,
under which she claimed control over the sea-coast
of Nicaragua. She claimed that she had held
this protectorate for nearly two centuries, and
that she held it for the benefit of a perishing tribe
of Indians on the coast of Nicaragua. At that
time Great Britain held the Belize, under the
