96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 28.
ciated together on many questions. I under-
stand that he would have voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill if he had been m Congress. I ask
him how he construes it? Does he believe that
the people have the right or not to legislate as
' to slavery? As he is one of the friends of the
measure, and would have voted for it if he had
been here. I ask him to construe it.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Will the
gentleman from Georgia yield me the floor?
Mr. SEWARD. I will yield to hear what the
gentleman has to say.
, Mr. MARSHALL. I have no hesitation, at
the request of the honorable member, to state
my opinion upon the point proposed, and I will
here observe to the gentlemen present that, when
stated, my position may easily be understood
by all men. It looks the same way, North and
South. I do not believe the Constitution has
conferred upon Congress the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories by a legislative act. I
do not believe that the people of a Territory of
the United States, through the Territorial Legisla-
lativc Assembly, and pending the Territorial Gov-
ernment, possess the power to prohibit slavery in
the Territory. I believe that the territorial gov-
ernment is the creature of Congress, and that the
people who live in such a government must ne-
cessarily abide by the limitations imposed upon
it by the authority which created and sustains it.
The institution of civil government in the Ter-
ritory is the act of Congress; and, by such act,
Congress declares how the departments of the
territorial government shall be divided, vesting
the appointment of some officers in the President
of the United States, whilst others are to be ap-
pointed by the people of the Territory—the latter
power of the people ie'mg a grant from Congress.
Congress might institute the government, and
lias done so, excluding the people from all parti-
cipation in the choico of officer;1-:. I believe that all
the powers the people of a Territory may exer-
cise, Congress can exercise; and that such peo-
ple cannot exercise any more powers than Con-
gress chooses to allow them to exercise; because
the stream can never rise higher than the fountain.
That is my position.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let me see if I under-
stand the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. I now ask the honorable
gentleman to state what is his position? Lotus
hear his opinion on these questions of power
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man with a great deal of pleasure, but I want first
to see if I understand my friend. I will tell him
my position in a moment. Do I understand you
to hold that the people cannot legislate nega-
tively, or affirmatively, on the subject of slavery
under the Kansas-Nebraska bill?
Mr.MARSHALL. Does the gentleman want
my construction of that particular bill? Have
not gentlemen settled the construction of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill among themselves? They
say they stand upon its principles.
Mr. SEWAltD. I did not yield the floor en-
tirely to these gentlemen, and must now claim it.
I modify my resolution by striking out the words,
"leaving the people of the Territory perfectly
free to regulate their own domestic policy."
The Clerk then read the resolution as modified.
Mr. SEWARD. I have modified the resolu-
tion for the purpose of obviating the difficulties
that the gentleman from Kentucky seems to want
to throw in the way here in regard to the con-
struction of the Kansas-Nebraska act. Every
member of this House has intelligence enough to
understand that whatever law mtglit be passed
by Congress, a variety of opinions would exist in
regard to the construction of that law, and it is
evident that we never can harmonize so long as
gentlemen seek to produce division here by ask-
ing individual members their opinions in regard
to the effect of a particular law.
All I desire is to assert the principle of non-
intervention, and to leave the question of the
power of the people of the Territories to legislate
so as to establish or prohibit slavery where it now
is, to be settled hereafter. If the American party
are national on this subject, they are opposed to
agitation, and want the slavery question taken
out of Congress. In other words, if they want
Ibis Government to take its hands off the institu-
tion of slavery, and to restore peace to the coun-
try, let them come up and show it by voting for
this resolution. The Democratic party do not
desire agitation upon this subject. The question
must be settled somewhere, either by the people
or by the Federal Government. If the question
is to be settled by Congress, and decided against
the South by a majority from the North, the Gov-
ernment will be endangered and the Union cannot
be perpetuated. Here is a common platform,
upon which we can all stand. It says that the
question shall be taken out of the* halls of the
National Legislature, and that the Government
shall not interfere with it. When we do that wo
shall have peace, and tranquillity will be restored
to the country.
Mr. BOYCE. I approve of the spirit of this
resolution, though I think it might have been
more judiciously worded. Here we have been
for a month engaged in a vain struggle to elect a
Speaker, and at the present time we appear, as far
as we can judge, to be 110 nearer that conclusion
than we were at the beginning. It seems to me,
then, that the time has come when we should
begin to take our latitude and longitude, and see
where the land lies, and if there is any probability
of an organization of the House upon a conserva-
tive basis.
In the remarks which I shall make, I do not
wish to be considered as compromising the Dem-
ocratic party at all, because I consider that I have
an individuality apart from the Democraticparty.
I act with it when I approve of its course; when
I do not, I act for myself. I belong to the Cal-
houn wing of the Democratic party. I do not con-
sider myself as bound by the action of the Demo-
cratic caucus, or as in any way subject to the dicta-
tion of the party. I say this much, that the Demo-
cratic party may not bo compromised by what I
may say; and I would add, that in the course
which I shall recommcnd, I shall not do it because
of any indifference to Mr. Richardson, who has
hitherto been voted for by the Democratic party.
If I had had my choice of all the members of this
House, he would have been my first choice for
the honorable position of Speaker.
With these preliminary remarks, I go to the
main question—the organization. What is it
that prevents an organization of the House ?
There are three parties here, neither of which has
a majority of the whole number of votes. That
is what prevents it. That party which votes for
Mr. Banks, if I understand it correctly, repre-
sents the extreme an ti-slavery feeling of the
North, because, as I consider that Mr. Banki oc-
cupies that position, I infer that those who vote
for him agree with him in that position. Mr.
Banks, if I understand him correctly, is acting
with and is supported by that party in Massa-
chusetts which repudiated Mr. Gardiner, and
elected Mr. Rockwell as Governor of that State,
because Mr. Gardiner did not go far enough in
the anti-slavery crusade, ho having vetoed what
is known as the personal liberty bill. Mr. Banks
himself told us the other day that he represents
the mostanti-slavery district in the United States.
If that be true—and I suppose it is, as he himself
asserts it—it follows that Mr. Banks is the most
anti-slavery Representative upon this floor, for
Representatives are usually but a reflection of
their constituents.
Again, Mr. Banks is sustained upon this floor,
and in the preliminary caucus of those who sup-
port him, by the venerable member from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] whoso ultraism upon the subject
of slavery has become historical; and I consider
all those who support the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts as identified with him [Mr. Giddings]
in his extreme opinions upon the subject of
slavery.
Again, the other day, when I interrogated Mr.
Banks in reference to certain specific matters —
not matters of abstraction, but matters which will
come before the House during the present session
for their determination—what did he do? He de-
clined to answer. He took shelter behind what
he considered to be the example of Mr. Rich-
ardson. But I hope, if Mr. Ranks takes Mr.
Richardson for his example, he will not, like
some artists who paint from the masters of an-
tiquity, imitate his defects, but rather his good
qualities. I only asked him questions in rela-
tion to subjects which will probably come up for
legislation before this Congress; and from his
declining to answer, 1 had the right to assume that
if he had seen fit to answer, he would have an-
swered in the affirmative upon each one of those
questions. I had a right to presume that those
who sustain him represent his extreme opinions.
There are two other parties hero—those who
support Mr. Puller, and those who support
Mr. Richardson. Upon this subject of slavery,.
what position do they occupy? Mr. Richard-
son standffupon the Kansas-Nebraska bill; Mr.
Poller upon the position of abiding by existing
legislation, and discouraging agitation upon the
subject of slav.ery. Practically, so far as the or-
ganization of this House is concerned, those two
gentlemen occupy the same position. Between
their position, and the position occupied by Mr.
Banks, there is an impassable gulf. What, then,
follows? It follows that those who vote for
Messrs. Richardson and Fuller—if they are
in earnest, and I presume that they are—having
a majority here, can organize on a conservative
basis. It would seem to follow, too, that Mr.
Banks cannot be elected Speaker of this body.
The majority of this House differ from that gen-
tleman upon this important question of slavery,
supposing the scattering vote to be equally divi-
ded on this paramount question.
The next conclusion is, that the conservative
men of this House—by which I mean those who
support Messrs. Richardson and Fuller, and
certain of those who do not vote for either of the
three prominent candidates, but scatter their
votes—the conservative men of the House can
organize the House if they will vote together.
Well, sir, if they have the power to do it, is
it not their duty to do it? Why, then, should
tliey not do it? I suppose I shall be told, that it
may bo injurious to party. This cry of party
has too often been the bane of republics. Party
is a good enough thing in its place, but country
is not to be sacrificed to party. Let us forget
party for the day, throw off the shackles and
paraphernalia of party, and for once assert our
full freedom. I would adhere to party if it were
for the good of the country. But what is the
first great duty which rests upon us as members
of this House? It is to organize this House upon
a conservative basis. That is our first duty; and
shall we be driven from it because we fear that
the prospects of this or that party, at some fu-
ture time, may be injured by our course now?
I trust not. It seems to me, then, that these two
parties should withdraw their candidates, n-J
party candidates, and that every man should
come into this Hall at liberty to vote for whom-
soever he chooses, without regard to party. I
am willing to vote for any man, North or South,
without regard to this secondary consideration —
Native Americanism—provided he is entirely re-
liable upon the slavery question, and will organize
the committees on a conservative basis.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. The res-
olution which lies on your table, Mr. Clerk, pre-
supposes an identity of opinion among those
who shall vote for its adoption. The intent of the
mover [Mr. Seward] was to make an assertion
in favor of a "solitary principle"—to use his own
language—to wit: the principle of non-interven-
tion as declared in the Kansas-Nebraska hill. I re-
spectfully ask that gentlemen on the other side of
the House will define what is the principle as de-
clared in the Kansas-Nebraska bill ?
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seivard,]
who addressed the House a few moments since,
says the question of power, as declared by the
Kansas-Nebraska bill,—I mean the power of the
people of the Territory pending the territorial
government,—is a question not for this House,
but for the judicial tribunals—that Congress legis-
lates by that bill so as to leave that question 111 a
condition for the courts to tak" hold of it, in
such shape, manner, and form as it may assume
under the varying circumstances under which it
may arise before the courts. But, if this is non-
intervention, ivhat principle docs the bill assert ?
That Congress will not legislate on the question
of the domestic institutions of the Territory, or
that it. has no power so to legislate ? That Con-
gress, not possessing the power, yields it to the
people of the Territories, or declares the power to
be with them inherently and originally? What
is covered, as a principle, by this phrase ""non-
intervention," as declared by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill ? What I want before f vote oil such a reso-
lution as this is, that gentlemen shall define the
principle they intend to assert, and not attempt to
