86
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Central American Question—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
treaty of 1786, with Spain, which was sanctioned
by the Mexican Government in 1826.
These treaties with Spain and Mexico gave
Great Britain only possessory rights between the
Rio Hondo and the Siboon. Her settlers had
crossed the Siboon, the southern boundary, and
extended themselves to the Sarstoon. At the
same time, Great Britain claimed to hold the Bay
Islands. .
If it was the intention of the negotiators of the
treaty that Great Britain should give up the con-
trol of the territory between the Sarstoon and the
Siboon, that should have been clearly and dis-
tinctly incorporated in to the treaty. If it was the
intention of the negotiators that she should give
up the colony of the Bay Islands, that should
have been incorporated into the treaty. If it was :
the intention of the negotiators that the protect- j
orate over the Mosquito coast should be nothing
but "the shadow of a name," it-should have been
clearly and distinctly provided for by the terms
of the treaty. Yes, sir, I say that, if Mr, Clay-
ton and Sir Henry L. Bulwer had the same
objects in view; if they understood each other;
if they understood the treaty alike; and intended
that the United States and Great Britain should I
understand it alike—then the objects of the treaty
should have been so specifically set forth, that I
neither of these rival nations—jealous as both of
thera are of each other, tenacious as both of them
are of their own rights and interests—should seek
to shelter itself under the general terms of the
phraseology of the instrument from its treaty
obligations.
But, sir, the treaty was not understood alike
by England and America. Honorable Senators,
then, understood the Belize settlement north of
the Siboon to come under the provisions of the"
treaty. When the ratification of the treaty was
exchanged, the British negotiator was "instructed
to declare that her Majesty does not understand
the engagements of that convention to apply to
her Majesty's settlement at Honduras, or to its
dependencies. Her Majesty's ratification of the
said convention is exchanged under the explicit
declaration above mentioned." The American
negotiator affirmed, in reply to this declaration,
that " the treaty was not understood to include
British Honduras, nor the small islands in the
neighborhood of the settlement." Great Britain
claims that this "understanding" between the
negotiators covers the Belize settlement south of
the Siboon and the Bay Island colony. The
honorable Senator from Michigan quoted the
opinion of the late Attprney General of the Uni-
ted States, the Hon. Reverdy Johnson, to the
effect, that " the declarations of the negotiators
had not altered the, convention, or fixed an inter-
pretation upon it contrary, to the meaning of the
President and Senate." j
In regard to the effect of these declarations upon j
the binding effect of the treaty, the honorable !
Senator from Michigan remarked with great force I
in the debate three years ago: i
" When ope says to the other, I deliver you my ratifica-
tion on such a condition, and the other party thus accepts
it., would not any nation in Christendom, under such cir-
cumstances, say that the act of the head of the nation would
be binding in good fBith,and that the ratification was con-
ditional merely ? Would it not lie said, in such a cage, that
we were responsible before the world for the acts of the
head of our Government ? and.evep as a matter of internal
administration, if it should tot -be within hk authority to
make au«h a supplementary dettaiptiofl, yet the common
voice of mankind would declare that we miiBt. either accept
or observe the conditional ratification, or give up {he treaty."
Subsequent events have proved thatit was, the
understanding of the British authorities that ,the
Belize and the Bay Islands were not compre-
hended in the provisions of the treaty, but were
excluded by the understanding of the negotiators.
On the 15th of August, 1850, less than sixty
days after the exchange of the ratifications of the
treaty, the representative of England in Central
America told the authorities of Nicaragua that
"resistance" to the protectorate " would be of no
further avail,'' and that the '' treaty of Clay tpn.and
Bulwer, about which you have so much to say,
and in which you express so much confidence,
expressly recognizes the Mosquito Kingdom,
and sets aside the rights which you pretend Nic-
aragua lias on that coast." Within eight months
after the treaty was proclaimed by PresidentTay-
lor, the Minister of Nicaragua declared, in a
communication to Mr. Webster, then Secretary
of State, that" Great Britain wishing to take ad-
vantage of the same test and the clauses of the
treaty, has directed all her agents in Central Amer-
ica new instructions an d communications, in which
it is expressly stated that the Government of the
American Union recognized the existence of the
pretended Mosquito kingdom, and the usurpa-
tion of the port of San Juan, and that, far from
debilitating the rights of the savage chief, the
treaty confirms them in full,"
This treaty, Mr. President,fails tp set forth, in
precise, exact, and specific language., the objects
sought to be attained by the country in its nego-
tiation. I hold in my haijd the speech of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, delivered in
the Seqpte three years ago, from which I quote
these words in support of the position I now take:
" It was, and to, my opinion, too, that there are loose ex-
pressions in the treaty which have led to much difficulty."
In the debate upon the treaty, in January, 1853,
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] now
with us, in justification of his opposition to it,
declared:
" I was s^Qt satined With, the clausa in relation to the
British protectorate over the Mosquito coast. Itis equivo-
cal in terms, and no man can say with ccrtainty whether
the true construction excludes the protectorate from the
continent) or recognizes its rightful existence, and imposes
restraints upon its use and exercise."
The Senator from Illinois also declared, in
March of the same year:
" I have always thought the language of the treaty was
so equivocal, that no man could say with certainty whether
it did abolish the protectorate or not. One clause seeded
to abolish it; another seemed to recognize Its existence,
and to restrain its exercise; and you could make as good an
argument on one side as the other. But I gave notice, at the
time the treaty was ratified, that I would take the American
side, and stand by the Senator from Delaware in claiming
that England was bound to quit."
If the honorable Senator from Illinois could make
the declaration, on the floor of the Senate, that you
could make as good an argument on one side of the
question as on the other, but that, as an Ameri-
can statesman, he would stand by the American
interpretation of the treaty, surely a British states -
man can make the same declaration in regard to
the British side, of the question. Thus, by the
words of the treaty, we are placed in a position
where the two nations may be brought into direct
hostility on the practical interpretation of an in-
strument; while patriotism requires an American
statesman and a British statesman to stand by
their respective countries. A treaty of thatcharac-
ter ought never to be made between two nations,
and especially two nations so influential and so
powerful in the affairs of the world, so tenacious
of their honor and their, rights, as Great Britain
and the United States.
In the debate of March, 1853, Mr. Everett, of
my own State, fresh from the Department of
Sta,te—a statesman, I may safely say here, as
familiar with the foreign relations of the United
.States as any living American statesman—said, in
| reference to the territory between the Siboon an4
.the Sarstoon, " I will candidly say, that I do not
think England has either violated or intended to
violate the faith of the treaty." Of Roatan and
the Bay Islands, Mr. Everett remarked, in the
same speech, that " these islands had for a long
time been in the unqualified,, though contested,
possession of Great Britain." Referring to the
organization of the Bay Islands, in the summer
of 1852, he, said that, " they, had been for a cen-
tury and more,a, part of the dependencies of Be-
lize, and it was not the understanding of the
contracting parties that they should be affected
one way or the other by the. stipulations of the
treaty of 19th of April, 1850." ".I think it may
be said that there is.no violation, of the stipulation
of the treaty in organizing that colony. At the
same time, I must candidly say, that I think itis
an ill-advised step." I have quoted, Mr. Presi-
dent, the opinions, of statesmen of acknowledged
character and capacity—statesmen whose large
experience in public affairs entitle their opinions
: to great consideration. These opinions of the
i language and'provisions of the Clayton-Bulwer
! treaty go to show that the attitude,of these two
j nations upon the interpretation of the treaty, is
| not a matter of surprise, or wholly unexpected.
[ Now, sir, the question is, what action are we
to take ? The President has presented our case
to Great Britain. For three years he has urged
upon the consideration of the l3ritish Government
our interpretation of the treaty. Our Secretary of
State, Mr. M^rcy, and our Minister to the Court
of St. James, Mr. Buchanan, are statesmen of
acknowledged talent and character. They have
presented our interpretation to Great Britain, and
Great Britain has decisively refused to agree to
that construction of the treaty. She continues to
adhere to her own interpretation of the treaty,
and that interpretation gives her the country be-
tween the Siboon and the Sarstoon, gi\csher the
Bay Islands, and leaves her to make just as much
as she pleases of her Mosquito protectorate.
We must either submit to the British interpre-
tation, keep out of Central America ourselves,
and, when a steamship sails from New York har-
bor with a Yankee armed with one of Sharp s
rifles, detain him; or we must take some action.
I think the people of this country will never sub-
mit that the British interpretation of the treaty
shall he accepted, or submitted to, by the Govern-
ment. I do not believe that the American people
will sustain any Administration in yielding our
interpretation of the treaty, and leaving England
in Central America an aggressor upon the rights
of those weak and feeble States, where she has no
real interest, where she has not a just claim to
one foot of rightful jurisdiction, while we are to
keep out of Central America—a country where
we have, at this time, millions of dollars invested
—a country across which, last year, we sent fifty
thousand passengers, and $42,600,000 in gold.
We have an interest in Central America—an
interest to sustain and encourage the feeble Cen-
tral American States. Any man who has read
the various reports of the parties sent out to sur-
vey routes for a Pacific railroad, and who knows
anything about constructing railways, or has any
practical knowledge of the cost of their construc-
tion and the cost of running them, must come to
the conclusion that years will pass away before
we shall have a Pacific railway completed, and
that our highway for many years to come to our
possessions on the Pacific, in California and Ore-
gon, must be across Central America. I say,
sir, we cannot, and I be!iev§ we will not, submit
to the British interpr«tatk),Oi of the treaty which
gives to England all she can. diesire—a treaty by
which, if her interpretation be correct, this Gov-
ernment w,as overreached,altogether.
Then, sir, are we to go on negotiating? The
London Times informs the. people of England
that " the President wishes tp have thQ negotia-
tion drag on, interminably, that the matter m^y
be settled bv future events;.''' On the bafljsof the
Cl^yton-Bulwcr treaty we can frame another
treaty, similar in its provisions to the proposi-
tion proposed by Mr, Webster and Sir Henry L.
Bulwer, of the 30th of April, 1852. I apprehend,
after all, that will be the result. Great Britain
will not go out, andjshe will.not be argued out,
of tjie country between tJieiSiboop ^nd the Sars-
toon, and the Bay i^uidp, We canpot argae
Great Britain out of her position. When the
speeches made here by veteran statesnocn reach
England, they will be met by speeches of Lord
Painters ton and others, in vindication of the
British side of the question, and they can come
across the water, andqu.ote the opinions of some
of the most eminent statesmen of our own coun-
try to sustain, partially at least, their own, inter-
pretation.
The Senator from New York, the. other day,
closed his very able speech:on this question with
this proposition:
"Bfy counsel, therefore, is a notice to Great Britain that
we shall interfere to prevent her exercise pf dominion ip
South America, if .it shall not be discontinued within oijn
year, and &Iso that authority be now given to the President
to execute that delayed purpose."
I take it the. Senate, and the country will under-
stand that if that proposition be adopted and ad-
hered to, war will inevitably be the result. If
we adopt that proposition, we must back out or
England must back out, or a war will certainly
ensue at the end of one year. The President
must go to Central America, take down the Brit-
ish flag in the country south of the Siboon; must
strike down the British flag which waves over
Roatan; must strike down that flag which waves
over his Mosquito majesty ai Bluefield.
