822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
to be referred, and that none of them are to be
put upon their passage ?
The SPEAKER. Such is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. JONES. If that is notthe understanding
I should object to the introduction of all these
bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any restriction
being put upon the House in that way.
The SPEAKER. It was proper for the gentle-
man from Tennessee to ask the question, and it
was proper for the Chair to respond.
Mr. SEWARD. And it was proper for me to
make an objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior, in addition
to the call made on him for estimates of the cost of the
bridge over the Potomac river at Georgetown, likewise ac-
company his reports with estimates of the expense of making
approaches to the same suitable for railway, if practicable,
as well as for common travel; and also furnish what inform-
ation the topographical bureau may possess as to the dis-
tance between the post office in Alexandria and the post
office in Washington city, by way of the Long Bridge, and
also by'the road crossing the river at the site of the proposed
bridge at Georgetown.
Mr. HOUSTON". There are many reports
lying upon the table from the Court of Claims.
If there is no objection, I would like to have them
taken up and referred to the Committee on Claims,
or to some other committee, in order that they
may receive the action of the committees, come
into this House, and be placed on the Private
Calendar, so that they may be reached in their
regular order when we take up the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion on that
subject is the motion of the gentlemaii from New
York, [Mr. Haven-,] that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and placed
Upon the Private Calendar. Whenever the House
resumes the consideration of that subject, that
will be the motion first in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
regulating and making uniform the right of challenge of
jurors on the trial of criminal causes before the district and
circuit courts of the United States, and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, and in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill for the construction of a
road from Fort Ridgley, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, to the south pass of the Roclcy mount-
ains, in the Territory of Nebraska; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Does that bill pro-
pose to grant public lands? If so, it should go to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall ask for the reading
of the bill, if that is the direction given to it. I
ask the gentleman from Illinois whether it is one
of those bills proposing to donate alternate sec-
tions of public lands?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir, it is not. It
merely makes an appropriation for the building
of a military road in the Territories of Minnesota
and Nebraska.
Objection to its reference was 'withdrawn.
Mr. LAKE, by unanimous conscnt, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be required to inquire into the expediency of
establishing post offices and post roads from Hillsborough,
in Scott county, State of Mississippi, to Philadelphia, in
the county of Neshoba, in the same State, pursuant to the
memorial of W. Shepard and others, herewith presented.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report whether, where entries have
been made on the public lands under the act entitled " An
act to graduate and reduce the price of public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," approved August 4,1854,
the titles of the persona so entering are not complete.
Mr. SEWARD. X desire to know what has
become of the objection which I made some time
since to these proceedings?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not understand
the gentleman as making such objection. The
Chair understood him as objecting to the gentle-
man from Tennessee making an inquiry.
Mr. SEWARD. I made it distinctly; and 1
now wish it to be understood that I insist upon
the objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia objects to the introduction of other business
unless in order.
Mr. SEWARD. There are so many applica-
tions to me to withdraw my objection that I do so.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, it was ,
Ordered, That the Committee on Expenditures on Public
Buildings be discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of John G. Kennedy, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, by unani-
mous consent, and inpursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law
of Henry McGuire, deceased, for services in the
revolutionary war. Also, a bill for the relief of
Mary Harris, wife of Newsom Harris, deceased,
for services rendered in the revolutionary war;
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. DAVIDSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the State Legislature
of Louisiana, instructing their Senators, and re-
questing their Representatives, to call the atten-
tion of Congress to a memorial of the State of
Louisiana to Congress, presented in the year
1846, praying to cause to be removed obstructions
placed in Bayou La Fourche, by order of General
Jackson, during the invasion of Louisiana by the
British in 1814 and 1815; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. BALL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the papers in the case of Timothy
Cavan, for presentation to the Senate.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill to establish post roads in the Territory
of Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill granting a pension
to Ansel Wilkinson; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HERBERT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M. Wo-
zencraft; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to define the rights and duties of pur-
chasers of public lands under the provisions of
the " Act to graduate and reduce the price of the
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators,"
approved March 4, 1854. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and,
A bill for the relief of the officers and privates
of the Clinton Guards, of the county of Macomb,
in the State ofMichigan. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BOWIE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of building a fortification at Cedar Point, or some other eli-
gible place on the Patuxent river, in Maryland, and report
to this House, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SHORTER, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred as indicated below:
An act to amend and explain an act to gradu-
ate and reduce the price of public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators, approved August 4,1854.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
and
An act to establish certain mail routes in the
counties of Dale, Coffee, Henry, Covington, Bar-
bour, Pike, Butler, Conecuh and Monroe, in the
State of Alabama. Referred to Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. PERRY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the petition of the minor children
of Joseph Dale for a pension, that the same may be used
before the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill for the relief of George K. McGunnegle,
surviving partner of the late firm of Hill &
McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and, with the report ordered
to be printed.
Mr. Q.. also, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition in the case of Levi Forbes,
with an adverse report thereon; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which wa3 read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
this House whether, in his opinion, the building to be crectcd
at Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, as provided by law at
the second session of the Thirty-Third Congress, for the
purposes of a custom-house, post office, and court-house,
will be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, and if not, what
additions to the same will be required by the public con-
venience, and what will be the increased expense of such
additions.
Mr. MAXWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing for an
increase of pay to military storekeepers, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States, if not
in his opinion incompatible with the public interest, be
requested to communicate to this House a copv of a dis-
patch dated October 29,1855, from our Minister Resident at
Naples, relative to the saving from shipwreck of certain
American vessels and their crews.
On motion by Mr. PENNINGTON, by unan-
imous consent, the joint resolution of the Senate
to amend the act of March 1, 1855, entitled " An
act to remodel the diplomatic and consular sys-
tem of the United States," was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the Uni-
ted States sloop of war Albany, and for other
purposes; and ®
A resolution declaring in what manner the pen-
sions laws for the benefit of the Cherokee Indians
shall be executed.
DR. KANE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, a joint resolution au-
thorizing E. K. Kane and others, holding offices
of profit or trust under the United States, to ac-
cept such presents as may be tendered to them
by the Government of Great Britain,in testimony
of their services in the late Arctic expedition. I
ask that the resolution may be read, and then I
shall ask that it may be put on its passage. If
the House will grant me the opportunity of saying
a very few words, I am sure there will be no ob-
jection.
The resolution was read by the Clerk.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. 1 object, if the
resolution is to be put on its passage.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask that the resolu-
tion may be introduced then, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and I shall follow up the motion by one to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object, if the resolu-
tion is to be put in that sort of position.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether this is a Senate or House resolution?
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is a House joint
resolution, reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
