1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ggg3
Mr. JONES. Is there not a resolution pending
in the House of the same character, coming from
the Senate?
The SPEAKER. Not of the same character.
Mr. JONES. I gave notice that I should ob-
ject to any bill or resolution being put on its
passage, and I cannot discriminate in favor of
this.
So the resolution was not received.
RESOLUTIONS OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAMRELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Massachusetts in reference to the fugitive slave
law; which were laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LAKE, by unanimous consent, reported
back, from the Committee on the Judiciary, the bill
of the House (No. 21) to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Mis-
sissippi; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
PROPOSITION TO CLOSE DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS. On yesterday the House was
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, considering the amendments of the Senate
to the deficiency bill. I am very anxious to pro-
ceed with the further consideration of those amend-
ments. I believe if the House will give its atten-
tion to them, they can be disposed of in the course
of the day, to-morrow. I rise, therefore, for the
purpose of moving that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Rut before the question is put on that motion, 1
desire to submit the usual resolution to terminate
the debate on the amendments to that bill in one
hour after its consideration shall be resumed in
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not believe that is right.
Mr. PHELPS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has been compelled
to absent himself from the House, and the man-
agement of this bill has, therefore, devolved upon
the other members of the committee; and if there
should be much discussion or much contest upon
the remaining amendments of the Senate to the
bill, I shall ask the indulgence of the House and
of the committee to submit some remarks, after
the debate shall have been closed, that will not
occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. WALKER. This day is set apart by the
rules for the consideration of the business upon
the Private Calendar; and I therefore take it that
a motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House would take precedence of the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The business first before the
House is the report from the Court of Claims;
and on it the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Jones] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was about to suggest to
my friend from Missouri, m reference to the mo-
tion which he has submitted, that the debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the Senate amend-
ments to the deficiency bill has, so far, been per-
tinent and entirely legitimate. I doubt very much
the propriety of arresting a discussion which is
strictly confined to the subject-matter before the
body. It should not be terminated, at least for a
time. The Senate have added many important
amendments; and unless there is a pressing ne-
cessity for action on them, I suggest that we
ought not to arrest debate while it is pertinent
and legitimate.
Mr. BENSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to have
taken from the Speaker's table a bill for the relief
of the widows and orphans of officers, seamen,
and others who were lost on board the sloop of
war Albany, in order that it may be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, which commit-
tee has the subject now under investigation.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I must object.
The first business in order, this being private bill
day, is, I presume, the report from the Court of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already so
stated. Pending that question, the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] moves that debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the amendments of the Senate to
the deficiency bill shall be closed within one hour
after it shall be again resumed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
_ Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. _ I move that when the House adjourns to-
day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the con-
dition of the question before the House. The busi-
ness first in order, as the Chair has before stated,
is the consideration of the report from the Court
of Claims. On that matter the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor. Various
propositions have been entertained by general
consent. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
claims the floor, the Chair will give it to him. If
there is no objection, the Chair will state the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to taking the ques-
tion on that motion to-day. If private business
is the business m order to-day, under the rules,
the question of privilege ordinarily connccted with
the general legislation which has been submitted
by the gentleman from Missouri, is not one for
to-day.
Mr. PHELPS. I submitted the motion that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Immediately afterwards I moved
that debate on the Senate amendment to the defi-
ciency bill should be closed within one hour after
its consideration should be again resumed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had not the
floor to make these motions. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania had the floor on the report
from the Court of Claims, which is the first busi-
ness in order. The gentleman from Missouri
could not take the floor from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in order to submit the motion to
which he refers.
Mr. PHELPS. One word in regard to the
question of fact. Before I made the motion to
close debate I moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Speaker recognized me, and entertained my
motions. Pending my motions, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Walker] moved that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. Conse-
quently the gentleman from Pennsylvania had not
the floor to claim the consideration of the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will make a
word of reply to the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question between the gentlemen. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor. The
gentleman from Missouri cannot make the motions
which he refers to unless by the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman to have objected in time.
If he did not object in time, the gentleman from
Missouri has the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. The whole question seems to
turn on a fact. The Speaker assigned me the
floor immediately after the gentleman from New
Jersey had asked leave to report a resolution
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to
have it put on its passage. I made the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is mistaken. The Chair announced
that the first business in order was the consider-
ation of the report from the Court of Claims, and
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was entitled
to the floor. That announcement was distinctly
made. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
objects to the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, it is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I do object. I do not propose
to detain the House for more than ten or fifteen
minutes.
Mr. RITCHIE. Before my colleague proceeds
with his remarks, I will suggest the following
modification of his resolution:
Resolved, That bills ami reports from the Court of Claims
shall be referred by the Clerk to the Committee on Claims.
Rcsolrei, That every Fnday morning, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, it shall be in order!or the eaid
committee to report with reference to bills and reports from
said court.
Mr. J ONES, of Pennsylvania. From the found-
ation of the Government, all subjects in the na-
ture of claims against the Government, have been •
referred to the Committee on Claims, in each
branch of the Legislature. '
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to any change of -
the rules without one day's notice.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the gentle^
man from Pennsylvania were only suggested as -
a modification to his colleague's proposition.
Mr. JONES. During the last Congress there
appeared to be so much difficulty in getting at the
law and the facts involved in the investigation of
the claims before the Government, that it was
agreed with unusual unanimity to pass a bill ere- .
ating a court of claims. The creation of such a ,
court had been a pending question here for twenty-
years and upwards. Its advocates, however,
were of that school who wished to clothe it with
power to enter final judgments, or as nearly so as
practicable underthe Constitution. Its advocates '
on this basis, however, have always been in the
minority in one branch or the other of Congress,
and it failed. The necessity of having some
tribunal to examine the law and the facts, and
furnish Congress with their opinions and the rea-
sons upon which they were based, became ob-
vious to all: such a court Congress, intended to
create by the act of last session. It is now in-
tended, by construction, to make this court what
Congress never intended it to be, and to effect
by construction that which has failed in legislation
for twenty years and upwards, and I hope it may
not prevail. The truth and the law were so difS-
cultto getatbythc committee, thatitrequired con-
stant labor and assiduous investigation to ascer-
tain what really were the merits of the case, and
the principles on which it rested. Testimony, ex-
cept ex parte, was entirely inaccessible to the com-
mittee . Under these circumstances it was deemed
best to create a court of claims. At the time of
its creation it was clearly and distinctly stated
that the object of the bill was not to create a
court to pass final judgment on claims, but one to
furnish the law and the facts through the medium
of judicial forms, that they might be submitted,
with their opinions on them, for the action of
Congress through its appropriate committee.
I have already stated, that from the foundation
of the Government all claims against the Govern-
ment have taken this course; and even all verdicts
certifying balances against the Government by
the circuit court of the United States, the highest
nisi prius judicatory of the land. In the last Con-
gress, after a treaty had been negotiated with
Mexico by the Executive and Senate of this Gov-
ernment—the absolute treaty-making power under
the Constitution—an appropriation of §10,000,000
was required simply to pay the stipulations of
that treaty. After the treaty was ratified, and
had become the paramount law of the land, that
act was referred to this body for the mere purpose
of obtaining an appropriation of $10,000,000 for
fulfilling the stipulations of that treaty, and yet,
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the bill was not
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
but was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Now, the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs have no jurisdiction over the appropriation
of money; and that very reference indicated that
this House recognized the power as existing in
itself to investigate the very subject-matter of
that treaty, within the sphere of its constitutional
limits—of course not beyond the extent of its
constitutional power. On that occasion there was
a lengthy debate; and the honorable gentleman
from Missouri, (Mr. Benton,) then a member of
the House, raised the question here as to the
power of the House to call on the Executive for
the papers, &c., relative to the subject-matter of
the treaty, and of sitting with closed doors for the
purpose of going into an investigation of the
whole treaty. Some gentlemen upon this floor
doubted the power of this House to do so. The •
power of the House was conceded, however; bat
the House, by a vote, refused to send for persons
and papers, and the whole question was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I will mention another instance, and I want the
House to understand the practical bearing of this
point, because it settles forever hereafter the
