195&J
APPJ^BIS/TCh Tip COJICJiy^QNAfc G^l^.
fi7:
34th Cong....Ist Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Dowdell.
Ho. OJf, ^EJP9.
Sir, the President cannot executes .proposition
of that kind without bringing this country into
direct war with England. I apprehend the conn- 1
try is not yet ready to adopt the bold and decisive
proposition of the distinguished. Senator from
Aew York, I apprehend. that the administra-
tion of the country would .shrink from adopting
that expedient for the settlement of the pending ]
issues.
My advice to Congress apd the country now
is, that we.should at once declare the treaty null
and void—abrogate it altogether, and stand before
the world, in regard to Central America, just as (
w« stood when the treaty was negotiated. I be-
lieve that the course of Great Britain on this
question fully justifies us in abrogating the treaty
altogether; ana I am ready to follow the lead of
any Senator, and vote this day to declare the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty null and void. I
Senators may say that the adoption of the prop- j
oaition which 1 suggest will leave Great Britain
in full possession in Central America. Well, sir,
I do not fear Great Britain in Central America.
The colonial possessions of Great Britain bound
us on the north from the St. John's, on the Atlan- ,
tic, across the continent to the Pacific; and these
colonial possessions have nearly three millions of
freemen an our northern frontier. Ourintercourse
with, her colonial possessions in the North is
increasing rapidly; our commerce with theseprov-
inces is estimated this year, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, at $30,000,000. We are building rail-
ways ana framing reciprocity treaties to increase
that commerce. We have no apprehensions abou t
her growth on our northern frontier. Our ships
along our Atlantic coast pass within the, range. p{
her guns, and on the lakes—those great inland seas
which she divides with us—our commerce passes j
within the range of her batteries. All this excites J
no apprehension. For the same reason, I.hare
no fear of the power of England in Central Amer-
ica- Let her send as many thousands of the
Anglo-Saxon race into those central regions of
the continent as she chooses to send; they will
plant in those regions, of the continent free insti- |
tutions—lay the foundations of law, order, liberty,,
and progress; they will turn good Democrats,
and sustain Central America as a permanent
power on earth, or they will, in their own good
time,and in union witliourown countrymen who
may find homes in Central America, aid in making
it what I think it is destined to be at some future
time—a member of the North American Confed-
eracy of free Commonwealths. _
I would declare the treaty void; I would then
adopt theadvice of Mr. Everett, given three years
ago, and send a first-class statesman to Central
America to settle affairs and secure our interests, j
Mr. Everett said upon that occasion: j
" Small as those States are, I really think that, at this
time, ft is more important who is sent by the United States
to Central America than who is sent to London, to Paris,
or to St. Petersburg." * * * * " I do not
aee lay point in the range of our foreign relations where i
aa much good U now to be done."
Sir, the Administration did not follow the coun-1
sels of Mr. Everett. Instead of sending a first- J
class statesman to Nicaragua, the Government
sent Mr. Solon Borland. This appointment dis-
appointed the expectations of the country; but his
conduct while there did not disappoint the ex-
pectations of the country. To Nicaragua and the
other Central American States I would send a
wise and discreet diplomatist. Recognizing the
boundaries of Nicaragua as Spain, England, and
the United States have recognized them, as ex-
tending from " sea to Sea," I would make such
arrangements as might be necessary to protect
our transit across the Isthmus; and if we require
fortifications to protect them, I would make ar-
rangements with the Governments there for the
territory on which to erect those fortifications.
Sir, events are now transpiring in Central
America which may have an important influence
on the future condition of that section of. the con-
tinent. This, perhaps, is not the time to. speak
■with any degree of confidence of the events now
transpiring there; but I cannot avoid expressing
what I really feel, and saying 1 have strong hopes
that the movements going on in Central America
will be finally conducive to good and stable gov-
ernment there, in which law and order, and well-
regulated liberty-may prevail, and that those States
will rise from their present embarrassments and
find repose under one unitedgovernment. The re-
lations between the United States and these Cen-
tral American States must be cemented by ties of
interest. By scrupulously regarding the sovereign
rights of those feeble States,.adopting the system !
ofnon-intervention in their governmental affairs, '
Bulwer treaty if it were before us to:day; for I can
never agree to make an arrangement With England
or any other foreign Power that we will not exer-
cise dominioh over any portion of this continent..
I have no sympathy with the policy that would
extend the boundaries of the Republic by lawless'
violence, but 1 have faith in democratic institu'-'
and recognizing the de facto Governments, whom- '' tions; I believe that wherever the jurisdiction of
soever may be intrusted1 with administrative *u:   — ,u:~ '—"
Eo.wers, the American Government may hope to
e " amodeland protection to all the Americas."
Senators, Mr. President, may say that it is
contrary to the Monroe doctrine to leave Great
Britain in the Belize, Bay Islands, or any portion
of Central America, where she has no rightful
possession now. During the past thirty-three
years tlie country has heard much of the Monroe
doctrine. That doctrine came from the brain of
John Gluincy Adams, a statesman ever watchful
of national rights and the rights of human nature.
Proclaimed by Mr. Monroe, with the unanimous
sanction of [his Cabinet, it was received by the j
people, with—to quote the words of Dani<Jl Web-
ster—" one general glow of exultation, one uni-
versal feeling of the gratified love of liberty; it
elevated the hopes and gratified the patriotism of
the people."
The philosophic mind of Jefferson hailed this ,
doctrine—that " the American continents are not
henceforth to be considered as subjects far future
colonization by any European Power," and that
" the United States consider any attempt of Eu- !
ropean Powers to extend their system to any par- '
lion of this hemisphere as dangerous to their
peace and safety,"—as thecardinalmaxim that
4' sets our compass, and points the course which ice are
to steer through the ocean of time." Canning and
Brougham welcomed the doctrine, in the Brit-
ish Parliament, with unstinted commendation, j
Twenty-four days after that doctrine was pro-
claimed, Spain called upon the Holy Alliance to
" uphold the principles of order and legitimacy,"
by aiding her in reconqueringher revolted Amer-
ican colonies; yet, sir, the Congress to whom that ,
Monroe doctrine was addressed shrank from its I
adoption. Three years after that Monroe doc- i
trine was proclaimed, Mr. Adams, in his Panama j
j message, explained that doctrine, by saying that
" our views would extend no further than to a |
: mutual pledge to the parties to the compact to
maintain the principle in application to its own
territory, and to permit no colonial lodgments, or
i establishments of European jurisdiction, upon
! its own soil."
I Although the Monroe doctrine as thus defined
by Mr. Adams, received the support of Henry
Clay and Daniel Webster, Congress, under the
lead of the chiefs of that rising party that was
to bear Andrew Jackson into power over the
author of the Monroe doctrine, rejected it; and
from that hour to this, whenever the Senate or
this country extends on this continent, the inter-
ests of humanity will be ultimately promoted by
it. Agreeing With the doctrine laia down by Mr.
Everett in his'admirable letter Upon the tripartite
treaty, I would never bind ourselves by any treaty
obligations ,that we will not annex, if we and the
people who live in the territory desire it, tiny
portion of this continent. For myself, I can
never vote to admit a foot of territory ihto this
Union where the great doctririe of the Declaration
of Independence, " that all men are created equal,"
is denied; but wherever freedom and free institu-
tions can follow the advancing flag of the Republic,
I am ready to annex that portion of the continent,
if it can be accomplished honorably, peacefully,
and in harmony with the feelings of our own
people and the people who are to come to us.
ORGANIZATION OF TH13 HOUSE.
REMARKS.OF HON. J. F. DOWDELL,
OF ALABAMA,
In tbe House of Representatives,
January 9,1856.
Mr. PAINE, of North Carolina, submitted the
following resolution, which he supported by* a
few remarks: ' '
Resolved, That the Hon. Wiluam E. Smith, of Alabama,
be chosen to preside as temporary chairman of this IIouso
until a Speaker be eleoted.
Mr. DOWDELL said: Before proceeding to
give my vote, I desire to say a few words. I must'
confess, as an American citizen,'representing in
part a, people who are sober, quiet, and conserva-
tive, who love their country—a religious commu-
nity—I am exceedingly pained at the spectacle
which has been presented to-night and for the
last weeks by the American House of Represent-
atives, in the middle of the nineteenth century.
I am disposed to recur to the history of the past,
preeminently before my mind—when Rome was
burning, Nero was fiddling and dancing. To my
mind, merriment is altogether out of place and
ill-timed. Nbw,.sir, while this House is indulg-
ing in this spectacle of amusement—and I speak
kindly of it, for I suppose it is somewhat in the
spirit of passing away an idle hour without the
prospect of an organization soon—whilst in the
midst of laughter we are standing upon a slum-
bering volcano. Upon our, borders, in the com-
of this country, our people are
      ,     __ , mon territory of this country, a 4
House of Representatives have been called upon ; marshaling their forces to' try the great question
to stand by the principles of the Monroe doctrine, : asto whether they are able to govern themselves—
they have failed to do so. This doctrine is simply it may be with rifles in their hands. It becomes
the declaration of a Chief Magistrate of the j us to look, as patriots, seriously, Soberly, these
United States, not binding upon the nationathome grave questions in the face. It becomes usto
or abroad. I am ready here to-day to vote for ij maintain that gravity due to the consideration ^
the Monroe doctrine as laid down and defined by
, Mr. Adams, in his message on the Panama mis-
sion; but until the Senate and House of Repre-
; sentatives adopt it, I think the less our statesmen
at home and diplomatists abroad say about it, in
dealing with international questions, the better.
I would take care of our interests in Central
America; I would let Great Britain alone there,
, and leave it to her to commence an aggressive
1 policy if she chooses so to do; and if she does
commence such a contest, it should never close
until the power of England on the North Ameri-
can continent is forever broken, and we are left
in possession of North America to the polar
1 regions, where civilization is arrested by the bar-
! riers of perpetual frost.
' I say then, sir, that the only -way, in my judg-
ment, to get out of our present embarrassment is
to declare the Clayton-Bulwer treaty null and
i void—to negotiate in Central America for the pro-
tection of our transit routes across that country.
The abrogation of the treaty does not lead to
I war. It is the policy which will, in my judg-
| ment, promote the future peace and interest of
of questions now being forced upon us, which1
involve the peace and happiness of our people
and the permanence of our institutions. I have
been reminded, by the ludicrous scenes witnessed
here, of a parallel to be found in,a book entitled
"Georgia Scenes," which I read many years
since. It was penned by Judge Longstreet, fdr-
merly of Georgia. Ned Brace, the hero of the
story, happened in a city during the prevalence
of a great fire—the flames in red volumes were
rising higher and higher each moment—the people
were running to and fro in great consternation—
women and children were screaming through the
streets, and the midnight fire-bells were sending'
out their rapid and startling sounds, when Nea
quietly took his position on the side-walk. About
this time a large, old man, nearly out of breath,
came running by in great haste, whose home was
threatened with destruction perhaps, and was
, abruptly stopped by Ned with the interrogatory:
■ " Sir, can you tell me where I can find Peleg Q..
! C. Stone?" "Damn Peleg Q.. C. Stone! my
I house is on fire'."was the impatient reply. Now,
sir, while the fire of civil war is threatening to
the country. I would vote against the Clayton- li be kindled upon our borders, whose flames once
