wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
New York, is fifty-five dollars. The cost deliv-
ered in Virginia is sixty dollars; the coat deliv-
ered in Georgia is sixty-five dollars; and it is
more especially in these southern States that the
article is demanded.
The object of the bill, then, is to favor and
encourage certain American discoverers, who
necessarily associate themselves together, because
the enterprise of a discovery and occupation is
too large, generally, for a single individual. It is
to encourage them to seek out, and to appropri-
ate to the uses of the United States, under the
authority of law, other deposits than those of the
State of Peru. It is practicable, we know, be-
cause more than one such island has been discov-
ered by citizens of the United States. It is so
practicable that companies are willing to under-
take to surrender those islands which have already
been discovered, and to seek for more, upon the
condition that they shall simply be protected as
discoverers, and have the benefit of their own
exertions, and of the employment of their own
capital, labor, and skill, while making the dis-
coveries, and extracting guano for the use of the
people of the United States.
It is probably true that the discovery would
inure, when made by a citizen of the United
States, to the Government, for the benefit of the
whole people; but a discovery which inures to
the benefit of the whole people of the United
States brings upon all the people of the United
States the responsibility of making it practicable
and available. Everybody being at liberty to go
and make the discovery, and everybody being at
liberty to enjoy it, whoever may make it, it is a
practical result that nobody will be at the cost and
expense of securing the possession, and of ex-
tracting this valuable fertilizer from the soil.
It requires capital. The amount of that capital
may be estimated from the fact tha't on a guano
island, rock, or key, there is necessarily a perma-
nent establishment of one hundred men, who are
to be taken from the class usually employed in
the whaling business, at from twenty to twenty-
five dollars per month. Th«se men are to be
supported, as well as to have their wages paid.
There are to be temporary bouses erected at the
island, for the purpose of sheltering them. They
are to lay down a track of rails—either a wooden
or iron railroad track—from the deposit on the
island to the port, or harbor, or place of delivery,
which generally is a distance of three or four
miles. They are to build floating docks, and
they aie to have vessels there provided for ob-
taining food, and water, and other supplies from
distant islands or coasts. It is at once seen that
all these expenses attend the occupation and
reduction to use of a deposit of this kind; and
that whoever performs that duty must expect to
do it under the protection of the authorities of
the United States.
Now that this will be a practicable measure, is
seen from the faet that the bill provides, upon a
full understanding of the subject, that these dis-
coverers shall furnish guano to the citizens of the
United States at six dollars on the guano bed, and
ton dollars per ton at the place of delivery on the
island. This makes a reduction from the price
of Peruvian guano from thirty dollars to six and
ten dollars, or an average of eight dollars. Then
if the hill shall take effect, and shall be as propi-
tious in its operations as is expected, we shall be
able to reduce the price of guano in the United
States from fifty dollars, as delivered in the port
of New York", and in Virginia sixty dollars, and
Georgia sixty-five dollars, down to about forty
dollars per ton. Here is a saving of one third or
nirn-c of the whole cost of the article.
Then there remains a simple question whether
such legislation as this is necessary. It is neces-
sary for the protection ofour own citizens, because
the legislation of Peru is, in its nature and opera-
tion, such as to favor the maintaining of the mo-
nopoly which she now has. They have very
stringent laws in regard to the anchorage of ves-
sels m their ports, and the whole of their legisla-
tion on this subject regards their guano islands
as the great source of their wealth for the support
of their Government, and for the payment of their
national debt. They have offered to sell, I un-
derstand, the whole of their guano islands for
£360,0011,000. That is the estimate which they
put on this resource, on the ground that there are
three hundred millions of tons of guano in the '
islands, and that that is worth thirty dollars per
ton.
The arguments of the honorable gentlemen
who make inquiries about the bill are very proper
in themselves. If there was any such thing as a
prospect of dominion to be secured to the United
States resulting from the discovery and occupa-
tion of these islands, it would be a subject for
some jealousy, but the bill is framed so as to em-
brace only'these more ragged rocks, which are
covered with this deposit in the ocean, which are
fit for no dominion, or for anything else, except for
the guano which is found upon them. There is
no temptation whatever for the abuse of authority
by the establishment of colonies or any other
form of permanent occupation there. On the
other hand, the laborers who go there have to be
sheltered and protected, and fed and maintained
by vessels which are employed in connection with
the shipping of this country. The bill itself then
provides that whenever the Guano should be ex-
hausted, or cease to be found on the islands, they
'should revert and relapse out of the jurisdiction
of the United States.
The bill, then, gives no benefit to foreignsrs. It
gives no benefit to foreign nations. It gives no
inadequate or unnecessary protection, or privi-
lege, or monopoly, to the discoverers, being our
own citizens, who are favored by it; but it is simply
a measure of policy, which has for its basis the
great necessity of reducing the price of this arti-
cle, and breakmgup the monopoly which i  main-
tained over it by the Government of Peru, with
the direct purpose of benefit to our own .ytizens
engaged in agriculture.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is a mat-
ter of some importance. I do not know how far
it may be inaugurating a new policy, and one
which may have consequences beyond the mere
supply of guano to the agricultural interests of
the country. I incline to think, though, that the
committee have proceeded on the right principle
in regard to it. They propose, if I understand
the theory of their bill, to take possession of one
of these islands for the benefit of the United States,
and to allow the discoverer something by way of
a premium upon the guano as a reward for the
discovery. It is not the intention of the bill, 1
presume—and if it were, I think it would be
clearly wrong, according to the principles of pub-
lic law—to admit the right of property in the
discoverer. The right of discovery is in the nation
whose citizen makes the discovery.
I believe, however, that in guarding the rights
of the citizens of the United States, the commit-
tee, probably, have not taken quite care enough.
I am willing that the discoverer should be amply
rewarded—well re warded—for the addition which
he has made to the wealth of the country; but it
seems to me that this bill proposes to do too
much. I think it may be found hereafter, if the
deposits should be valuable, that the grant of any-
thing like six dollars a ton would be an immense
reward to give for the mere discovery of the
island. I think that whatever grant is made
should not be made in perpetuity, but should be
made at the pleasure of Congress. No doubt
Congress would not revoke it until the parties
were amply rewarded; but it might be that the
reward which this proposes to give them would
bo far beyond anything we are now thinking of.
The interests of the agricultural community,
which we arc called upon to uphold,require that
we should sec that there is 110 chance of exposing
them to a monopoly of our citizens, anything like
that which they have now to suffer under a for-
eign Government. I would prefer, therefore, that
the grant should be made at the pleasure of Con-
gress, and I would suggest that the rewaj-d had
lietter he a percentage on the value of the guano.
According to the statement of the Senator from
Delaware, this guano will not be worth anything
like Peruvian guano; for it has not near so much I
ammonia, if 1 understood him. A premium of |
eight dollars a ton for guano, which is rich rather !
in the phosphates than in ammonia, would be a ]
high one—too much to give them. j
I think, too, that there ought to bo a further !
restriction. If wo allow these discoverers, as a
reward for their discovery, to lay a duty 011 the
guano, they ought to be prohibited from selling
it to any except citizens of the United States. I
do not think, it" we havu to go to the expense of
protecting these islands, that we should allow
the parties to make a general traffic of guano and
charge a general duty on it.
It seems to me that this proposition to allow
eight dollars a ton is too much. I think, too,
that the business of loading the ships had better
be left to private enterprise. I would give them
a certain percentage. I do not see why ten per
cent, on the value would not be ample; for surely
the business would be a large one, if the deposit
were anything like what it is said to be. I would
give Congress the right to purchase at any time
from the discoverers, at, say, double the amount
of money which it may have cost, or which they
may have invested. If double the amount would
not do, I should be willing to give them more. I
would remunerate them amply; but we ought to
keep the control of the subject in the hands of
Congress, and I shall not be willing to vote for the
bill unless we do so.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I agree to ac-
cept so much of the suggestions of my colleague
as shall retain this subject within the control of
Congress. He and I, with other Senators from
the middle States, have the common object of
enabling the people of the country to avail them-
selves of these new guano deposits if we can;
and if we shall differ on the details of the bill, it
will be a difference only in the attempt to attain
a common object.
What is to be desired is, so to frame the bill
as not to deter the capitalists or enterprise of our
country from taking hold of the thing. Now,
the history of this bill is, thatin the Pacific ocean,
as is represented, near the equator, and at a
distance of some two thousand miles from the
nearest habited land, there was an accidental dis-
covery of two small islands covered with guano.
"Where they are, rests as yet only in the knowl-
edge of the discoverers, and those of the Govern-
ment officers to whom it has been imparted. The
secret has not been divulged; but these islands
were not occupied when last seen, and measures
were promptly taken, under the auspices of the
President of the United States, to enable the
discoverers of them to take possession in the
presence of an armed ship of the United States.
We had hoped to pass this bill into a law in
sufficient time to give to this country the benefit
of the discovery, matured by possession under
these auspices; but if we fail to pass the law, the
result will probably bo, that some new discov-
erers will be in possession before Congress shall
meet again; and if any benefit is to result from
the discovery of these particular islands, it will be
lost to this country.
Now, as my colleague has said, and well said,
it is a delicate and difficult subject to deal with.
I would rather, however, in dealing with it, run
some risk of enabling the discoverers to make
very large profits, (more than if we could deal with
them at arms-length we should be disposed to
concede,) than run the counter-risk of losing the
discovery altogether. I can very well understand
that it requires a great deal of intrepid enterprise
to risk as large a capital as must be risked in the
attempt to get possession of these islands before
the quality of the guano is known, or in the at-
tempt to hold possession of them afterwards, if
the arm of Government should not be extended
over them.
We know, from those gentlemen who have in-
terested themselves in the subject, and who now
form the company, that so long ago as the month
of August last, a ship was fitted out from one of the
New England ports, with all the necessary means
to visit that island and bring away a cargo of this
material, for the purpose of ascertaining what it
was. We know that a clipper schooner was dis-
patched in December from the port of San Fran-
cisco, to visit the island, in order to bring intelli-
gence of the arrival of the ship; and we know
further that the Government of the United States
ordered one of the Pacific squadron to visit the
island, to be present with the American ships
when they arrived there, to perfect the title by
taking possession. That has involved a very
large expenditure of money, of necessity, on the
part of the discoverers, who have attempted to
mature their enterprise. If, as my honorable col-
league says, fiom a fear of giving these men too
large profits, we should deter them from carrying
out what they have already attempted, and it
should result that these are really valuable de-
posits of guano, they must inure to other people
