820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Maria Price, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of A.S. Bender, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 224) for his relief; which was read
the first time and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Senate instructing the committee to inquire
whether any act of legislation be necessary to give
effect to the notice given to Denmark to terminate
the treaty with that Power, have had the same
under consideration, and have instructed me to
make a report accompanied by a resolution. I
ask that the resolution be read and that the report
be printed. It would be desirable, for reasons
which will be apparent to the Senate, that the
resolution should be acted upon at an early day.
I would ask, therefore, that it be made the special
order of the day for next Monday.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the notice which has been given by the
President to Denmark, pursuant to the resolution of the
Senate of the 3d of March, 1855, to terminate the treaty
with that Power of the 26th of April, in the year 1826, is
sufficient to cause such treaty to terminate and be annulled
to all intents whatsoever, pursuant to the eleventh article
thereof, and that no other or further act of legislation is
necessary to put an end to said treaty as part of the law of
tlie laud.
The report was ordered to be printed; and the
resolution was made the special order for Mon-
day next, April 14, at one o'clock.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to alter the place of
holding the courts of the United States in the
district of Delaware.
LEGISLATURE OP KANSAS.
Mr. CASS. I have just had placed in my
hands a memorial from the persons composing
the self-styled Legislature of Kansas, and I have
been requested to present it to the Senate. I
more its reference to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the paper ?
Mr. CASS. It is a petition from the persons
composing the self-styled Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. SEWARD. Which of them?
Mr. CASS. I said the self-styled one.
Mr. SEWARD. Which?
Mr. CASS. The Senator understands which
of them just as well as I do. If I knew that the
information was necessary for him I should give
it, but I know that it is not.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know from my
honorable friend from Michigan whether the pe-
tition which he presents is a petition which pur-
ports to come from the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas, organized under the act of Congress,
as I a.m led to infer from the manner in which he
describes the memorial, or whether it is a peti-
-ion from the provisional Legislature of the State
if Kansas.
Mr. CASS. I will answer the honorable Sen-
ator if he will say that he does not know; but if
■ie will not say that, I shall not give him any other
nswer than I have already done.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I am not going
o make any concessions.
Mr. CASS. I move the reference of the peti-
10n to the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I also move that the petition be
orinted.
The PRESIDENT. That order will be made
unless there be objection.
Mr. ADAMS. If the petition is to be printed
under the rules as a petition from a State Legis-
lature, I shall object to it. °
Mr. BUTLER. Has the subject of printing
the petition gone beyond the control of the Sen-
ate ?
The PRESIDENT. It has not. Objection
being made, the question is on the motion to
print.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall object decidedly to the
printing of this memorial by order of the Senate.
It neither has dignity from the source from which
it springs, nor has it anything associated with it
which gives it a right to be printed by order of
this body, on the ground upon which petitions
or resolutions of State Legislatures are printed.
The Senator from Michigan, with proper mod-
esty, and I think with very proper sarcasm, has
already given it a character which cannot entitle
it to my confidence and respect. As a Senator
from a State, I cannot recognize the source from
which this comes, as one of the States of this
Confederacy, or as a member of the body-politic.
I cannot agree to vote that the petition be printed
on the ground that, either in its source or its char-
acter, it has anything of the dignity which should
entitle it to that consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not interfere with the
honorable Senator from Michigan in vindicating
the motion which he has made. I will leave that
to him, to whom it properly belongs. I content
myself with appealing to the Senate to give us the
yeas and nays on the motion to print the petition
of the provisional Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina is under a misapprehension. I did not
use the term, "self-styled Legislature," in order
to be sarcastic, or to throw any slur on those
persons there assembled together. I merely used
it as a descriptive term, to intimate which of the
two bodies assuming to be the Legislature of
Kansas was the Legislature presenting this peti-
tion. I have no doubt myself that the Territorial
Legislature, under the law, is the legal Legisla-
ture of Kansas. I have not a shadow of doubt
about that; but here is a body of men, assuming
to prepare for the exercise of powers which are
to affect that country ultimately, sent there by
the people. I said the "self-styled Legislature,"
with a view to indicate who they were. That is
the reason for the term which I used, and all the
reason.
Now, Mr. President, with respect to the print-
ing of this document, I desire that it shall be
printed because it is a document affecting an im-
portant portion of the country. I desire to read
it; I have not done so yet; I do not know a word
of it. I have been told what the application was,
and I think it is sufficiently important to be printed
by the Senate. It is not on account of any pecu-
liar dignity connected with it that I wish "it to be
printed, but 1 desire to see the representation
which these people make of their own condition.
I think that it is the right of every man in this
Union to petition either branch of Congress on
any subject within their jurisdiction. If his
petition be worded in courteous and proper lan-
guage, I think it is the duty of every represent-
ative, either in the Senate or in the House of
Representatives, to present such a petition. That
is my opinion as to the rights of the people and
the duties of representatives.
Here is a petition which has been sent to me;
I have presented it; I desire that it shall be printed
in order that the Senate and the country may
know what it is—what it asks for specifically,
though I have a general idea from the facts which
have been stated to me. That is all my object,
and the Senate will pardon me for saying that I
think it is unfortunate to raise such an issue on
such a question. We had better not touch the
point of the right of petition. It is not only sol-
emnly guarantied in the Constitution, but it is a
right that the American people do not wish to
have touched. Let us preserve it m its integrity
as it is marked out for us. It is a great deal better
and safer to err on the other side—even to receive
petitions which may be doubtful, rather than re-
ject those which clearly ought to be received. It
seems to me that this subject is of magnitude
enough to justify the reception of the petition, and
of magnitude enough to have it printed and spread
before the country.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not pur-
pose to enter into any discussion on this question
beyond stating the grounds on which I shall vote
against the printing of the petition. The petition
on its face purports to be " the petition of the
Senators and Representatives of the General As-
sembly of the State of Kansas." I know no such
State in the Federal Union. I will not, by any
vote of mine, countenance an act of plain revolu-
tion and rebellion. It is no more, no less. Char-
acterize it and explain as you please, no other
term can be attached to it. Standing here, under
the solemnity of an oath to do my duty under
the Federal Constitution, I cannot and will not
vote—I care not what it relates to, or what part
of the country it comes from—for the printing of
a petition of persons representing themselves as
acting in that capacity, because I am bound to
take judicial knowledge of the fact that there is no
such member of this Confederacy. I shall, there-
fore, vote against this motion, without reference
to the right of petition, to which I think there is
a great deal more importance attached than there
ought to be. I do not think there is any danger
or any fear that there will ever be a hearing re-
fused to any portion of the citizens of the United
States before Congress. They always can be
heard. The question of printing is a distinct one.
I think we are acting in defiance of our own judi-
cial knowledge of the matter, if we authorize to
be printed a representation purporting to come
from the Representatives and Senators of a State
which has no existence under the Federal Con-
stitution and laws.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish the true
issue in relation to this matter to be distinctly
stated here and understood by the public. I gen-
erally treat questions of this kind frankly, and I
hope fairly. Certainly my respect for the Senator
from Michigan would induce me to treat this
proposition with kindness, as far as his name can
be considered associated with it. But, sir, we
have had petitions from clergymen of the northern
States; we have had petitions here from large
bodies of men—mercantile associations, and men
associated for useful purposes, which have never
been printed except by the authority of the Com-
mittee on Printing. Here is apetition comingfrom
a self-constituted, arrogant, and usurping body,
and we are to print it. In other words, we are
to print the petition of a body styling themselves
"Members and Senators of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas," when we know there is no such
State. Are we to countenance this self-invest-
ment of sovereignty, in opposition to the legally
organized, constituted territorial government
there ? Are we to go to the expense of publish-
ing petitions brought from them before this body,
and make the proceedings of the Senate a vehicle
for publishing to the country the petitions of this
self-constituted body, that lias no authority and
no right anywhere ? If they have founded a right
anywhere, it is in an arrogant trespass and usurp-
ation.
Sir, I am astonished when I see proceedings
instituted under which States maybe spawned—
I use the strong expression, may be spawned—
at the pleasure of a majority of this body or the
other House, who are to recognize States, or to
make States, accordingly as a majority may re-
quire them for their purposes. It is worse than
the power of the Crown to make new lords to
carry a measure through the House of Peers.
If you have the power to make States ad libitum,
or to countenance them, or recognize those made
in such a way, I know no limit to the discretion
of a despotic majority, except it be that of inter-
est, to favor the strong at the expense of the weak,
and under the pretense and name of making
States to break down the Constitution of the
country.
I do not know that I have ever felt on any
occasion more sensibly an insult offered to the
Senate of the United States—a Senate composed of
regular authorized representatives of the States—
than now, when this impudent petition comes
here, and claims something like equality. If the
signers of this paper had come here speaking as
citizens in a Territory, or in anywise had not in-
vested themselves with this arrogant air of usurp-
ation—undisguised usurpation—I should receive
it without objection. Now, we are asked to
print this paper at the expense of the United
States. In other words, we are to put into the
hands of certain people the weapons by which we
are to be assailed, and to make the records of the
Senate a vehicle for such proceedings as have
taken place in Kansas Territory by printing this
petition, when we have refused the same favor to
almost every other petition.
I recollect on one occasion there came a peti-
tion here from a body styling itself the Legislature
of the State of New Mexico, and the Senate would
not allow it to be printed. That had some sem-
blance of right, because they were placed in such
a position that they could not protect themselves
Without the United States interfering to give them
