1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a government. Did we receive their petition ? I
believe it was received, and that was the end of
it. Rut now, in the face of the historical truth,
that here is a body of men, in the very bosom
of a community instituted by the Federal Gov-
ernment, setting up the banner of rebellion against
it by the most odious and vulgar usurpation to
which men can resort, I am to print their pro-
ceedings at the expense of my pocket, as far as I
have any interest in it. I should be sorry to see
such a paper receive any sanction from any
source—I care not from whence it comes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, "in looking
over the paper which is now presented, I find
that it purports, on its face, to be " the memorial
of the Senators and Representatives of the General
Assembly of the State of Kansas, now in ses-
sion. " I find that the signatures are all in one
handwriting, showing that it is not an original
paper. The most that can be said is, that it may
be the copy of some other memorial, presented
perhaps elsewhere. I perceive, on inspection,
various interlineations and erasures. All these
things are calculated to throw doubt on the gen-
uineness of the document, unless there be good
evidence that it is genuine. I understand that it
was delivered to the Senator from Michigan by
Colonel Lane, who claims to be United States
Senator from the State of Kansas I have not
had time to read the document and learn its con-
tents.
I do not know that I have any objection to the
reception and printing of the document, and its
reference to the Committee on Territories. After
what the committee, have done, I do not think
there can be much danger of the impression being
drawn from our action, that we intend to sanc-
tion the revolutionary proceedings in Kansas to
give validity to this self-styled bogus Legislature
which has been established there.
I feel some curiosity to know what these men
say in their own vindication. Having examined
all the facts in the case carefully, I am at a loss
to conceive what they can say m vindication of
their acts and conduct as citizens of the United
States. I am willing, therefore, so far as I am
concerned, to print this document—not because
they ask it, but because it will give us an oppor-
tunity of seeing on what ground they now put
their claim.
I am more willing to do this from the further
consideration, that heretofore they have assumed
the position of men defying the authority of the
United States, as has been clearly demonstrated,
and as cannot be denied. I wish to see whether
in this document they have asserted their ulterior
purpose, in the event that Congress shall reject
their application; and I have no doubt that it is a
matter of certainty that it will be rejected. I wish
to see whether they threaten, as they have here-
tofore threatened, to resist " to a bloody issue."
I wish to see whether in this paper they have
contemplated that event and threatened that vio-
lence in case they fail to get what they call redress
in the proper tribunal.
In this point of view I am willing to print the
Eaper. I am aware that those who send it here
ave-no right to demand that it shall be printed.
Our usage is to print all documents coming from
a State Legislature, as a matter of course, and
not to print other petitions unless specially or-
dered by the Senate. We have ordered petitions
to be printed in many cases. As the Senator
from Michigan desires to have this printed, and
as I cannot perceive that any harm will grow out
of it, I am entirely willing to agree to his motion.
If it does set forth the opinions and purposes
promulgated by the same people in their meetings
in Kansas, it should be printed, as it may be-
come necessary to have them before us in an
authoritative form.
In this point of view, and only in this point
of view, I shall vote for printing this petition.
If this were the first time when the question was
presented—if the opinion of the committee was
not known upon the subject—if it had not been
thoroughly discussed, and if it were not well
known from the discussion that no countenance
can be given here to these revolutionary proceed-
ings, I might hesitate about the printing, as an
implication might be drawn that we were giving
some countenance to the movements of these
men; but I am not apprehensive that any such
improper inference will be drawn from our action,
and hence I shall vote with the Senator from
Michigan to print the paper.
Mr. FOOT. The hour of half past twelve
o'clock has arrived, and I call for the considera-
tion of the special order which has been assigned
for that hour.
The PRESIDENT. The hour having arrived,
the special order must be taken up, the subject
under consideration going over until to-morrow
morning.
BOXJWTY LAND BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the House bill (H. R. No. 8)
to amend the " act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved March
3, 1855.
The bill as passed by the House of Represent-
atives simply proposes to repeal the provision of
the actof 1855 requinngrecord evidence of service
in all cases. The Senate Committee on Public
Lands reported the bill with an amendment m
the nature of a substitute, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert:
That in ail cases where a certificate or warrant for bounty
land for any less quantity thdii one hundred and sixty acies
shall have been imbued to any officer or soldier, or to the
widow or minor child or cinidren of any officer or &o)dier,
under existing laws, the evidence upon which such certifi-
cate or warrant was issued shall be received to establish
the service of such officer or soldier m the .application of
himself, or of hi  widow or minor child or children, for a
certificate or warrant for so much land as may be required
to make up the full sum of one hundred and sixty acre^, on
proof ot tiie identity of such officer or soldier, or jn case of
his death, of the martiage and identity of his widow, or in
case of her death, of the identity ol his minor child or chil-
dren : Provided, nevertheless, That, if upon a review of such
evidence the Commissioner of Pensions shall not be satisfied
that tne former certificate or wairant waspropeily granted,
he may require additional evidence, as well of the term as
of the fact of service.
Sec.2. Jliulbeitfurther enacted, That in all cases where
a pen-mon has been granted to any officei or soldier, the
evidence upon which such pension was granted shall he re-
ceived to establish the service of such officer or soldier in his
application tor bounty land under existing laws ; and upon
proof of his identity as such pensioner, a certificate or war-
rant may be issued to hnn for the quantity of land to which
he shall be entitled ; and in case of the death of such pen-
sioned officer or soldier, his widow shall be entitled to a
certificate or warrant for the same quantity of Jand to which
her husband would have been entitled, if living, upon proof
that she is such widow; and in case of the deatli of such
officer or soldier, leaving a minor child or children and no
widow, or where the widow may have deceased before the
issuing of any certificate or warrant, such minor child or
children shall be entitled to a certificate or warrant for the
same quantity of land as the father would have been en-
ntled to receive if h viug, upon proof of the decease of father
and mother: Provided, nevertheless, That if, upon a review
of such evidence, the Commissioner of Pensions shall not be
satisfied that the pension was ptoperly granted, he may re-
qune addiuonal evidence as well of the teim as of the fact
of service.
Sec. 3. Andbo it further enacted, That the term " record
evidence" in the third section of the act entitled "An act
m addition to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldici.s who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved the third day of
Maich, in the year 1855, shall be construed to embrace all
official registers, reports, or other statements cotempora-
neous with the military scrvice alleged, whether such legis-
tf rs, reports, or other statements be found ill the archivesof
the United States Government, or the archives of any State,
Temtorv, distuct, county, parish, city, town, village, or
other public corporation. And whenever it shall be made
to appear that any such official register, report, or other
statement has been destroyed or lost, the Commissioner of
Pensions is hereby authorized to receive secondary evi-
dence, in parol or otherwise, to establish the contents of
such register, report, or other statement, so as aforesaid lost
or destroyed: Provided, however, That in cases arising
under the ninth and eleventh sections of the act aforesaid,
the fact of service may be proved by parol testimony, under
such i ules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Pennons.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the seventh sec-
tion of the act above mentioned, approved the third day of
March, in the year 1655, shall be constiued as embracing
officers, marines, seamen, and other persons engaged in the
naval service of the United States during the revolutionary
war, and the widows and mmor children of ail such offi-
cers, marines, seamen, and other peisons engaged as afore-
SaSKC.5. And be it further enacted, That clerks and other
assistants of quartermasters, commissaries, paymasters,
suigeons, and assistant surgeons, together with artificers,
the servants of officers, and other persons employed in or
about the camps of the Army of the United States, and
subject to mihtarv law, as well as artificers, the servants ot
naval officers, and all other persons employed on board ot
the armed vessels of the United States during any ot the
wars specified in the first section of the act to which this is
an amendment, shall be entitled to the benefits of the said
aCSEC.6. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the said act shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the militia or volunteer
forces of any State who were mustered into the military
service of the United States, pursuant to any requisition or
call from a general officer commanding an army or military
department of the United States, in expectation of any con*
ceiled insurrection of the Indians or armed invasion jfroin
abroad.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the said act shall extend to all persons who have served
as volunteers with the armed foices of the United States^
subject to military orders for the space of fourteen days, In
any of the wars specified in the first section of the said act,
whether such persons were or were not mustered into the "
service of the United States: Provided, however ^ That in
cases arising under this section the Commissioner of Pen-
sions be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive the affida-
vit, or other authenticated statement or report, of any officer
of the ^.rmy of the United States, in obedience to whose*
commands, or with whom, such military service was ren-
dered, if record evidence thereof cannot be produced.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the widows and
minor children of all such persons as are specified in the last
three sections of this act, and are now dead, shall be en-
titled to the same privileges as the widows and minor chil-
dren of the beneficiaries named in the act to which this is
an amendment.
Mr. FOOT. There is a verbal error in the
first line of the fourth section of the substitute
which I desire to correct now. The word " sev-
enth" should read "eighth." The reference is
to the eighth and not the seventh section of the
act of 1855. I suppose that correction will be
made as a matter of cou rse. N
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a very brief ex-,
position of the bill before us, and of the views of.
the committee on the general subject, is all that
I desire.
Mr. IVERSON. I have some amendments to
offer before the honorable Senator makes his ex-
planation in relation to the bill, if he will allow
me.
Mr. FOOT. I submit to the Senator from
Georgia, that his amendments will come in in order
after I shall have explained very briefly the gen-
eral character of the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well, sir.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a very brief ex-
position of the bill before us, and of the views of
the committee upon the general subject, is all that
I shall attempt, and all that is deemed necessary
for the present. Two bills, together with numer-
ous memorials praying for various modifications,
of the existing laws granting bounty land, were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
received from that committee, in consultation with
the Commissioner of Pensions, a thorough, full,
and patient examination. One of those bills had
been introduced here by myself upon leave, the
leading object of which was to obviate what I
regarded as a mistaken or erroneous construction,
by the Pension Office, of some of the provisions
of the bounty land act of March, 1855, by which
erroneous construction the manifest intentions of
Congress in the adoption of thoseprovisions were,
to a considerable extent, defeated.
The other was a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, containing a single section, repealing
so much of the third section of the bounty land
act of 1855 as requires record evidence of military
service in order to entitle the party to the benefits
of the act.
The committee, after full and careful examina-
tion and consideration of the whole subject, re-
ported back the House bill with sundry proposi-
tions of amendment: First, to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the House bill; and then,
to substitute the several sections which have just
been read; and which embrace, among other
provisions, some of the provisions contained in
the Senate bill which was introduced by my-
self, while others were rejected by the committee
upon advice with the Commissioner of Pensions.
I should have preferred to retain all the provis-
ions of the Senate bill which I introduced, but, as-
a compromise of conflicting opinions, I shall sus-
tain and vote for the proposed substitute to the
House bill as agreed upon and reported by the
committee.
It is proper to say here, that the committee, in
considering the several bills and memorials re-
ferred to them, came to the determination, and
I think with entire unanimity, not to adopt or
recommend any provision by which the general
scope of the act of 1855 should be enlarged or its
principles changed; but they determined to con-
fine and limit their recommendations to such
amendments as seemed to be required, in order
the more clearly to define certain provisions of
that act to prescribe in more precise, terms the.
