ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
Upon this estimate the committee, apportion-
ing the amount with relation to the dispatch which
is pursued relatively on all the works, find the
sum proper to be expended which is stated in the
amendment. This is so of every one of these
cases. It would only delay the Senate to go
through and show these estimates, but we are
prepared to show them in all cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word or
two in relation to the action of the committee, not
to discuss the principle of internal improvements,
which, as the Senator from New York justly
observes, has been discussed for the last fifteen
or twenty years usque ad nauseam. The prin-
ciple upon which the committee have gone, in
relation to harbors on the northern lakes, has
been simply this: They considered our entire
ijorthern frontier, separating us from the British
possessions in Canada, as- entitled to the same
advantages, as regards for facilities for naviga-
tion and commerce, as the Atlantic seacoast.
The peculiar physical features of these lakes are
well known. Their southern shores form the
northern boundary of a number of the States of
this Union. The commerce borne upon them is
enormous in magnitude. Owing to the peculiar
formation of the lakes, there is scarcely, on their
southern shores, a single natural harbor of refuge;
and property and life are constantly exposed to
hazard.
Under these circumstances, the committee con-
sidered that it was one of the first duties of the
Government, if any internal improvements were
to be made, to provide for a series of harbors of
refuge on the southern shores of these lakes.
WJien the northern winds blow, the southern
shores of the lakes become the lee-shore. There
is no natural harbor of refuge there, and some
place must be provided for the safety of life and
commerce. Accordingly, the committee has had
Under its consideration a series of reports from
the board of topographical engineers, and has
determined to report in favor of the construction
of breakwaters and harbors along the southern
shores of these lakes, sufficient, according to the
reports of the proper officers of the Government,
to afford the requisite, the indispensable safety
to life and commerce.
- All these bills have been reported before. They
are all based upon estimates; they all rest upon
the same principle. Although I confess that there
appears on the face of the objection made by the
Senator from Virginia to be something reason-
able, and that the committee are pressing these
bills through with a haste which seems to him
somewhat indecorous, it is to be remembered that
we are subjected by the action of the President of
the United States to the necessity of bringing in
before the Senate fifty or one hundred bills instead
of asingle bill; and that is the reason of the extraor-
dinary portion of time which has been devoted
to this subject at the present session. If the Pres-
ident of the United States had not in his former
veto messages informed the Senate that he was
desirous of investigating each proposed improve-
ment on its individual merits, and that lie was
ready to sign his name to such bills as might be
passed by Congress as in his estimation provided
for improvements of a national character, the com-
mittee would have reported just such a bill as had
been habitually reported in former years; but we
were obliged to take out every appropriation in the
former general appropriation bills for subjects of
internal improvement, and make each one a dis-
tinct bill. The consequence is, that we have been
compelled by the action of the Executive to con-
sume a vast deal of the time of the Senate which
otherwise could have been spared. It is for this
reason that the bills come up in this shape.
The bills, apparently, are numerous; but yet
the aggregate amount of the whole falls far short
of what gentlemen suppose. Something between
two and three millions of dollars is the entire ap-
propriation for protecting the commerce of the
country, for protecting its navigation, for protect-
ing life and property exposed to danger on the
northern lakes, 011 the western rivers, and 011 the
Atlantic coast. The committee has not gone to
any extravagant extent. The impression that it
has gone to an extravagant extent, I repeat, is cre-
ated* from the circumstance, that we have been
compelled to bring in, for every little item, a dis-
tinct bill. If Senators will take the pains now to
refer to the distinct bills, they will find that the
amount of appropriations is much similar to that
which has formerly been passed, whenever we
have had the fortune to have a general appropria-
tion bill signed by the President.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator state the
amount?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Something between two
and three millions of dollars. I cannot state it
exactly. I think it is very nearly two millions
five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask whether there
has been any regular estimate for these works
from the topographical bureau, or whether the
so-called estimates have not been merely re-
sponses to questions put either by individual
members of Congress, or by some resolution of
one House or the other? I would ask further,
whether these estimates state the entire" amount
that is to be expended on these works in order to
complete them? For instance, we made an ap-
propriation, and the bill has passed—the veto of
the President having been overruled—for the St.
Clair flats. I forget what it is. Can the Sena-
tor from Michigan inform me what is the amount
of that appropriation ?
Mr. CASS. Forty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. And yet I have been in-
formed, on authority which I consider pretty
good, that to complete that work, so as to put it
in permanent form, will cost something like two
or three millions of dollars.
Mr. CASS. Oh, no; you are entirely misin-
formed.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir, between two and
three millions of dollars.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to explain. I am sure he would not mis-
state it. There is no such estimate. Colonel
Graham, who went to the lakes last fall, has in-
spected the work at the mouth of St. Clair river.
It has been estimated, heretofore, that it would
cost, I think, something like the amount of forty-
five thousand dollars, without the dredging ma-
chine. The dredge has been paid for out of a
former appropriation. It was continued by in-
dividual subscription, and by the Canadian Gov-
ernment last summer. Colonel Graham thinks
it is filling up; and, as I observed before, the sand
of Lake St. Clair may be washing in. If so, it
must be removed; that is the remedy. I am told,
as I repeat, by Captain Nicholas, of the Navy, that
it has not been filled up. Colonel Graham has gone
on and surveyed a channel there which he con-
siders better than that provided for by law; and
he estimates that, I think, at $530,000, as I stated
yesterday. A work has now been ordered by
Congress there; I hope it will succeed. 1 repeat,
we cannot tell precisely the nature of these works.
Such a revolution is going on, that we do not
understand them exactly; but as to the estimate
which the honorable Senator states, I think I may
safely say that there is none, for I have Colonel
Graham's estimate in my desk, and it is nothing
like that amount.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say there was an
estimate sent in by the board for two millions
and a half; but I said I had been informed on
pretty good authority, as the general opinion of
men acquainted with such subjects, that it would
take something like two or three millions of dollars;
that the present work was filling up; that as long
as you made these small appropriations, whatever
you did would be temporary in its effect and
character, and that, unless you made very extens-
ive sea-walls, it would be impossible to make a
permanent improvement there. I have also heard
it said in reference to the bar on the Mississippi
liver, which we passed a bill to clear out, that it
must be an annual improvement; that the opera-
tions of next year will replace the sand which we
dredge out this year, and it must be an annual
But what I ask is, if we are to enter on these
internal improvements, that we shall do it on
something like a system; that we shall know the
principles 011 which we are expending the money;
that we shall know the considerations by which
we are to be guided in appropriating money for
these improvements. And, further, I think we
have a right to ask that we shall be informed as
to the probable amount of the entire cost for
which these works are to be completed; so that
we may know what it is we are undertaking when
we enter upon these expenditures.
Now, I have a right to complain of the Com-
mittee on Commerce that it (Joes not present to
us some such information. I have not heard, for
instance, in regard to the harbor now under con-
sideration, what it is going to cost "to complete
it. The Senator from New York tells me'this is
the estimate of what Colonel Graham proposes
to do; but will this money complete the harbor,
or how much more shall we have to expend on
it?
Again: are we to make these harbors of refuge
wherever anybody chooses to petition for them on
the southern shores of the lakes; or are they to be
made at places which are likely to become great
centers of commerce ? There must be some lim-
itation of expediency, if there be none of princi-
ple, on such a system of expenditure as tins: un-
less there be, it will engulf the Treasury of the
United States. I believe, if something is not done
to arrest it, it will do that at any rate in less than
ten years.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the statement of the
Senator from Louisiana does not exhibit the true
state of the case in reference to these expendi-
tures; that is, we are not able to comprehend
the whole extent of it from his statement. That
Senator says that the committee have the esti-
mates, and that the appropriations now proposed
are between two and three milllions of dollars.
We are not indebted to the committee for even
that amount. I think the Committee on Com-
merce reported, and the Senate passed a bill ap-
propriating over six hundred thousand dollars for
the improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi.
Am I correct?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMRS. And that bill also contained
a provision to continue the work forever. The
House of Representatives cut the amount down
to $300,000. There is no particular sense in that,
if the improvement is to be made; for, if one hun-
dred thousand dollars be needed, three hundred
thousand may be thrown away. As we have just
heard from the Senator from New York,another
member of the committee, they got reports from
the topographical engineers, and then they say,
"We will appropriate fifty thousand or one hun-
dred thousand dollars of this sum, because it is
as much as we can conveniently spend this year;"
that is to say, it is as much as they dare spend,
in order to make the people bear it. " There are
$20,000,000 in the Treasury; now we will take so
much of it, and appropriate a little here and there."
That is the system. We heard from the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yesterday what was
the result of it. Many of these estimates were
made years ago I understand, without reference
to the present state of things. What reliance is
to be placed on them ?
In addition to what the Senator from Illinois
said yesterday, I may refer to the Cape Fear river
as an example of what you have done. The
Government spent §250,000 there, to put up the
same things spoken of by the Senator from New
York. You run out wings and dams. Last year
the people came here and told us that we had
ruined their river; the topographical engineer
had adopted asystem which destroyed their river;
and they got $150,000 to remove your work.
This may be on the same principle. A great
many of your improvements have been utterly
worthless. You constructed a dam oil the Ohio
river, opposite a famous place called Smithfield—
the Cumberland dam—and that Cumberland dam
has been the subject-matter of contest ever since
I have been in Congress. An appropriation is
made for its repair one year, and the next year
there is a struggle to take it away. I know there
has been a very severe strife between the two
sides of the question. One side has told us that the
attempt to force the water away from its natural
channel to the other side of the river injured the
navigation. I have heard the question repeatedly
discussed by gentlemen of the contiguous States.
The Senator from Louisiana has told us that
the appropriation made by these bills is about two
million five hundred thousand dollars. I think
it amounts to more. At an earlier period of the
session, when I made a speech 011 the subject,
somewhat at length, I took up these bills, and I
found that, including the St. Clair flats and the
Mississippi river bill, those reported by the
Senate committee involved about three millions
of dollars. #
