98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
was taken over into Missouri and lynched, because
he daivd, simply on patriotic grounds, to dispute
the right of the member to his seat, into which he
had been voted by these armed men from Mis-
souri !
Sir, the whole power and patronage of this
Government, from the time when the Kansas and
Nebraska act went into operation to this hour,
has bee 11 given to crush out the freemen of Kansas,
and to plant the institution of slavery upon that
virgin soil. Read the papers which support the
Administration in that Territory, and what do we
find ? The Squatter Sovereign says:
" We hope tlie Thirty-Fourth Congress will be the last
Congress" that will ever assemble, and that the southern
luen'commg into Kansas will be prepared to range Kansas
in the southern Republic."
The paper which made that declaration receives j
the patronage and support of this law-abiding, lib- j
erty-loving, Union-saving Administration, which !
the Senator from Connecticut is always the most
prompt, the first—and about the only—Senator
nere to support. [Laughter ] '
Sir, I have before mc an extract from another
of those Union-loving, law-abiding organs of tho ,
Administration in Kansas, which supports the 1
law-and-order party there, of which we read so
much in the correspondence before us. The
Kickapoo Pioneer—a paper sustained by the
friends of this Administration—gives us the fol-
lowing fine specimen of its jegard for law and
order:
" The South must be up and doing; Kansas must and
shall be a slave State. Mark what we say, southern free-
men ! Come along with your negroes, and plow up every
inch of ground that is at this time disgraced and defaced by
an abolition plow. Send the scoundrels back to whence
they came, or send them to hell—it matters not which
destination; suit your own convenience. Sound the bugle
of war over the length and breadth of the land, and leave
not an Abolitionist in the Territory to rela e their treach-
erous and contaminating deeds. Strike your piercing rifle-
- balls and your glittering steel to their black and poisonous
hearts; let the war-cry never cease in Kansas aaain until
our Territory is divested of the last vestige of abohuonism."
The paper which utters such sentiments is the
supporter of the President, and the organ and
supporter of the policy which meets so warmly
the approbation of the Senator from Connecti-
cut.
The officers of the United States in the Terri-
tory of Kansas—the judges, the district attorney,
the secretary, and the marshal—are all slave State
men, and their influence has been given in favor
of making Kansas a slave State. Governor Reed-
er, who undertook to protect the people in their
legal rights, was stricken down under the pre-
tense that he had been speculating in the public
blood of any man who refused to be enslaved."
| And this trustworthy authority adds: "All these
facts we are prepared to establish, if necessary,
j by proof that would be considered competent in
! any court of Justice."
! Mr. GEYER. Will the Senator allow me to
state my information on that subject ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, sir.
I Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, when that charge
i was made yesterday, I was not prepared to prove
, a negative; therefore I did not interrupt the Sen-
ator. I have since made inquiries of the Repre-
sentative in the other House of the district in
which General Atchison resides, to ascertain from
him whether General Atchison had crossed the
borders at that time. He answered, " No; he
was not there." I inferred, therefore, that Gen-
eral Pomerov had given the information upon the
authority of some one else^ and not of his own
knowledge. The only time, so far as I have been !
able to learn, when General Atchison crossed into j
Kansas at all during the period of any disturb- j
ance there, was the last one which was mentioned j
in the report read before the Senate yesterday. '
At that time it was apprehended there would be i
a serious collision ana much destruction of life
between those who had collected at Wakarusa
and the citizens of Lawrence. At that time Gen-
eral Atchison, together with some two or three
j i other gentlemen—his neighbors—went over for
I, the purpose of persuading those at Wakarusa to
forbearance. He counseled peace. That was his
errand at that time in the Territory. So much
j was he indisposed to any collision between the
1 citizens of Missouri, or those who are represented
to have been citizens of Missouri, and the inhab-
i itants of Lawrence, that he left his home for the
purpose of interposing as a peace-maker. After- w   
wards, it is true—after the pacification had taken against the consent of the Governor, who refused
men who were threatening Lawrence with swift
destruction.
I When 1 yielded the floor yesterday for an ad-
journment, I was speaking of the election of the
30th of March, 1855. The result of that election
was, that the nineteen districts in Kansas were
carried by the pro-slavery party, and that more
than six thousand votes were given in that Terri-
tory, where, thirty days before, there were less
than three thousand voters.
The question was put yesterday by the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut, why the Governor
gave certificates of election on that occasion ? I
will simply say, that Governor Reeder, in the
cases brought before him, did refuse to deliver
the certificates; that he made the refusal in the
presence of the men who claimed them, with
bowie-knives and revolvers in their belts, and
amidst threats of his life; and while he read the
statement he held a cocked revolver in his hand
for necessary self-defense. There were a few
devoted friends around him expecting to see him
murdered on that occasion. In the cases not, at
the time, contested—in the cases where, at the
time, no one dared to raise a question—in the
cases where, at the time, a contest was neglected—
the certificates were given. A new election was
ordered in those cases where the certificates were
set aside, and in pursuance thereof, the people
elected representatives and councilors, and com-
missions were issued to them. They met on the
2d day of July at Pawnee, and both branches of
the Legislature, without examining the facts, and
positively refusing to do so, voted out the men
chosen by the people of Kansas, and voted in the
men originally chosen by the Missouri invaders.
This Legislature, thus chosen, moved the place
of meeting from Pawnee to Shawnee Mission,
i place, as mentioned in the report, and he was
about to return home—there was a gallant captain
of mounted men at Lawrence who proposed to
proceed and capture him. He was, to the credit
of the commanding officer at Lawrence, restrained
from doing so. That is the only instance within
my knowledge, and so far as I have been able to
ascertain from the Representative of his district,
when General Atchison crossed the border at all.
Mr. WILSON. I place, sir, the written
declaration of General Pomeroy, a gentleman
thoroughly conversant with affairs in Kansas,
and a gentleman of the strictest veracity, against
the statement of the Senator from Missouri. The
facts stated in this memorial, drawn up by General
Pomeroy, have been published to the world, and
afterwards to recognize it as a Legislature. They
went on and passed the laws which are now
brought here. Some of those laws are as inhuman
as any code ever presented for the Government
of a conquered people.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate and
of the country to some of these laws forced upon
the people who were ailured to Kansas by the
assurance that they were empowered to shape
their own institutions. Here is a precious enact-
ment:
" If any person print, write, introduce into, or publish,
or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written,
published or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing or circulating within this
Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, handbill
, —   1& ... WIV „uultv, . - . j , „ . °r circular, containing any statements, arguments, opinion,
lands. OfabouttwentyofficersoftheFederalGov--! "ev6r 40 ™y knowledge questioned before. That sentiment, doctrine, advice or innuendo, calculated to
' ™ • 1 General Atchison entered Kansas at that election P™"® disorderly, dangerous br rebellious disaffection
I do not entertain the shadow of a doubt. That or t0 induce such slaves
it can be clearly established by persons of veracity U'oTyXu^ pun^hed'by
and character i am assured by gentlemen now in imprisonment, at hard labor, for a term not less than five
eminent in the Territory, nineteen are slave State
men, and one is a free State man; but already he
is marked by Atchison, and another designated
for his place. Within the last ten days, men from
Kansas have called upon the Executive to remon-
strate against this strikingdown of apublic officer,
'simply for the crime of being in favor of free in-
stitutions.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded to
a motion to adjourn.]
Tuesday, February 19, 1856.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. GEYER. If the, Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, 1 desire, before he pro-
ceeds, to ask him a question. I understood him
to state yesterday, upon the authority of General
Pomeroy, that a former presiding officer of this
body (meaning, of course, my late colleague) had
entered Kansas Territory for some unlawful pur-
pose, armed with bowie-knives and pistols. I
destre first to know whether General Pomeroy
states that on his own knowledge; and then, at
what time it was that he is supposed to have en-
tered that Territory thus armed > Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to answer?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I very cheer-
fully answer the questions submitted to me by the
honorable Senatorfrom Missouri. I stated yester-
day, on the authority of General Pomeroy, that
on the 30th of March, 1855, the late President of
f ?®n5,te e.ntered the eighteenth election district
i t T?rrit017 Kansas, near Moorestown,
ana that he was armed " with a bowie-knife and
revolver around kirn, apparently ready to shed the
this city from Kansas,
Sir, I do not wish to do injustice to the gentle-
man who so recently filled your chair. When
Congress assembled in December, 1854, he was
not here; and you, sir, were placed in the seat
which the Senate hsul assigned to him. He came
here afterwards, spent a few weeks, and about
the 1st of February 4eft the capital for his home
in western Missouri, with the avowal that he
went to look after affairs in Kansas, and to organ-
ize for the election to take place on the 30th of
March. General Atchison was the organizing,
moving spirit of that Missouri movement, from
which all
years.
This law, thus enacted, is the law that is to be
executed in Kansas, if need be, by the sabers of
the United States cavalry. If the men from the
free States in that Territory should print or cir-
culate this sentiment uttered by the President
of the United States, on the 1st day of January,
1851, in the constitutional convention of New
Hampshire—
—" I would take the ground of the non-extension of slavery,
that slavery should not become stronger." "What one
thing iS-there connected with slavery that is not obnox-
I say that, if these avowals were circulated in
that Territory, the person circulating them might
be denounced as circulating a speech that was
of these unlawful transactions have
originated.
J thf T* ,he th ' as; us „ Md
the honorable Senator from Missouri is sensitive i in bondage
in regard to the position of General Atchison. It
is now admitted that there was an unlawful inva- I
sionof Kansas by excited and armed men, and
that the late President of the Senate left his home
in western Missouri, and passed over into Kan-
If a slaveholder should find in the hand of
some one of his bondmen, who may have been
taught in spite of legal prohibitions to read the
~J\c°I?™an"ments, the pregnant question of the
aas, and used his personal influence" with" the'se k " What one
men he had once organized, to prevent their fm- j obnfx ous^rd h^ n^ thinfir,?,th? T0t
bruing their hands in the blood of the people of noxlou.s- would he not think it at least a dan-
Kansas, and making Lawrence a heap of ruins.
I congratulate the Senate and the country, that
IA SlflnotAM  * K' • 1 i *
the Senator from Missouri has made the state-
ment to which we have listened. I hope it will
go forth to the country, that the late President of
the Senate went over to Kansas, not to aid Shan-
non in executing the laws, but to restrain the
— -- — .uv.wv & dan *
g^rous innuendo," calculated to create " disaf-
fection " in the bosom of his slave ? And, sir, if
m his wrath he should make the discovery that a
son of the Granite State had " caused to be circu-
lated " this sentiment of the prominent son of his
native New Hampshire, would he not try the
virtues to be found in the term of five years' inv-
pnsonmant ? If some slaveholder should find in
