1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will state to him that the bills re-
ported by the committee for harbors on the lakes
amount to $1,644,738; for rivers, $495,000; making
altogether $2,139,738. Add the bills which have
been passed, notwithstanding the disapproval of
the President, $330,000 for the Mississippi river,
{145,000 for the St. Clair flats, and $100,000
for the St. Clair river, and you have a total of
$2,614,738.
Mr. TOOMBS. That shows that my idea was
more accurate than that of the committee. If
you add to the sum stated by the Senator from
New York the three hundred thousand dollars
struck out of the Mississippi river bill by the
House of Representatives, you have over two
million nine hundred thousand dollars. Yester-
day there was a forty-four thousand dollar amend-
ment proposed by the committee to one of the
Wisconsin harbor bills. Adding these sums to-
gether, the total ampunt'iss over three millions of
Mr. BENJAMIN.- It ought to be $5,000,000.
Mr. SEWARD. The sum which I stated in-
cluded the amendment offered yesterday.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Louisiana
thinks the amount ought to be $5,000,000. I have
no doubt he supposes it ought to bo §50,000,000;
and all those benefited by the appropriation
would vote $50,000,000 if they could gfctit.
Now, sir, we should consider for whom we are
voting this money. We are actually voting
money for a portion of the States of the Union
which are outside tlie pale of the Constitution.
Wisconsin docs not obey the laws of the United
States; Vermont does not obey the laws; Mas-
sachusetts is not within their pale. You levy a
tax of $3,000,000 to be paid by my constituents
to make improvements for States that are outside
of the Constitution of the country. The Senator
from Louisiana may think that an nppropi iation
of $3,000,000 is not enough, and that it ought to
be $5,000,000; but I can tell these gentlemen that
the people of this country have ever been justly
jealous of extortions from their pockets. The
Revolution started from a tax of three pence a
pound on tea. As far as I am concerned, rather
than submit to the system which is inaugurated
here, I do not hesitate to tell my constituents that
they ought to defend their purses with their
swords. I consider it a system of audacious
plunder, to which no free people ought to' sub-
mit.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I desire to say
a word as to the St. Clair 11,its, for the improve-
ment of which I understand an appropriation of
$45,000 has been made at this session. 1 heard,
incidentally, as 1 stated yesterday, that Colonel
Graham, who is in charge of tie; works on a por-
tion of the lakes, had made a report on the sub-
ject, which I had not seen. 1 have looked at it
since; and, on examining it, I find—j introduce
it only as illustrative of the uttcily ciude and
undigested system of internal improvements which
is now about to be taken up—that former esti-
mates had been made by some of the topograph-
ical corps; that for the dredging and clearing out
of the channel way over these flats to a width of
six hundred feet would amount to $45,000. That
sum was appiopnated by the bill'. That very
intelligent and able engineer goes on to say, from
what he hod learned—and his subsequent inform-
ation confirmed it—that meicly to dredge out and
clear away the sand would amount to nothing,
because one winter's storms would replace it. He
states that, i nnsmuch as no aj >propi iation had been
made I'or this work for two or three years, and
perhaps longer, some of the citizens of the coun-
try, 1 think of Detroit, took up the matter them-
selves, and raised a purse for the purpose of doing
this work at their own expense; and he, under the
authority of the Government, lent them a dredg-
ing machine. They went to woik during one
season, and did clear out the sand to a certain
distanco, increasing the depth of water, I think,
from six or eight feet to thirteen feet. !
.!0lle! graham reports ihat it will be perfectly
idle in his .judgment to attempt to make a durable
and permanent channel over these flats, unless, ;
after you clear out the channel, you protect ic
from the invasion of the sands by some structure
or abutments, on either side, that will keen them
OUt:
Wi
In order to ascertain whether his theory
these wire shifting sands, and that
the channel would fill up again, if it was not pro-
tected, he states that, after the work had thus
been done by the citizens of Detroit, he examined
it in the following season, and he found it in the
condition which I will read:
" The result of the soundings taken by Captain Macomb
and myself, on tlie 13th of November, is shown on the ac-
companying map, marked G. No. 35. It will there be seen
that the depth of a portion of the dredged channel had di-
minished as much as one and a half to two feet, and that
the average diminution thioughout was one foot within an
average period of Unity-seven days, deducting the portion
of October, in which no dredging was done."
He then goes on, very conclusively, to reason
that you may dredge out from year to year, but,
unless you protect the work against the invasion
of the sands, all that you do will amount to noth-
ing. The appropriation of $45,000, which has
been made, is to do this dredging alone. The
same gentleman has estima^d that the cheapest
(which is the most destructible) structures that
you can put there, would be to drive piles down
on either side; and he says that the ice and floods
in winter would dislocate and destroy them, and
in the course of two or three years render them
of no value. You would have to put them there
at the expense of over sixty-four thousand dol-
lars. He then proposes, as the only mode by
which this work can be done, to make an appro-
priation for dredging to the amount of over forty-
six thousand dollars; and for close piling, to pro-
tect the work until they can make a more durable
structure, and for that time only, over sixty-four
thousand dollars. Then for two parallel piers to
be built in a permanent manner, as a substitute
for this piling, it will require $392,000. He es-
timates, therefore, that in order to do this work
in such a manner as to be of any value, even to
the people of the country, for which we have ap-
propriated at this session $45,000, will require
for a channcl only three hundred feet wide,
$502,453; and for a channel six hundred feetwide,
$53o<)!)].
Now, I ask, of what earthly value, except to the-
contractors who receive this money, is the dredg-
ing to be accomplished by the $45,000 to be? We
are informed by the engineer of the Government,
that when dredging was done there two or three
years ago, in thirty-seven days the channel fell
'off a foot and a half; and you propose now, with-
out having any sea-wall alongside to protect the
work, to expend $45,000 in removing those sands,
which shift from year to year.'
I cannot but think that, if the Government is to
embark in a system of expenditures for the pur-
pose of making these harbors, improving these
rivers, and building these sea-walls upon the
lakes, (whatever may be the doctrine of the Dem-
ocratic faith as to instituting a great system of
works of this character, and carrying it 011, or
taking it up one by one, and carrying it on piece-
meal,) it would be far better for the benefit of
the country, and for the economy of the Treas-
tuy, to take that plank which relates to internal
improvements out of the Democratic platform,
and either to put none there, or to put one which
would insure some well-digested, defined, bene-
ficial, and advantageous work when it is done;
for it is to cost the country 111 the end countless
millions—probably hundreds of millions.
Mr. CASS. I do not wish to make any re-
marks to the Senate on this subject generally. I
have done that already. But I desire to make a
single observation in reference to the St. Clair
Ha*.,-,, of which the Senator from Virginia has
spoken. As to the platform of the Democratic
faith, General Jackson 'sand Mr. Calhoun's plank
is e ood enonghfor me. I do not want any moie.
The honoiable Senator from Virginia is mis-
taken in reference to the St. Clair flats. Tho
difficulty is not what he supposes. The obstruc-
tion at the mouth of the St. Clair river is not
sand, but firm, imbedded clay, which it is ascer- ;
tamed has not changed for generations. Last [
not two or three1 years ago, as the Senator |
supposes—a subscription was raised upon the :
various cities 011 the lakes, principally in Buffalo, i
which is peculiarly interested, some m Chicago, ]
and some m Detroit, to which the Canadian Gov-
ernment added $35,000, and this Government, as '
the Senator says, lent a dredge-boat. Lending -
that dredge-boat saved it to tho Government, for
it was^sunk under the water at the time, and
would naisc been ruined if left to remain as it was, !
find the®9 people were compelled to take it up and
work, it and deliver it in good order. They did
so. They partly opened a channel. Colonel
Graham went upon that lake last fall—late in the
fall, in N ovember. He went down to look at that
work. He is a very honorable man—none more
so in the world—but he had not before a knowl-
edge of the improvement and its situation. All
that had been done was done a month or two be-
fore—hastily done with inadequate means, and it
is very possible that on that little Lake St. Clair,
which is perhaps about fifteen miles in circum-
ference, the sand may have come into a portion
of the channel. That may be the case at this
moment. The sand may have run into the trench,
but the trench itself is made by digging into hard-
pan. 1 repeat now what I said yesterday, that
Captain Nicholas, of the Navy, has written to
me, stating that what Colonel Graham says of it
is a mistake. I left his letter at my rooms. I
should have brought it here if I had thought the
subjcct would have been alluded to. I submit
whether or not we ought to say that there will
be no good from an appropriation which is to
open a channel for but a comparatively small dis-
tance exposed to nothing but the waves of that
lake, and when the channel will be dug in hard-
pan. What has been done is of vast importance
to navigation at this moment; but, sir, I will not
detain the Senate on the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I thought I
had quit this subjectentirely; but I think it ought
not to be left to pass on the representations made
merely by the friends of these local measures.
If you were to call it a general system of internal
improvements, such as a communication from
Buffalo to New Orleans, across the land or by
water, there would be but one voice from gentle-
men of a certain school of politics. We should
be told that it was against platforms and uncon-
stitutional. When, however, it assumes some-
what of a local habitation, and has its contribu-
tions of a particular kind, it is altogether recon-
cilable to platforms and constitutions, and is
worthy of the support of some of the most dis-
tinguished men on this floor, on the ground—and
they cannot disguise it—of regulating commerce
by the Treasury of this Government, or rather
of making an experiment for its regulation; be-
cause, as far as I have inquired about the effect
of these appropriations for dredging, the winds
and the waves and the sands fill them up, perhaps
as soon as they are dug out. It is a mere ex-
periment.
But, sir, when the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, for whom I have a very high personal
regard and great veneration, undertakes to quote
Mr. Calhoun, and General Jackson, and says
that he intends to stand on the plank which they
afford him to dig a trench at the St. Clair flats,
I beg leave to tell him they afford him no such
plank. Now, I appeal to his candor, can he,
consistently with Mr. Calhoun's doctrines and
limitations, say, that Mr. Calhoun could have
voted for an appropriation for the St Clair flats?
Mr. CASS. I have sent for his Memphis re-
port, and I will show his own principles in his
own language.
_ Mr. BUTLER. He was opposed to commer-
cial harbors being established by the money of
this Government, as the Senator himself stated
yesterday. Then I do not see bow he could be
willing to cut a ditch to get to such a harbor.
^ Mr. CzVSS. On that point I have sent for Mr.
Calhoun's Memphis report, and that will show
his position. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina and myself have had this controversy
a great many times, and 1 will say now, as 1 have
said before, that he stands at this day where he
stood in Mr. Calhoun's day. He did not agree
with Mr. Calhoun on that point. Mr. Calhoun
maintained that, under the power to regulate com-
merce, this Government had not only the au-
: thority, but it was its duty to improve rivers,
I and to remove obstructions from harbors. Mr.
Calhoun confined the doctrine to harbors of
refuge. Why ? What reasons did he give for
it ? If the power to regulate commerce gave, you
authority to make a harbor, you would naturally
suppose that it was a power to make a harbor for
any purpose relating to commerce. Mr. Calhoui)
went back to ante-revolutionary times, and, I
think justly, contended ill that respect, that our
Constitution contains provisions which ore to
receive an interpretation from the state of things
