104
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
Maxwell, McMuJIin, McQueen, Smith; Miller, Malison,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck,; Powell, Quitman, RufTm, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Warner,
Watkins, Winslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
Jile, Cox. Cullep, Henry Winter Davis, EtheHdge, Eustis,
Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Kennett, Lake, Lindley, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready,
Rivers, William It. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe, Under-
wood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, ana Scout
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Whitney—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Richardson.
Sir. EUSTIS. As we appear to be mating no
progress, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The House proceeded to vote the eighty-fourth
time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 203, necessary to a
choice, 102; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 98
William A. Richardson 66
Henry M. Fuller.. 29
Alexander C. M. Pennington    6
James L. Orr  I
John Williams...  1
Thomas R, Whitney  1
Paulus Powell  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, IHIlmglwist, Bingham, Bliss,
BradnftaW, Brenton, Buffington, Burhngume, Jame^ II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,EzraClark, Clavv-
fcon, Colfax, Coimns, Cragin, Cuntback, Damrell, Timothy
DavLs Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dur-
feo, F.dic, Emm.*, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howaui, Hughston, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matte-
son, McCarty, iVlcacham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle,
Purvianco, Oitehie, Sabm,Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Sftanahau, Tappan, Tlionngton,Thurston, Todd,
Trutton, Tyson, Wade, VYakcman, Walbridge, Waldron,
CadwaladcrC. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richardson — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry S. Bennett, Bocook, Bowie, Boyoe,
Brooks, Cadwaladcr, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Howell
Cobb,Williamson R. w. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, DowdclJ, Edmumkson. Elliot. Knurlish. F;iuiknpr
well, Letehor, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMulhn, Mcllueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Motdecai
Oliver, Orr, Peck, Powell, (imtman, Ihiflin, Rust, Sanduige,
Savage, Seward, Shortei, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Taylor,Warner, Watkins,Winslow, and
John V. Wright.
Riv<>rs, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolheoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
F^or Mr. Whitney—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Powell—Mr. Ricbanbon. I
Mr. McMULLTN. Mr. Clerk, [loud shouts \
of "Call the roll!" from all parts of the Hall,] I j
will thank gentlemen to behave a little better; j
they cannot cry nic down. It is now, sir, Satur- j
day evening, [laughter,] and we cannot possibly !
make an election to-night. I will take this occa-1
sion, however, to give notice to gentlemen that on .
Monday evening next, unless my mind changes, j
I shall be willing to remain here and continue in j
session until we can cffcct an election. 1 now move j
that the House adjourn.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not, ordered.
Mr, ORR^ I call for tollers.
Messrs. Eustis and Thorington were ap-
pointed. 1
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. McMULLIN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wheeler,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported fifteen-in the affirmative. So the yeas
and nays were not ordeted, one fifth of a quorum
not voting in favor thereof. [Cries of "Call the
roll!"] .
Mr. SEWASRD. The House is getting disor-
derly, and I desire to know whether it is-in order
to move that Jamf.s L. Orr, of South Carolina,
be invited" to preside over this House until a
Speaker shall be elected ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I make that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Georgia cannot
make that motion until the House first disposes
of the motion I mac^e a few minutes since, and
upon which the yeas and nays have just now
been refused.
The CLERK. The Clerk was under the im-
pression, for a moment, that the motion had been
disposed of. The gentleman from New York is
right.
The question was then taken Upon Mr.
Wheeler's motion, and it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I move
that the House do now adjourn, and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Bell, Henry S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boj'ee, Brooks, Broom, CadwaJ-
ader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Cox,
.Cullen, Davidson, Henry Wmtri Davis. Dunn,Edmuudson,
Edwards, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Coode, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hcibort, Houston, Kennett, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lindley, Lmnpkm, Humphrey Maishall, Samuel S. Mai-
shall, Maxwell, MeMulhn, McQueen, Killian Miller, Mdl-
son, Moore, Orr, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Rich-
ardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Scott, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Wakeman,
Walker, Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, John V. Wiight,
and ZolJicoilcr—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bar-
clay,Henry Bennett,Benson, Biilimrhurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradslmw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlineame, James II'.
Campbell, LewisD. Campbwll, Chaffee. Ezra Clark, Claw-
sou, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Conuns, Cragin, Cr.ugo, Crawford, Cumback,
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson,Dodd, Dovvdell, Durtee, Edie, Emne, Flag-
ler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger. Greenwood, Gtow, Augustus Hull, Ihirlan, Hoi-
loway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. llorton, Howaid,
Hughriton, George W. Jones, J.GlaneyJones, Kelly,King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,"Leiter,
Matteson, MetJarty, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver,
Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringlc, Puiviance, Puryear, Reade, Ritchie,
Rivers, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Savage, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor,
TJiomigton, Thurston, Todd, Tratton, Valk, Wade, VVal-
brulge, W:iUh« n, Warner, Cadwalador C. Washburne, El-
hhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watkins, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—126.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. B/1RKSDALE. I move that when this
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next, at ten o'clock.
Mr. BOYCE. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I move that this House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and navs. rCries of "No!"
"No!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is evi-
dent that nothing will be done here to-night, and
if gentlemen will vote down the demand for the
yeas and nays, I think the House will now ad-
journ.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks'that the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi—that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn until Mon-
day next at ten o'clock:—must first be put.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HEADY. Inasmuch as the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is out
of order, and there seems an indisposition upon
the part of the House to adjourn,! move that
the House take a recess until twelve o'clock on
Monday.
The CLERK.- The Clerk thinks the motion
of the gentleman from South Carolina is in order,
the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Barksdale] having beeft withdrawn.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The CLERK. As many as are in favorofthe
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn, will
stand up and be counted. [Cries of "Up,up,"and
" Down, down;" great confusion existing in the
Hall.]
The Clerk declared that the yeas and nays
were demanded. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The question was then taken by yeas and
nays, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
~102, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Bell,
Henry S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Broom, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Edinundson, Edwards, Elliott,
English, Ethendge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harns, Harrison,
Haven, Herbeit, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly, Ken-
nett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Moore, Mordecai Oliver, Oir, Pamo, Peck, Porter,
Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie,
Rivers, Ruftin, Rust, Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Tnppe,
Tyson, Underwood, Walker, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wat-
kins, Wheeler, W7hitney, Winslow, John V. Wright, and
Zoliicoffer—10*2.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshavv, Brenton, Bumngton, Burlingame, James H.
Campbell, Lowis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Comms, Cragin, Crawford, Cumback, Dam-
rell,Timothy Davis, Day,Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Durlee,
Edie, Einrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Robcit B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Han is, Hollo-
way, Howard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham,
Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pur-
viance, Reade, .Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston,
Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Warner,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson.
Welch, Wells, Wood, and Woodruff—92.
Before the announcement of the vote, Mr.
STEPHENS said: As it is Saturday night, and
we are not likely to do anything if we stay here,
I will change my vote from " no " to " ay;" but
I give notice, if this House do notelect a Speaker
to-night, on Monday I shall do my best to pre-
vent another adjournment until a 'Speaker shall
be elected.
The House accordingly (at six o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until twelve o'clock, m., on Monday
next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 31, 1855.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENTkannounced the presence of
Hon. Robert "W.Johnson, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Arkansas a Senator from that State for
the term of six years from the 4th of March last,
whose credentials were presented at the last ses-
sion. The oath prescribed by law was adminis-
tered to Mr. Joiinson, and he took his seat in the
Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a document relalivp
to the claim of Richard Oothoudt for arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committed
on Pensions.
He also submitted a document in relation to the
claim of Isaac Carpenter to a pension; which,
with the papers already on file, was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the petition of William R. Combs, praying to be
allowed a pension on account of disability incurred
while in the military service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of the Rev. J. L. Elliott, late a chaplain m the
UnitedStatesArmy, praying for a grant of bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Allen Pierce, praying to
be allowed a quantity of land equal to tha't pur-
chased by him, but of which he was deprived by
the neglect of the United States surveyor tomake
