1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
a return of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of D. Wilson and others,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Decorah to Winona, Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of WillianTH. De
Forrest and others, piaymg for compensation for losses sus-
tained by the bombardment of San Juan del Norte, or Grey-
town, Central Amenca, be withdrawn from the files, and
referred to the Court of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Allen Lewis, of Boothbay,
Maine, praying for bounty for the schooner "Forester,"
lost at sea while engaged m the fisheries; the petition of
Thomas Thurston, owner of the schooner "Wanderer,"
praying to be allowed fishing bounty; and the petition of
Ezekiel Holbrook and others, for bounty for schooncr
" Grampus," of Boothbay^ lost at sea while engaged in the
fisheries, be withdrawn irom the files of the Senate, and
refcired to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas Ew-
bank, praying for an appropriation to test certain improve-
ments made by him in the mode of constructing the pad-
dles of steamers,be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Denton E.
Seymour, representing that he w.v induced toenhetin a
corps of United States engineers, by certain misrepresent-
ations, and praying for some remuneration for losses sus-
tained and hardships sufteied in consequence theieof, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to the
claim of Sarah Craudall be withdrawn fioin ihe files of
the Senate,'and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
LIPPINCOTT'S GAZETTEER.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That seventy copies of Lippmcott'-* Gazetteer
of the World be purchased by the Secretary toi the UoC of
the Senate.
HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS OF EMIGRANTS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance inquire whether
any amendment or modification of the law in regard to the
exemption of household effects of emigrants is necessary
or expedient.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office be instructed to consider the expediency of repeating
so much of the existing law as requires the woi d " patented "
and the date of the patent to bo stamped on the thing pat-
ented.
COLONEL BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. FOOT. T ask leave to submit two resolu-
tions, both having reference to the same subject-
matter, and upon which I desire to submit a few
remarks by way of explanation before I interpose
a motion to refer them to the appropriate com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT. The resolutions will be
read.
The Secretary read them as follows:
Resolved, That the icport of Benjamin S. Robeits, Cap-
tain of the Rifles,made to Geneial Twiggy, on returning to
linn the American flag winch had bef-n the first planted
upon the Capitol of Mexico, and which lie had intrusted
to the Keeping of Captain Roberts in the storming of Che-
pultepec, and the taking of the eitv of Mexico, bearing
date "City of Mexico, 17th September, 1847,'' be taken
from the files m the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
and be punted ; and that the Pic^ident pro tempore of the
Senate cau^e an engiosscd copy thereof to be deposited in
the Department of State with the flag whose history it gives,
and winch has already been deposited in said Department
by order of the Senate.
Resolved Iv the Senate mid House of Representatives of
ihe United States of Jhncrica i'i Congress assembled, That
the Pi evident of the United States be*requested to cau^e a
sword, with suitable devices, to be presented to Colonel
Benjamin S. Roberts, in testimony of the high sense enter-
tained by Congress of his gallantry and good conduct at
the storming of Chepultepec and the taking of the city of
Mexico.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose to ask the Senate to act on these resolutions
at this time, but 1 shall move to refer them to the
Committee on Military Affairs, as being the moat
appropriate organ through which propositions of
this character should be presented to the Senate
for its direct action. I desire, however, to submit
a very few words of explanation upon the intro-
duction of these resolutions.
Upon reference to the Senate Journal of the
first session of the Thirtieth Congress, it will be
found that, oif the 2d day of June, 1848, Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi, now at the head of the
War Department, presented to the Senate a flag
which had been transmitted by General Twiggs,
being the first national flag of the United States
raised on the palace in the city of Mexico. It:
further appears that on the next day, Mr. Day-
ton, of New Jersey, submitted a resolution in ref-
erence to this flag, which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to. That reso-*
lution is in these words:
"Resolved, That the Vice President be requested to have
the flag of the United States first erected by the American
army upon the Palace in the Capitol of Mexico, and now
here presented, deposited for safe-keeping in the Depart-
ment of State of the United States."1
It also appears from the Senate Journal, that
on the 1st of July following, Mr. Davis, of Mis-
sissippi, presented a document in relation to an
American flag stated to have been first planted
upon the Capitol of Mexico, and submitted amo-
tion that it be printed; when, on motion of Mr.
Dayton, it was ordered that it lie on the table, j
It was now late in the session; there were other
and important public measures pressing upon the
attention of Congress, and especially on the Sen-
ate, and no further action was taken in reference
to the motion of Mr. Davis to print the document,
and no action has since been taken in reference
to it.
The first resolution which I have offered merely
proposes that this document or report be printed,
and that an engrossed cony of it be placed in the
Department of State, with the flag whose history
it gives. I hold in my hands a copy of that
report, and as it is brief and expressive, I will
ask the indulgence of the Senate for a moment m |
reading it: j
City of Mexico, Scpiembo 17, 1847. |
Sir* j have the honor to return the Amencan fla<r you
intrusted to my keeping in the stoinnng of Chepultepcc
and the taking of tho city of Mexico. \ our chaige to me
was: " I expcct that flag to be the first planted upon the
Capitol ofMexico." The commission has been executed,
and the first American flag that ever floated upon the
Palace of the Capitol ofMexico is now icturned to you.
It wag also tho first planted on the five-gun "battery
stoimed and earned' by the rifle regiment between Chepul-
tepec and the Garita.
It was also the first planted on the batteries at the Garita,
and the first on the Citadel ofMexico.
It was earned by Sergeant Manly, of "F,J company,
whom t selected to bear so difsiinciii; hed a flag, and the
anticipation? 1 entertained of his doing hon-v to tho banner
of his count!y were not disappointed. 1 desne to commend
him to your special eon^ideianon.
This flag would have been icturned through him, but for
a severe wound that confines him to lux quarters It is
proper that I should state that I was not with the flag when
planted on the battery at the Ganta, and when planted on
the battery between the Garita and the city, having been
detained to guard the prisoners taken at the five-gun bat-
tery, assaulted by my storming paitv. On inspection, you
will perceive that this flag has been picrced six times by
the balls ot the enemy.
I have the honoi to be, with high resard, &c.,
B. S. ROBERTS, Captain Rifles.
General D E. Twigos. Commanding Second Division,
That flag has been received by the Senate and
deposited in the archives of the 6tatc Department
as the property and the glory of the nation—
as commemorative of the final and great victory
in the valley of Mcxico—as the crowning trophy
of all of General Scott's unexampled victories
from "Vera Cruz to the Mexican capital. The
flag is there; but the name of the officer who bore
it is not there; his report, which gives the story
of its triumphs, is not there—has not even been
published. The flag is there alone,—" alone in
its glory," if you please,—its history untold.
Those who bore it aloft and in triumph through
the storms of battle as yet remain unhonored,
unrecognized, unnoticed, even by the mention of
their names.
This is all wrong, Mr. President, palpably
wrong, though doubtless the result ot an uninten-
tional oversight, which I trust the Senate will be
very prompt to correct. As a personal friend of
Colonel Roberts, although of opposing political
faith—as a representative from Ins native State,
I but discharge alike the obligations of private
friendship and public duty in calling the attention
of the Senate to this subject. Why, rjir, but
lately, the European papers were filled with the
praises of the French soldier who raised the first
flag on the tower of the MalakofF, and he was
forthwith advanced to posts of honor and dis-
tinction. Is it asking too much of the Senate to
ask them to notice an American soldier, so fair
forth at least? as to publish his report on returning
to his superior officer the flag with which he had
been especially charged, and which, under his
special command and by his own right hand, had
been first planted upon the palace walls of the
ancient capital of Mexico ? -I trust not; and this
is all that is proposed in the first resolution. The
proposition is a very simple one; it is a very just
one; it is indeed a very modest one; and 1 trust
that here it will call forth no responsive voice in
the negative.
'In reference to the second resolution I have but
a word to say in advance of the action of the
committee. I hold in my hand extracts copied
from the official dispatches and reports of the vari-
ous battles during the whole of General Scott's
triumphant march from Vera Cruz to the city of
Mexico, which relate to the conduct and bearing
of Colonel Roberts, then Captain of the Rifles.
I will not, at this hour, occupy the time of the
Senate in reading these extracts, which are some-
what elaborate, but will pass them over to tho
reporter to be appended to my remarks. To this
documentary evidence of the official conduct and
character of Colonel Roberts, throughout that
extraordinary and brilliant campaign, I invite the
special attention of the Committee on Military
Affairs, a portion of whom, at least, I see now
present. Upon this testimony, and upon this
alone, I am quite willing to submit to the judg-
ment of that committee the question, whether or
not Colonel Roberts is entitled to the compliment-
ary notice from the American Congress which
is contemplated by this resolution. The official
dispatches and reports of all the chief officers of
that campaign—of Scott, and Twiggs,and Smith,
and Quitman, and Lane, and others—bear united
and unqualified testimony Co the important ser-
vices, (o the gallant bearing, and the heroic courage
of Colonel Roberts on all occasions of difficulty
and danger.
These records of his services, if I misread
them not, if I misjudge not, fully justify and
sustain the assertion that he received the first fire
of the enemy at Vera Cruz; that he had selected
extraordinary commands in every main battle;
and that he executed those commands with the
utmost fidelity, and with entire and uniform suc-
cess; that he was the officer to whom was intrust-
ed the American flag which led the army into the
city ofMexico; that he was tho first American who
entered the palr.ee of the Capitol, and raised there
the first American flag ever reared in the halls of
the Montczumas, and fought the last fight m the
streets of the city of the Aztecs.
You have indeed honored that flag, but you
have not honored the officer with whom it was
specially charged, and who bore it wherever if
was borne. You have not even acknowledged
him as concerned in its honor, or as a partner in
its glory. 1 humbly submit that this is not right.
To show special marks of honor to the flag, to
deposit it among the archives most valued as the
memorials of the country's honor and its glory,
without even a tender of thanks or any token of
approbation to the officer who bore it, and who
gave it all its value and all its consideration, I
respectfully submit again is not just, nor wise,
nor even very sensible.
Itjs my purpose, as it is my privilege, to make
a reasonable effort at least to have this wrong
repaired; to vindicate, so far forth as I may be
able to do it, the claims of Colonel Roberts to
proper notice, and his services to a proper recog-
nition by his Government. He is himself fur
away, upon duty on the outer borders of the
country, and is unadvised of this proceeding.
But, sir. his professional reputation belongs not
to himself alone; it belongs not to his family
alone; it belongs to the country, and it belongs
emphatically to" the State which gave him his
birth and Ins education; and is, m a measure,
committed to the keeping of the representatives
from that State.
Vermont, sir, shed too much blood upon the
battle-fields of Mexico; too many of her youthful
sons were left upon its plains, and among its
mountain passes, to allow her to be unmindful
