1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
fentlemen were entitled to certificates of election,
avingeach received a plurality of votes. But what
did the Governor see fit to do ? He saw fit to re-
fuse to each and all of the persons voted for in
both of the districts, a certificate of election; and
published instead a proclamation, stating the
number of votes which each had, and setting forth
the constitutional provision in question ,and stating
also that the person claiming a seat for the Cairo
district and Judge Trumbull, had both held the
office of judge within the period interdicted by
that provision ;refusing to decide the question him-
self and submitting it to this House. Now what
could those gentlemen do? None of them had a
certificate. This House, very properly, I think,
gave to my colleague [Mr. Marshall]—-the per-
son having the highest number of votes—a seat
on this floor during the pendency of the contest.
But the Governor of the State of Illinois having
expressly refused to give a certificate to any of
the claimants, having merely issued a proclama-
tionstating the number of votes received by each;
stating also the provisions of the constitution of
the State of Illinois thereupon, expressly turning
over the decision of this question to this House,
and leaving Messrs. Fouke and Turney to con-
test the seats for their respective districts, they
have, in my opinion, an honest claim to their per
diem and traveling expenses.
Mr. SN'EED. If the gentleman from Illinois
will allow me to ask lum a question, I desire to
know what popular majority the sitting mem-
bers received over the contestants in these cases?
"What was the popular vote?
Mr. ORR. 1 can give the information sought
for by the gentleman from Tennessee, if the gen-
tleman from Illinois will allow me. Judge Trum-
bull received seven thousand nine hundred and
seventeen votes. Mr. Fouke, his contestant, re-
ceived five thousand three hundred and six votes.
Judge Marshall received eight thousand four hun-
dred and ninety-seven votes, and Mr. Turney,
his contestant, received two thousand nine hun-
dred and twelve, and Mr. Barbour received two
thousand one hundred and twenty-six votes.
Mr. SNEED. Then I understand that the
sitting member, in one case, received some two
thousand six hundred majority over the contest-
ant, and the other sitting member received a ma-
jority of soma six thousand over his contestant,
and yet each of them wants the House to pay
them their per diem and mileage.
Mr. NORTON. I am glad that my attention
has been called to the fact which the gentleman
from South Carolina has developed, because I am
willing to concede to those who oppose this res-
olution for paying to the contestants m these cases
their per diem and mileage, ail that can be made
out of the large plurality which the sitting mem-
bers received over the contestants. And I may
be allowed just here to repeat, as I have already
said, that so far as the claims of both contestants
to seats upon this floor are concerned, I am sat-
isfied that they are entirely nugatory. I am sat-
isfied that neither of them were regularly elected
to seats in this House, and my argument in favor
of their being paid their per diem and mileage is
predicated upon no such ground. And I go fur-
ther: If the Governor of Illinois had proceeded,
as in my judgment he ought to have proceeded
in the case, the contestants would have come here
entirely upon their own responsibility, and with
far less equitable claims for their per diem and
mileage. But, when under the great seal of the
State of Illinois, and under the authority of the
Governor of that State, the question, as to which
of the members in these two districts were enti-
tled to the seats was expressly referred to this
House to decide, involving as it does the con-
struction of a very important provision of the
constitution of the State of Illinois, then I say,
these gentlemen were authorized to come here as
contestants, and being so authorized, are entitled
to receive their per diem and mileage. The ques-
tion, whether they are entitled to their pay, de-
pends entirely upon the other question whether
they were justified, under the Governor's procla-
mation, in coming here as contestants; and upon
that point my own convictions are clear.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois permit me to ask him a question ? Sup-
pose it had been determined that Judges Trum-
bull and Marshall were not eligible to seats in this
House, is it his opinion that tne contestants nrno
received a minority of the legal votes, could upon |
any principle maintain their rights to seats on this !
floor, under that election? i
Mr. NORTON. If the gentleman wants to
know my opinion upon that subject, I will give it.
I have very great doubts whether they would be
so entitled. But the opinion is maintained, and
the contestants so hold, that under the constitu-
tion of the State of Illinois, if Judge Trumbull
were not entitled to the seat, the contestant, Mr.
Fouke, would be entitled to it. And if Jud°-e
Marshall was not entitled to his seat, his contest-
ant, Mr. Turney, would be entitled to it. This
seems evidently to be the opinion of the Governor.
The constitution of Illinois not only provides
that any person holding the office of judge shall be
ineligible to hold any other office under the State
or the United States, but it further provides that
all votes given for "either of them for any office,
either by the General Assembly or the people,
shall be void;" and upon this ground it has been
held, and very generally, I apprehend, that if the
constitution of Illinois were declared valid in this
regard, and if, under it, Judges Trumbull and
Marshall were found ineligible, in that case the
contestants would be entitled to their seats. This
opinion is based upon the idea that the votes for
Trumbull and Marshall, being void, should not be
counted at all. Upon this construction, however,
I confess I have great doubts.
Now, sir, it is well known that this same ques-
tion has arisen in the Senate, in regard to the
right of Judge Trumbull to a seat in that body,
and has given rise to a very able and learned
discussion there. Itis also known that such pro-
visions exist in the constitutions of several of the
States of the Union, so that it is a matter of very
grave importance that this question should be
decided, and decided rightly.
Mr. SNEED. As this matter is giving rise to
some discussion, I desire to know if one of these
contestants has not often stated that he did not
want the seat; that he would not accept it if the
House should offer it to him; that he came here
merely to have the principle settled?
Mr. NORTON. It is very likely. I do not
know. To which of the contestants does the
gentleman allude ?
Mr. SNEED. To the gentleman contesting
the seat of Judge Trumbull.
Mr. NORTON. I am not aware of it, if he
has.
Mr. WATSON. I will state that I have heard
the other contestant make that statement.
Mr. NORTON. It maybe thattheyhave,but
it does not matter whether they have or not. If
they have come here to contest, under the proc-
lamation of the Governor of Illinois, and upon a
great constitutional question—if they felt that,
under a fair construction of the constitution of
Illinois, they had a legal right to seats upon this
floor, is it any reason for opposing the proposi-
tion to pay them that they did not receive a
majority of votes?
Mr. SNEED. If the gentleman puts the ques-
tion to me, I will say, that when a gentleman
comes here, honestly believing that he has re-
ceived a majority of the popular vote, and that
he will faithfully represent his constituency by
taking a seat here, 1 can give him per diem and
mileage ; «fout I cannot, whatever may be the
opinion of others, give mileage to a man who
comes here confessedly with a minority of the
popular vote, and asks to misrepresent a constit-
uency.
Mr. NORTON. So far as this case ia con-
cerned, I will state, that I differ entirely on all
political questions with the gentleman who claims
the seat from the Alton district. He belongs to
the present Administration—liody and soul—an
Administration with which I have no sympathy;
but I am willing to do him justice.
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee says that
if these gentlemen believed honestly that they had
a majority of the votes, he would vote to give
them their pay. They do not pretend that they
had a majority of the votes; but that they are
entitled to seats under the provisions of the con-
stitution of the State of Illinois, in connection
with the Constitution of the United States. If
they would be entitled to pay in the one case, it
certainly seems to me that they would be in the
other. The question was a grave one. They had
no other way to have it settled than by coming
here. The question now is, shall we pay the ex-
penses which they were necessarily at? As I have
said before, this point rosts solely, in my judg-
ment, upon the fact that there were sufficient rea-
sons to justify them in contesting the seats con-
cerned . A great constitutional question was pre-
sented in their persons. It was sent her? by.the
Governor of Illinois to be decided by this House.
We have to decide it. The Governor refuses to
do it. The question having been referred to us
for our decision, I am of opinion that the contest-
ants were right in coming here, and,having done
so, they are fiiirly entitled to per diem and mileage.
Mr. ORR. Ordinarily, Mr. Speaker, I should
require a contestant to make out a pretty clear
case before I would favor a proposition to pay
him per diem and mileage. The particular cases
before us, and which we are called on to decide,
are, I think, the very strongest ever presented
for the consideration of members sincel have had
the honor of occupying a seat upon this floor.
The words of the constitution of Illinois are as
follows:
" The judges of the supreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to any other office of public trust or profit ill
this State or the United States during the term for which
they are elected, nor for one year thereafter; all votes for
either of them for any elective office (except that of judg#
of the supreme or circuit court) given by the General As-
sembly or the people shail be void."
So, if that clause of the constitution of Illinois
isv alid, then the votes cast for Trumbull and
Marshall were void, and, as a matter of course,
the persons receiving the next highest number of
votes were the ones entitled to the certificates.
But the Governor, in this particular case, con-
ceived the question was an important constitu-
tional question, and refused to decide it. By the
very terms of his proclamation, he sent the four
of these parties to the House of Representatives.
Neither of the four received at the hands of the
Governor a certificate, but simply a statement
of the facts. The following is the conclusion of
the Governor's proclamation:
" In reference to the two last-mentioned districts an im-
portant question arises as to which of the persons voted
for is entitled to the office; and as the House of Represent-
atives is tiie sole judge of the qualification of its members,
I will refrain from a decision of the question, but have
given the parties certificates stating all the facts of the
case."
The Governor did not undertake to decide the
question. He gave to the parties only a state-
ment of the facts. It was therefore absolutely
necessary that the four gentlemen should come
here for the purpose of having the question de-
cided. There would have been less equity and
justice in their demand, if the Governor had
decided one way or the other. He did not decide
for Trumbull and Marshall; he refused certifi-
cates, and sent the parties here with mere state-
ments of facts. Under these circumstances will
the House pay per diem anu mileage to these
gentlemen, against whom it has decided? The
cases are clearer than any I have seen presented
during my term of service here. I think the res-
olutions ought to pass.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
submit a remaik by way of explanation of the
vote I design giving on the resolutions now before
the House. It is claimed that this body shall
pay the contestants per diem and mileage because
of the incompetency or otherwise of the Execu-
tive of Illinois to determine as to a provision in
the constitution of that State. It has been said
that there is presented a question of great diffi-
culty. To my mind the question is one of the
clearest which has ever been presented to it. The
constitution of Illinois of course speaks of the
officers of that State; and under the provision of
that instrument which has been read, any one
elected asjudge would bo rendered ineligible to any
ofKce in that State.
Mr. NORTON. It speaks of officers of the
State, but it also speaks of officers of the United
States particularly and by name.
Mr. CARLILE. If the people of Illinois,
through their Executive, refer the determination
of a provision of the constitution of that State to
this House, then the expense attendant on that
determination ought to be defrayed by Illinois, and
not by the House of Representatives. For one,
I should consider it baa policy for my State to
refer to this House the determination of any pro-
vision in her constitution; but if it is necessary
that there shall ba a construction placed on the
