1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
money, and that I very much fear that those who
are in favor of the improvement of the navigation
of the greatrivers ofthe West—orrather the great
rivers of the Union, fur they are such—anil those
who are in favor of establishing proper harbors
of refuse on the lakes, (for that is the limit of my
doctrine: I stand in the language so far as I can
understand it of the principle of Mr. Calhoun,)
may be led, in their anxiety for local improve-
ments, to go too far, and destroy ultimately the
whole system.
That is the only caution which I have to give,
whatever authority it may bear to those with
whom I have heretofore voted. For myself, as
I said yesterday, I have no conscientious scruples
on the subject; on the contrary, I believe it to be
a part of our duty. In addition to that, as I
stated before, I have been instructed by the Legis-
lature of my State to vote for these bills, and I
have no method of guiding my judgment as to
what is proper in each particular case except the
recommendation of the Committee on Commerce.
I have sufficient confidence in the committee to
follow that.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator from Ohio seems
to understand the language of the Constitution
authorizing Congress " to regulate commerce,"
as meaning "to facilitate commerce." That
question arose in the convention which framed
the Constitution, and there the words, "to facil-
itate," and "to regulate," were recognized as
separate and distinct tilings, meaning different
ideas altogether. Mr. Madison, who, perhaps,
understood the questions arising under the Con-
stitution better than any man who has ever lived,
understood and expounded thatclaulse of the Con-
stitution to be "To pass the proper and neces-
sary laws for the regulation of commerce."
The proposition was made directly in the con-
vention to authorize Congress to facilitate com-
merce by the cutting of canals, but it was voted
down by a vote of two to one.
Mr. PUGrH. I am opposed to that. The
Senator will not understand me to say, that under
this clause Congress can authorize the cutting of
canals. They might cut such a canal as the St.
Mary's canal, or the one at Louisville, which is
simply a channel along a great highway to avoid
obstructions. The words of the Constitution
are " to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes."
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir, "to regulate com-
merce " by proper and necessary laws for that
purpose, and not to appropriate money to facili-
tate commerce. This proposition is not to regu-
late commerce; it does not say one word in refer-
ence to the regulation of commerce, but it is a
proposition to facilitate commerce which is as
distinct from the language used in the Constitu-
tion as any two propositions can be. If " to
facilitate commerce " does not mean " to regulate
commerce," or the reverse of the proposition, I
aslc the Senator where he obtains the constitu-
tional authority for the appropriation of one dol-
lar ofthe public money for the purpose proposed
by this bill ?
It is useless to argue that question. A ma-
jority of this body, and a majority of the United
States, I have no doubt, have concluded to take
a. near cut to the Treasury. I believe that Mr.
Monroe, Mr. Madison, and General Jackson,
believed that, if these appropriations were neces-
sary, the Constitution ought to be changed so as
to confcr directly on Congress the power to make
them; but it is discovered now that a nearer cutcan
be found, without changing the Constitution. To
that I have no right to object, for I have no right
to speak for the Democracy, not being recognized
as a member of that party. I have the right,
however, to defend the Constitution; but it is
not my purpose to do so now.
There is one question connected with this ap-
propriation, to which I beg leave to call the most
serious attention of the Senate. It has already
been alluded to by the Senator from Georgia.
This appropriation, as I understand it, is intended
to be expended in the State of Wisconsin. If I j
am rightly informed, that State has nullified, by
the action of her Legislature, and by her State^ ju-
diciary sustaining that action, a law of the Con-
gress of the United States. The question which
1 present is not one binding on the Senate of the
Umtsd States, or on Congress; but it is a ques-
tion for their consideration, whether Congress
will appropriate money out of the Federal Treas-
ury to facilitate commerce in States which are
living in open defiance of the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and have nullified, by
their legislation, the laws of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Missis-
sippi will allow me to make a suggestion here.
We are not passing this appropriation for the
benefit of Wisconsin, but for the benefit of the
United States.
Mr. ADAMS. You may talk about the benefit
of the United States, but the United States have
never asked for it. Wisconsin alone asks for it.
This, and every other appropriation of this char-
acter, call it by what name you please, is for the
benefit of the State, and is brought about and
asked for and promoted by the interests of the
States. Many of these appropriations are for
objects as local as a mill-pond; and yet you talk
about their being national appropriations. i
I say it is a grave and serious question whether
the Congress of the United States ought to pass
laws appropriating the money of the Federal
Government to a State that is living in open defi-
ance, particularly where the judicial tribunals of
the State have sustained—as I understand they
have sustained in Wisconsin—the action of the
Legislature in nullifying the law of Congress.
Mr. DURKEE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DURKEE. If Congress should pass a
law infringing, in the opinion of the supreme
court of Mississippi, on the rights of Mississippi,
would not the honorable Senator justify that State
in deciding against the law?
Mr. ADAMS. Whenever the State of Mis-
sissippi, or any other State, thinks proper to nul-
lify a law of Congress, I will not sustain her here
or elsewhere. While we remain in the Union as
a portion of this Confederacy, we will abide, or
at least I will abide, so far as I am concerned, by
the whole compact, and not merely a portion of
it. I think this is a matter which should be con-
sidered here, so at least as to inform the Str.tes
which think proper to be governed by such por-
tions of the origional compact and laws of the
United States as suit their convenience and no
more, that they shall not receive the bounties and
favors of the Federal Government while they are
nullifying and repudiating the constitutional laws
of the United States, so held by a majority of
Congress, so held by the Supreme Court ana the
highest tribunals of the United States, I believe,
and as far as I am advised, by the State courts in
every other State that has thought proper to nul-
lify the laws of Congress, with the exception of
this one.
I dislike to make this objection on account of my
high personal regard for the Senators from that
State, yet I have felt it my duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the fact that
this and other States are expecting, the favors
and bounties of the Government while they are
determining for themselves what power we have
here, and what laws we pass shall be operative
within their limits, and what laws shall not be
operative within their limits.
Mr. DURKEE. If the Senator will allow me,
1 will ask him again, if he does not justify the
right of the Supreme Court of Mississippi to
judge of the constitutionality of a United States
law ?
Mr. ADAMS. I rely on that authority which
the people of Mississippi and all other States of
the Union have decided shall be the proper
authority to determine the powers of the Federal
Government—the Supreme Court of the United
States. Who authorized a State of this Union to
pass upon the laws of the Congress of the United
States? When the States entered into the com-
pact, they constituted a judicial tribunal to
determine all judicial questions. Why, sir, if
you leave it to the several States, in their judicial
capacity, to determine upon the Constitution and
laws of the Congress of the United States^you
may have thirty-one different decisions and
different constructions of a law passed by the
Congress of the United States, and passed not
only m conformity, but in direct obedience to
the commands of the Constitution itself. You
would have no Government at all, if that were
the case. I know some extreme State rights men
contend for that, bat I have never been of that
school.
It is not my purpose to go into an investigation
of this question, or enter any protest on the sub-
ject. I have never been able to discover any con-
stitutional power for these appropriations. I
believe that it is to become a permanent system
of this Government. I believe the present Exec-
utive is the last Democratic or any other Presi-
dent who will have the boldness to step between
the Constitution and the will of a majority on
this subject. I have no idea, if you elect your
candidate, that he will ever veto one of them.
The last veto will be seen before the 4th of March.
Some of the candidates have already sanctioned
such appropriations and will do it again; and
every other candidate before the people will do
the same.
I believe, sir, that, as the President of the Uni-
ted States has been overruled by two thirds in
both branches of Congress, this is to become a
permanent system. It is a vastly important mat-
ter that we should determine upon a general sys-
tem. Why not appropriate an equal portion
according to the population of the different States,
and there let it be appropriated under the direction
of the States ? That would do a great deal more
good. Look at the appropriations for Wiscon-
sin and Michigan alone. If I recollect aright,
$380,000 is appropriated for Wisconsin by these
bills. It is not an average State in population,
and nothing like it. If you appropriated to the
other States in proportion to their population, and
if other Senators had been as careful of their States'
and obtained as large appropriations as the Sen--
ator from Michigan, these bills would have cov-
ered about $15,000,000. In a few years it will
be double that amount. You cannot grind from
the people of the United States taxes enough to
pay the expenditures unless these works shall be
superseded by railroads. The only hope I have
of safety to the Treasury against the consolida-
ting effect of this system of internal improvement
is, that railroads may supersede them to such an
extent that there will be a larger interest in favor
of railroads than of river improvements. If that
should be the case, as a majority controls in this
country, there may be some check to it, and it is
the only chock that I can conceive of.
Mr. bURKEE. Mr. President, this system
of harbor improvements presents itself to my
mind very much in the same light as the Post
Office Department. It is a system of a national
character; it is diffusive in its benefits; it is cal-
culated to improve the public mind and elevate
the public character. So it was intended by our
fathers.
What brought this Government into existence ?
It was because Great Britain undertook to obstruct
the freedom of commerce. The necessities of
commerce called this Government into being.
Why have we an Army and Navy? To protect
commerce. The Navy is to protect your foreign
commerce, as the gentleman from Ohio has said.
The great northwestern States pay a large share
of the revenue of $75,000,000, which is collccted
annually by this Government. They have a
commerce of about eight hundred millions of dol-
lars on those lakes and the Mississippi. Now,
shall we refuse to give one sixteenth of one per
cent, on this commerce for its benefit, while we
tax it so largely ? These appropriations are just,
especially as the General Government^ has as-
sumed the whole jurisdiction over our rivers and
harbors and lakes, and has assumed the respons-
ibility ever since the Government was formed.
Before we refuse these appropriations we should
introduce some other practical system in order
to protect this commerce. Itisonthiscommerca
that our revenue is raised.
Suppose we bring to bear on the Post Office
Department the argument that Senators use in
support of their views on this measure, that the
burdens are unequal, and do not correspond with
the benefits received, and adopt it as a good and
sufficient reason for withholding appropriations:
why, sir, it would result in dispensing with this
branch ofthe public service altogether. It is well
understood that the postage revenue of the slave
States came short five or six hundred thousand
dollars of sustaining the expense of carrying their
mails. This, of course, has to be made up by
the free States.
The free States do not object to this, for ths
