1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
reason that this service is of a national character.
It is a mutual benefit to governmental and in-
dividual correspondence. So it is with harbors;
they protect the naval and commercial marine.
They are mutually beneficial to both, and cannot
be dispensed with by either. It strikes me that
they are as purely national as the Post Office
Department, and should receive the fostering care
of Congress.
If any measure can be devised more econom-
ical and efficient, it shall have my support; but,
until then, I shall feel it my duty to vote for all
reasonable sums that may be reported by the
Committee on Commerce for harbors of a national
character.
Some Senators have been pleased to use another
argument against making appropriations for har-
bors in the State of Wisconsin, viz: that the
fugitive slave law is not rigidly enforced in that
State.
.Now, sir, I have a high regard for the laws of
Congress;but when Congress transcends its juris-
diction and tramples upon the rights of the States,
and imprisons their citizens for acts of humanity
and justice, I believe it the duty of the courts of
the States to relieve them by the writ of habeas
corpus. It seems to me that if that clause of the
Constitution, saying that the "writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended except in case of
war, means anything, it means to include among
the reserved right of the States, the right to ex-
ercise this power. This doctrine affords us a
civil remedy for great abuses, which are liable to
occur; whereas, in its absence, we have none ex-
cept by revolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a few words to say in
reference to the Senator from Ohio, but first I
wish to notice the Senator from Wisconsin,
thought there was a very bad state of things over
in Ins country, but I had no idea that they were
such as the Senator avows oil this floor. His
idea seems to be, that he will obey whatever laws
of Congress suit him, but that his State 1ms a
right to set them aside whenever she pleases.
Mr. DURKEE. Does not the Senator claim
for the State of Georgia the right to decide whether
a law passed by Congress is constitutional ?
Mr. TOOMBS. As between individuals I do;
but that decision is not final. I say the final de-
termination of the Constitution must be by the
Supreme Court of the United States, and I never
urged any other doctrine.
Air. DUIUfEE. We do not object to that;
we have not infringed on that right.
Mr. TOOMBS. You claim it.
Mr. DURIvEE. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly, as I understood
the Senator, he contends that his State ought to
have a tribunal to decide whether the laws of the
United States shall be obeyed there or not.
Mr. DURKEE. Of course an appeal can be
taken from the decision of the State court. You
claim the same right for your courts in Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all; or, at least, as the
Senator from Wisconsin lays it down. I have
never heard this doctrine urged before; but I will
pass that by. He tries to analogize this system
of internal improvements to the post office system.
I have been very desirous to make it analogous
to that system. Our Post Office Department was
started on a very sound principle, which was
earned out until recently—that it being for the
public benefit, where it could be distributed, every
man should pay for it according to his benefit.
Til at was the uniform policy of the Government
from its foundation until a very late period. It
was everywhere asserted, until recently, that the
Post Office Department should pay its own ex-
penses.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that a por-
tion of the States of the Union do not, by their
postages, pay for the expenses of the system in
their Slate. That is true, but it is not by their
fault. It is because the commerce of the cities
and towns who give the post office nineteen
twentieths of all its work, wanted cheap postage.
They raised a clamor for cheap postage. You
reduced it against the desire and wish of the
great body of the tax-pavers and agriculturists
of the United States. Now the deficiency upon
that single branch of carrying the mails for
commerce, is greater than the whole mail expend-
itures from here t<? the Rio Grande. That is
where the burden is thrown, and it will be con-
stantly thrown as a burden. These people have
been putting their postage on the agriculturists
of the United States. They are seeking to put
every expenditure on the agricultural interest.
They have done it in all countries; and, from
their power to concentrate, they would throw
the entire Post Office Department of the United
States on the people in five years, if the people
would stand it. Now I say you have a de-
ficiency amounting to $2,000,000 a year in the
Post Office Department for the benefit of com-
merce. I have seen one Senator even speaking
against time to prevent a reduction of their ill-
gotten gains. I allude to the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward.] We paid $800,000 a year
to the Collins line, and gave them a large extra
gratuity, though they have not paid one fourth
or one fifth of the expenditures by the postages
which they bring in. That is for commerce. It
is the same case with your other steamboat lines.
It will be the case with those which you are try-
ing to get up.
The Senator from Ohio says that commerce
pays the revenue of the Government, and the
Senator from Wisconsin tells us that the com-
merce on the lakes is $800,000,000 a year. That
is the most absurd and ridiculous of all the esti-
mates ever made. According to that estimate,
this commerce is worth more than the entire
property of the country, real and personal, ac-
cording to the statistics of the United States.
Mr. DURICEE. 1 meant to embrace the com-
merce of the Mississippi in that statement.
Mr. TOOMBS. I expect so; but you will
have to add a great deal more to come up to that
sum. The political economy of the Senators
from Ohio and Wisconsin is wrong. The com-
merce does not come up to that. There is noth-
ing but our internal productions carried on these
lakes.
Mr. PUGH. A vast amount of goods is im-
ported into New York and carried westward.
Mr. TOOMBS. It has done paying then.
Mr. PUGil. It pays in New York city.
Mr. TOOMBS. The commerce of these lake
States does not pay one cent revenue, and there
is not $800,000,000 of commerce there. If you
take your average for ten years you will find that
their exports do not amount to anything like
$50,000,000.
Mr. PUGH. We export a great amount of
breadstuffs.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know what the fact is. I
have looked into the matter, and J find that the
lake country pays your revenue neither directly
nor indirectly, except on the principle for which
I contend. I say that these wheat growers do
pay this expense, and they will find it out after
awhile. Commerce does not pay it. They will
find that the political economy of the Senator
from Ohio cannot stand the test. They will find
out who does pay your taxes. It is not the mer-
chant, but honest industry. The consumer pays
the tax, but the Senator from Ohio says it is
commerce that pays it.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say that commerce
paid it. My statement was that you levied it on
commerce.
Mr. TOOMBS. No matter what you levy it
on, the question to determine is, who pays it?
That is the question which the country ought to
consider. It is not paid by commerce; it is paid
by the honest industry of the agriculturists of
Ohio as well as of Georgia. The Senator from
Ohio tells us, however, that when you quit levying
your revenue on commerce, he will quit this sys-
tem. Why? The Constitution will remain the
same, and the people who pay the revenue of the
country will be the same as now; the consumer—
the labor of the honest man—pays it. The mode
of levying it is different; but, in its last analysis,
it is the sweat of the poor, and there is no other
place to get it from, whether you levy it indirectly
out of a tariff on foreign commodities, or levy it
directly out of the profits of the laboring poor.
This is a conspiracy of enterprising wealth and
merafeaiidise, to stamp deeper and deeper upon
the brow of poverty the original curse. We
understand it, and the people of this country shall
understand it.
Commercial men will tell you that you get all
this back again—that you get your goods in New
Orleans cheaper. I am well aware that this is
one element of price, but only one. They know
that the people do not necessarily get it back, err
they would not be unwilling to pay this expense
out of their own pockets. I give the universal
testimony of all of them, that the theory on which
they defend this system is not true; because, if
it were true, they would have no objection to
paying it; but they say, " Let us come here and
take it out of the public Treasury." To get it
from the people directly, would have this advant-
age: they would get it out of the people who
actually consumed your articles, so that the ex-
travagant would pay, and not the remainder of
society who have to contribute in various ways
to the public Treasury. They would get it im-
mediately out of the individual man deriving
benefit.
The gentleman stands here as a defender of
commerce. Why, sir, what have we done for
commerce ? The first month your Government
was in operation, you imposed tonnage duties,
discriminating in its favor under the commercial
power. The next thing you did was to give it
the entire coasting trade,which it has held closed
up against every other nation of the world to this
hour. Next, you gave it bounties in particular
trades, to the amount of millions and tens of mil-
lions. Next, you gave it drawbacks on its pro-
ductions. The next thing you did with it, was
to impose discriminating duties even on the foreign
commerce of the country until 1849, with many
countries. When England altered her navigation
laws in that respect, under the act of 1818, ours
were altered by proclamation.
Besides that, you have given to American ship-
builders an absolute monopoly in ship-buildmg.
You give them a bounty for what they do. You
give them a drawback on the exportation of their
productions. You give them the exclusive right
to carry your commodities from the Atlantic
coast to California, and all over the country,
against the whole world. After all this " op-
pression," commerce comes here, and, like the
daughters of the horse leech, demands, "give!
give! give !"
The Senator from Louisiana says these appro-
priations are not for Wisconsin, butforthe whole
country. I wish he would leave out my part of
it. I think my colleague and myself have a right
to represent Georgia, and we do not want it.
My colleagues in the other House do not want it.
Georgia does not send a man here who asks for
it. We understand that out productions arc not
concerned in it. The trade of Manchester and
Liverpool is of more importance to my constit-
uents, and we have a more direct interest in their
prosperity, than in the lake region of Wisconsin.
We send our commodities to Europe. If you
want to take off burdens, take them from those
who pay them.
The imports are paid for by the exports.
When the Senator from Wisconsin speaks of a
commerce of $800,000,000, let me remind him that
last year, the whole imports were $300,000,000,
and nearly $250,000,000 of that were paid for by
the exports of the very people who want no such
appropriations as these, leaving out the city of
New Orleans, but including the rest of Louisiana.
, It is out of the industry of these people that you
1 get this money. I know how it is paid. 1 know
that if I make a shipment of cotton to Liverpool,
and bring back supplies for my plantation, as I
did last year, I am paying for my industry.
Gentlemen talk of commercejjaying your revenue.
Commerce does not pay a dune. It has been fat-
tened by plundering all the other branches of in-
dustry, and it has become enormous; its increase
i3 beyond that of any other interest of the
country.
I recollecta speech made by a late Governor of
Massachusetts, (Governor Briggs, T think.) about
five years ago, before the Agricultural Society of
Massachusetts, in which he said that the whole
agriculture of Massachusetts then was not worth
as much as the land when they took it from the
Indians. I may not be precisely accurate as to
the statement, but I think I am; 1 have the speech.
The nation, by its bounty, by its protection, has
stimulated commerce and manujactmes to the
destruction of agriculture. Until the extraor-
dinary circumstances of the last two or three
! years caused breadstuff's to lise, the povei'tV of
j agriculturists generally, throughout, the whole
: country, was universal. They worked hard and
they had abundance to eat, it is true. It was true
