106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 31,
of the reputation of those who survive. ,She
made a costly sacrifice to the spirit of that war
when her gallant and accomplished Ransom fell
before the walls of Chepultepee. It shall not be
laid to my charge if she makes a greater sacrifice
Ixy neglecting to vindicate the well-earned' repu-
tation of any of her surviving sons. , But, sir, I
forbear further remark until we shall have re-,
ceived the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom I move the reference of the
resolutions.
These, Mr. President, are the documents to
which I have referred:
Extracts from. Reports of the battles in Mexico, showing the
services of Lieutenant Colonel J5« S. Roberts, of the Army.
headquarters second brigade of the army,
Camp at Vergara, nkar Vera Cruz,
March 15, 1847.
Sir: 1 have the honorto rcportthe occurrences m which
my bi igade has boon concerned since the commencement of
the march from the place of debarkation until now. * *
Making considerable of a dotour, to avoid some ponds of
watci, 1 airivcdabyutnoon on the great road leading to the
city of Mexico. On coming outliere, Lieutenant Roberts's
company of mounted riflemen, leading a party of mounted
men, was discovered. After a short skirmish, the enemy
were dispersed, my men receiving no injury.
D. E. TWIGGS,
Brigadier General United States Army.
[Senafe Doc. 1st sess. 30th Cong., vol. 1, p. 246.]
Headquarters Regiment of Mounted Riflemen,
Camp at Vergara, March 24,1847.
Yesterday a number of Mexicans were reported to have
been seen up the I'uelila road, find to day, aftci dinner, 1 de-
tached Lieutenant Roberts, with his company C, to proceed
in ttiat direction, and, crossing towards the sea, to return
by the beach s about two and a half miles from this, near
the Puente del Medio, he discovered six men, who displayed
u white flag, and invited him to approach. Supposing they
would surrender on discovering his force, he met them on
rhe bridge, but found they had the same expectation from
lum; and discovered that they were several hundred strong
on the ridge winch commanded the bridge on the other
eide. Uueertum what was ins strength, they permitted him
to withdraw under cover of the height on this side, while
they still displayed the white flag; from which position he
hent information to camp of what had occurred. By the
general dueotion, I marched to his support with about two
hundred men. On approaching the place, we advanced to
reecnnoiter, when the enemy opened a fire of musketry
from a large body placed on either fade of the road, on the
hill rising from the further end of the Puente del Medio, a
handsome stone structure thrown across a small stream
running into the river Antigua. The bridge was barricaded
with abatis, and intrenchmenN thrown up on the heights.
f directed Lieutenant Roberts to display in the ehaparal to
our right, and crossing below, to turn their lelt; while Cap-
tain Pope, with two companies crossed above, turmm? their
left, I advanced the remainder by the road and bridge.
Lieutenant Roberts having before been over the ground,
reached their left first, and drove them with great spirit fiom
their position We pursued them about a mile, when ^un-
set induced mc to halt, aud recalling the skirmisher, we
returned to camp about ^even m the evening. We had
tour men severely wounded—I hope not dangerously—two
sergeants and two privates. We found three dead Mexi-
cans m the pursuit., but the contest having been in the
bushes, others may have escaped notice. An officer
wounded, as was supposed mortally, was passed in the
pursuit, but on our return the place could not be: found.
I have great satisfaction in speaking of the promptitude
and spirit evinced by the whole command, but the activity
ami gallantry evinced by Lieutenant Roberts and the two
subalterns serving with'him on the occasion—brevet sec-
ond Lieutenants Maury and Hafchdcserve particular notice.
We took lour muskets and many cartridges. The enemy
were estimated to he over two hundred and tifty men, and
supposed to be an advanced paity of a force of some
strength, collecting between us and Puente Nacional.
Your obedient servant,
PKRSIFOR F. SMITH, Colonel.
To Lieutenant W. T. II. Brooks, Acting Assistant Adju-
tant General Sccoiul Brigade.
[Senate Doe., 1st sess. '30th Cong., p. 250.]
"This movement was also intended to support Quit-
man's btomung parties, both on the Causeway. The first
ol these, furnished by Twiggs's division, was commanded
in succeM-ion by Captain Casey, Second Infantry, and
Captain Paul, Seventh Infantry, alter Of*cy had becu
severely wounded; and the second, originally under the
gallant Major Twiggs, Marine Corps, killed, and then Cap-
tain Miller, Second Pennsylvania Volunteers. The storm-
mi! pit ty, now commanded by Captain Paul, seconded by
Captain Roberts, of the Rifles, Lieutenant Stewart, and
othetsoi the Mime regiment, Smith's brigade, earned the
two b.ittMries jn the road, took some guns, with many pris-
oners, and drove the enemy posted behind in support."—
General Scott's report of the officers designated by Aim," the
list of individuals of tonspkuous merit," Senate Doc. 1st
sess. 30th Cong., vol. I, p. 379. 5
"Too much cannot be said in praise of the officers and
men who composed the storming force, with Captain Paul
in command, ably and gallantly supported by Captain Rob-
erts, of the Mounted Rifles; Captain Dobbins, Third In-
fantry; Lieutenant Richardson, Third Infantry; Lieuten-
ant Wescott, Second Infantry; Lieutenant Hill, Fourth
Aitillery; Lieutenant Bee, Third Infantry; Lieutenant
Steele, Third Infantry; Lieutenant Stewart, Mounted
Rifles; and Lieutenant De Russy, Fourth Artillery. The
party advanced without a falter or check."—General
Twiggs's Report, Senate Doc., 30th Cong., vol. i, p. 398.
" Captain Roberts, of the Rifle Regiment, who had led the
advanced company of the storming party at Chepultepee,
and had greatly distinguished himself during the preceding
day, was detailed by me to plant the ' star spangled banner'
of our country upon the national palace. That flag—the
first strange banner which had ever waved over that palace
since the conquest of Cortez—was displayed and saluted
with enthusiasm by the whole command."— General Quit-
man's Report, Senate Doc., 30th Cong., vol. 1, p. 417.
—— •
"Captain Roberts, regiment of Mounted Riflemen; Cap-
tain Bobbins, Third Infantry; Lieutenant Haskms, First
Artillery; Lieutenants Richardson and Bee, Third Infan-
try ; and Lieutenant James Stewart, regiment of Mounted
Riflemen, were the officers detailed from this brigade for
the storming party, and they all justified the choice by the
most daring courage."
" In the course of the 14th, a fire from the houses and
corners was commenced by the Mexicans, which was not
entirely quelled until the next day; and all the companies,
in succession, were engaged in driving them off. After a
very vigorous attack on the 15th, by a party of mounted
riflemen under Captain Roberts, on the main body of these
irregular combatants, and the severe loss he occasioned
them, put an end to this annoyance. A report of the killed,
wounded, and missing has already been transmitted. The
number is one hundred and sixty-six."—General Pcrsifor
•F. Smith's Report, Appendix to Senate Doc., 30th Cong.,
vol. 1, p. 185.
Vera Cruz, February 7,1848.
Sir : It has been brought to my notice that the services
of Captams Roberts and Porter's companies of the regi-
ment of Mounted Riflemen, at the actions of Contreras, on
the 19th and 20th of August last, have not been noticed in
the report of their immediate superior. I deem it an act
of justice to state, that these two companies composed the
advanced guard of my division, and under my personal or-
ders made their way through the pedregal, driving in the
enemy's skirmishers, and keeping the advanced position m
the afternoon and night of the 19th. These two companies
being separated from their immediate commanders, the
conduct of the officers and men came under my observa-
tion, and deserves the highest commendation. Captain
Roberts, Captain Porter, and Lieutenants Morris and Stew-
art were the officers serving in this command, and are en-
titled to a place of distinction m the report of the action of
Contreras.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedint servant,
D. £. TWIGGS,
jBrigadier General, United States Army.
Honorable W. L. Marcy,
Secretary of War, Washington, District of Columbia.
City of Mexico, September ^,'2, 1847.
Sirs I have just leceived your communication of this
date, and, although confined to my bed, will endeavor to
comply with the request of the General.
Ou the 12th instant [ was placed in command of two
hundred and twenty-five picked men and volunteers of the
second division of regulars, for the purpose of forming a
storming party m the attack on Chepultepee. By direction
of the. General-in-Chief, [ icported on the evening of the
12th to Major General Uuitnian, for orders. I oigamzed
the party into six divisions, comprising the fix regimental
detachments of which it was composed. The first division
was commanded by Captain Roberts, of the Rifles; the
second, by Lieutenant ilaskms, of the Fust Artillery; the
third, by Captain Dobbins, of the Third Infantry; thelourth,
by Lieutenant Hill, of the Fouith Aitilleiy; the fifth, by
Lieutenant Wcscott, of the Second Infantiy; and the.
sixth, by Captain Paul, of the Seventh Infantry. Having
been piovided with scaling ladders, crow-bars, powder-
bags, and ail the necessary implements, on the morning of
the 13th infant, as diiected by the Gcneial, I followed the
Marines, m the direction of the Castle. Soon after passing
DiuniV battery, we entered a ditch on the left of the road,
the enemy opening quite a brisk fire, but which, fiom our
position, did us no injuiy. In a short time the Marines, in
our front, halted; on peiceiving which I ordeied the storm-
ing party to take the loud and pass them. My order was
promptly obeyed, and they gallantly advanced up the load
under a galling and destructive fire. On arriving near the
causeway, 1 leceived a wound m the abdomen, by which
I was unable further to direct the operations of the storm-
ing party, which devolved on Captain Paul, of the Seventh
Intantry. Alter being wounded, [ managed to reach a
rancbo, on the loadside, where I icmamed until the action
was over, using what strength remained to me in urging
on the stragglers who stopped there. From the peculiar
and despeiate nature of the sei vice, and from their zealous
conpejation, F would recommend all the officers of the
stoimnig party to the special notice of the Commanding
General.
Captain Roberts, by his position as commanding the lead-
ing division of tbe column, more particulaily attracted my
attention. From what I myself witnessed, and from the
testimony of others, he, by his activity, zeal, and gallantly,
merits the highest praise.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SILAS CASEY, Captain of Second Infantry*
To A. N. Pauk, Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
City ok Mexico, September 18,1852.
Sir: * * * Under a most galling and destmctive
fire of grape and musketiy, the charge was most gallantly
made by the storming party of the division, m which some j
stragglers and a few marines joined, and the work was car- i
ried at the point of the bayonet. Captain Roberts and Lieu- 1
tenant Stewart of the Rifles, Captain Dobbins and Lieuten- \
ants Richardson and Bee of the Thin' Infantry, Lieutenants [
Hill and De Russy, Fourth Artillery, and Lieutenant Wes- '
cott, Second Infantry, by their bright example, encouraged
the men, who never faltered an instant. * * * Another
portion of the storming party, led by that gallant officer,
Captain Roberts, of the Rifles, assaulted, and after a desper-
ate hand-to-hand conflict, carried the battery in rear of
Chepultepee, kdling and wounding many of the enemy,
cutting off their retreat, and putting an end to the conflict.
* * * It would be a delicate and difficult task for me to
discriminate among the officers, where all were conspicu-
ous for individual gallantry and daring and efficient ser-
vices, yet to Captain Roberts, of the Rifles; Lieutenant
Hill, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Weseott, Second In-
fantry, and Captain Dobbins, Third Infantry, I am mostly
indebted for the success of the operations of the storin-
ers. * , * * *
I have the honor to be, &c., G. R. PAUL,
Captain Seventh Infantry, Commanding Stormers.
Lieutenant A. Lovell, Acting Adjutant General, Volunteer
IHvision, United States Army.
Extract of a Letter from General Persifor F. Smith to the
Secretary of War.
City of Mexico, January 14,1848.
Sir: * * * Captain Roberts, who has distinguished
himself on all occasions in our operations here, is an officer
well qualified by his intelligence, zeal, and industry, to see
that all provisions are made in these matters; and his ex-
perience has made him well acquainted with the wants of
the peculiar arm of the regiment.
With much respect, &c.,
PERSIFOR F. SMITH,
Brevet Brigadier General United Slates Army.
Hon. W. L. Marcy, Secretary of War.
Extract of a Letter from General Smith to the City Author-
ities of New Orleans.
Captain Roberts is one of the most distinguished officers
of my own regiment, the Mounted Riflemen ; and you will
find him mentioned in all the official icports with tne high-
est commendations. His part in the capture of the city, as
well as of Chepultepee, where he led one of the storming
parties, entitles him to the consideiation of all his country-
men. Permit me to Recommend him to your kindness.
Your obedient servant, PERSIFOR F. SMITH.
Remarks of General Scott on Colonel Roberts's claim to
Brevet distinction.
Lieutenant Roberts very justly complains that much dis-
tinguished service on his pait was passed by, and he was
breveted a lieutenant colonel for actions in which he was
not engaged. This eiror should, no doubt, be corrected;
but, in doing justice to Lieutenant Colonel Roberts, care
should be taken that the rectification of one error may not
lead to the commission of others.
Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.
WINFIELI) SCOTT.
Jirne 10, 1852.
Extract of a letter from General Persifor F. Smith, to Mr.
Marcy, relating to the services of Colonel Roberts.
Philadelphia, November 20,1848.
As brevets have been granted at Madalan, I would claim,
on the part of the regiment, & like distinction for that or
the Rio Medio, where, about two hundred and eighty of the
regiment (the rest being on picket) attacked and defeated
four hundred and fifty of the enemy in a very strong posi-
tion, killed and wounded many, and completely routed
them. The regiment having been posted on the extreme
left of the line of investment of Veia Cruz, covering the
appioach fiom Mexico, was distantfrom headquauers, and
its services in this affair have not received the attention
they merit, compared with other similar affairs. In this
Captain Roberts led the attack, and highly distinguished him-
self* as he also did in several affairs under General Lane's
command, and that of other officers in the districts of
Puebla and Perote, and is well entitled to another brevet
at least. Besides the circumstance mentioned iti relation
to the action at Rio Medio, others have occasioned the
oversight of some of the officers. In the battles of Cerro
Gordo and the city, the commanders of the regiment fell,
and their successors could not know the previous services
of the officers. At Contreras and Churubuseo, the legiment
was, at the former partly, and at the latter, wholly, de-
tached from its brigade, and the service it rendered was not
reported by the commanders under whom it was tempora-
rily placed, and to whose command it did not pioperly be-
long. Nevertheless, the whole army unite in awardiugits
distinguished praise ou all occasions.
With the highest respect, &c.,
PERSIFOR F. SMITII,
Brevet Major General.
Hon. W. L. Marcy, Secretary of War.
Joint Resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, presenting a
sword to Captain Benjamin S. Roberts.
''Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
That the Tieasurer of the State be authorized to piocure a
finely-wrought sword and scabbard,with the proper mscup-
tions, to be presented by the Governor to Benjamin S. Rob-
erts, of the Rifle regiment, a* a memento of the pride of
lus fellow-citizens of this State in the soldier-like patriot-
ism and deeds of valor performed by him m the late war
with Mexico.
'•'Approved, January 15, 1840."
Beyond the services noticed in the foregoing,
Colonel Roberts was selected to command five
hundred pickcd volunteers, and ono, hundred
mounted riflemen, to go from Jalapa to VeraCruz,
about the 1st of May,1847, and this command was
the first that swept the road of guerrillas after
the battle of Cerro Gordo. He returned, and
safely conducted the first supply train that reached
General Scott on his march to Mexico. This was
the only command that was marched this route
without loss, and with complete success, during
the war.
After the great battles in the valley of Mexico
and the city, Colonel Roberts was transferred by
