832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
provision of the constitution of Illinois which is
referred to, then that State ought to defray the
expenses incurred in obtaining that construction.
I demand the yeas and nays on the resolutions.
This paying money out of the Treasury of the
United States to gentlemen who come here to con-
test the seats of members on this floor is but an
encouragement and premium to contest. "While
the contestant has none of the responsibility, he
receives all the emoluments of the sitting member.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to occupy
a few moments of the time of the House; but in
conformity to the wishes of my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] who has the floor to-day
in the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union, and wishes to address the House this
morning, I will, if such is the will of the House,
propose to pass over this matter for to-day. If
not, I desire to occupy a few moments upon this
subject.
Ihe SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentle-
man to move to suspend the rules, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ALLEN. Then I make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. In case the Housegoes into
committee now, will not this matter come up to-
morrow as unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. It is a question of privilege,
and will supersede all other business.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the motion is put 1
desire to move that all debate upon the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill shall
cease at one o'clock,on Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The lattewmotion was agreed to.
The question was then put upon Mr. Harris's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stanton in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee,
when last in session, had under consideration the
nineteenth amendment of the Senate to the bill of
the House making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1H5G.
Mr. KEITT, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee for one hour upon the
general politics of the country. His speech is
withheld for revision, and will be published m the
Appendix.
Mr. M1LLSON. The ravages of the terrible
epidemic which last summer desolated the city of
Norfolk, must be still withm the recollection of
every member of this House. Its virulence was
so great, and its malignity so extraordinary—
svveepingaway thousands of our most useful and
valuable citizens, that it is not strange that there
should be a natural anxiety on the part of the
citizens of that town to adopt every possible
method of preventing its recurrence. The au-
thorities of the place have, therefore, adopted
those sanitary measures which experience has
shown to be necessary. They have called on
the owners of property to remove every existing
nuisance,and to adopt every precaution by which
the return of this pestilence can be avoided.
The board of health of the city of Norfolk
have addressed a communication to tiie superinten-
dent of the new custom-house now in process of
construction. I trust the committee will perceive
by this time, that what I am about to say relates
to one of the Senate's amendments to the bill un-
der consideration. I did not indicate my purpose •
to speak to the bill under consideration at the out- j j
set, for fear that so extraordinary an occurrence 1 i
might be declared to be out of order. The com- '!
munication addressed by the board of health is !
in these words:
Ot kick of* Board of Health, January 20, IS56.
At a meeting of the Board of Health it was oidered that
E sunken place on the lot upon which the new custom Jiou.se
is being erected, be filled up and giaded, so as to pievent
the. lodgment and stagnation ol water thereon, and that the
work hereby required to be done be completed before the
first of March next.
THOMAS G. BROUGIITO?*,
Secretary of Board oj Health.
John H. Sale, Superintendent of the New Custom-House,
Norfolk, Virginia.
This communication was sent to the Secretary
of the Treasury, who communicated it to the
Senate, which body, among other amendments
to the deficiency bill, adopted the following:
For filling up and grading the grounds belonging to the
custom-house budding, Norfolk, Virginia, $1,000,
Now, sir, I was very much surprised to see
that the Committee of Ways and Means in the
Hous§ had recommended a non-concurrence in
this amendment. It seemed to mc strange that
when hundreds, thousands, and millions of dollars
were squandered for almost entirely unnecessary
purposes, this inconsiderable appropriation of
$1,000 should be reported against—an appropria-
tion not merely for a work of justice, but one of
humanity and mercy. Now, I know—I am aware
that the Committee of Ways and Means were
not apprised of the necessity there is for this ap-
propriation.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will yield the
floor for a moment I will call the attention of the
committee to the amendment of the Senate to the
deficiency bill. It is in the following words:
For filling up and grading the grounds belonging to the
custom-hou.se, Norfolk, Virginia, $1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means, through
their chairman, recommend that the House non-
concur in that amendment. From the papers
submitted to us at the time, the committee acted
upon that amendment. It was considered that if
the appropriation asked for was necessary at all,
it should go in the regular annual appropriation
bill, instead of being considered as a deficiency.
With that view of the case the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a non-concur-
rence in the Senate's amendment. Since this deci-
sion of the committee the. attention of its members
has been called to the objects for which this appro-
priation v,as designed. It is found that the appro-
■ priation is not only for grading the lot, but for
sanitary purposes in the city of Noifolk; and I j
am satisfied that if a quorum of the committee
had been present at the time it would have re
viewed its decision. I will inform the gentlemen
that while I may represent the Committee of
Ways and Means in reporting to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union the deci-
sion to which thnt Committee has arrived, yet I
reserve to myself a right as an individual mem-
ber of the committee to pursue that course I be-
lieve right and just. From the information which
1 have, 1 will give the amendment my cordial
support.
Mr. MILLSON. I am glad to hear it. I shall
occupy the attention of the committee but a mo-
ment longer to say that it is obviously necessary
and proper that this appropriation should be
made here, and not in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. If it be delayed until the
passage of the latter bill, it will he too late. The
summer will be upon us. This work must be
done; and if it were not done by the Congiess of
the Unit,id States, I undertake to say that the hack
drivers of the cityof Washington would themselves
contribute the money. This generous body of
men, which contributed $700 to relieve the distress
of the people of Norfolk, would rebuke the parsi-
mony of Congress by contributing this sum of
money themselves—that is, if such parsimony
could be charged to Congress. I was Confident
that the Committee of Ways and Means had
acted under a misapprehension; that it had re-
commended a non-concurrence in the Senate's
amendment because of the want of information
of the reasons for which it was asked; for 1 can-
not believe, when it is recollected that the people
represented by the gentlemen here—the people of
the whole country—during the last season, con-
tributed freely and generously hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars to relieve the suffering sick of
Norfolk—that gentlemen here would higgle about
u pitiful appropriation of §1,000 to abate a nuis-
ance m that city. I cannot believe it. We all
recollect with gratitude the hearty liberality of
the people of the United States. It was unexam-
pled; it was unprecedented; and 1 take this occa-
sion to say that the outpouriugs of the people of
every section of the Union—in the North, in the
South, in the East and in the West—have bound
to them the people whom 1 represent by ties of
affection and gratitude more strong than hooks of
steel.
I am glad to find that I was not wrong in my
supposition that the committee came to its con-
clusion only from the want of full information.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. COX, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. PRINGLE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to Congress at the earliest day practicable, a statement in
detail of the plan which has been adopted for the Washington
aqueduct for supplying the city with water, showing first
the dimensions of the conduit, receiving and distributing
reservoirs, and other works, and their capacity of reseivoir
and discharge.
II. The contemplated daily supply required for the Gov-
ernment buildings, and also tor private buildings, and other
pui poses.
J If. An estimate of the entire cost of the work, including
engmeei mg, land and damages, agencies and law expenses,
grading, culverts;, bridge®, dam?, reservoirs, conduits, mam
and distributing pipes, hydrants, stop-cocks, &c.,and all
other works, dividing the line of the conduit in. sections of
about one mile each.
Giving a detailed statement of all the estimated quantities
and pieces—for excavation of common earth, haid pan,
imiuiated eaith, quick sand, rock in open cuttings and m
tunnels; for embankment, backfilling and puddling; for
ma^omy of cut stone or hammer dressed, of rubble, con-
crete, and brick masonry; ftnd the estimated amount and
puces of all other pieces of woik, and also the cost o-f
engineeiing and superintendence, and, m a separate item, a
contingent sum to provide for all unforeseen expense*.
IV. A statement in detail of the present expenditure for
engineering, for law expenses, loi land and land damages,
fot building mateuals, lor tools, tor turmture, for wagons,
caits and eais, for boats and maeluneiy, for powder,""tu^e,
fuel, &e.; for materials used in construction, for labor,
loi s>ub-;ibtence of men and team«, and all other items of
expense ; stating each separately, and separating the pay-
ments made to contractors.
V. A statement of ail contracts made, showing the nd-
tuie of each eontiaet, its estimated amount, the estimated
quantity, and pnee of each item provided for, and the tune
when each of such contracts ate to bo completed; and aKo
when the entire work, with timely appropriations by Con-
gress,can be fully completed and brought into geneial use.
VI. Any other infoimatum which maybe necessaiy to
fuini«h Conuicps with full detailed infoimation in cveiy
branch of the said work.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles/
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending June 30, 1857;
An act to constitute the cities of Hannibal,
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery;
Joint resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house, at Buffalo, New
York; and
An act making appropriations for restoring and
maintaining the peaceable disposition of the In-
dian tribes on the Pacific, and for other purposes.
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of de-
livery at Columbus, Kentucky.
Mr. B. also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kentucky, in reference to the tobacco
interest; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
On motion by Mr. BENSON, Senate bill for
the relief of the widows and orphans of officers,
seamen, and marines of the United States sloop
of war Albany, and for other purposes, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAY OF MECHANICS AT NAVY-YARDS, ETC.
Mr. MILLWARD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill to regulate the pay of mechanics and labor-
ers at the United States navy-yards and naval
stations; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
