1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10T
General Scott to serve with General Lane, in the
district of Puebla, against the organized guerrilla
forces under Generals Torrejon and Rea. He sur-
prised those two generals with their entire force
atTlascala, on the 10th November, and defeated
them, taking- thirteen officers prisoners, and kill-
ing over sixty of their men, and capturing a large
supply train, valued- at a half million. About
four hundred mules and five hundred horses, with
all the appointments and supplies of the enemy,
fell into his hands. This was the important blow
given to the guerrillas during the war. Colonel
Roberts was sent out in the night from Puebla,
by General Lane, with orders to push his mounted
command forward, and, if possible, to reach the
rear of Tlascala before daylight, while General
Lane, with Colonels Gorman and Brough's regi-
ments of volunteers, by another route, expected
about the same time to reach the enemy, and at-
tack in front. The route of General Lane across
the Mariana mountain, delayed him until ten a. m.
Colonel Roberts in the mean time had reached
Tlascala, and, by a sudden and-vigoious charge
upon Torrejon's lancers, had defeated that gen-
eral, and captured the city. General Lane, in
his official report, bestows high commendations
on Colonel Roberts for his conduct in this affair.
That report, however, made subsequent to the
others of General Scott's, has never been pub-
lished, and forms no part of the history of Gen-
eral Lane's brilliant operations against the guer-
rillas.
Extract from, Captain Dv.jp$ report of the storming of Sa?!
Juan dc los Llanos.
"Captain Roberts, who commanded the mam fto  wing
party, anticipated my every wish m nil tie* opoutious oi
his command; and it is to his expenenee, activity, and
gallantry that 1 am mainly indebted for the complete suc-
cess of the day.
" To General P. F. Smith."
Mr. BROWN. J have no objection to the
immediate reference of the last resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs. That resolution
simply proposes proper honors to Colonel Roberts,
to which I have no doubt he is entitled. The first
resolution, however, relates to a subject in which
a distinguished citizen of my own State is inter-
ested, and I ask that it may not be passed upon
at present. I wish to have an opportunity of
looking into the history of that flag, about wHeh
the older members of the Senate will recollect
there was a controversy here on a former occa-
sion between two gentlemen who had the honor
to represent my State in this body. I ask that it
may be postponed in order that t may have an
opportunity of looking into the record and.seeing
that, in a proceeding which proposes to do honor
to Colonel Roberts—to which I certainly mean
to interpose no objection—tlfero shall be no im-
plied want of credit to that distinguished citizen
of my State who bore so honorable a part in the
battle before Chepultepcc. A delay of a day or
two can do Colonel Roberts no harm, and it may
be the means of doing proper credit to a gentle-
man of my State, who is equally entitled to the
thanks of Congress and of the country for the
part whidh he bore in the battle.
Mr. FOOT. If the Senator from Mississippi
apprehended me aright, he understands my mo-
tion to embrace both lesolutions, that both be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and there undergo all the investigation suggested.
Mr. BROWN. Precisely so; but I am not
willing to have that reference made until T shall
be heard in defense of the conduct, position, and
character of a gentleman from my own State who
bore the part to which I have alluded in that
battle, and who is now a member of the other
House of Congress, [General Quitman.] I hope,
therefore, the motion will lie over.
Mr. FOOT. The first of my resolutions' is a
simple Senate resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to the
last resolution—the joint resolution proposing
the conferring of honors upon Colonel Roberts.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 understand that ob-
jection is made to the consideration of both res-
olutions.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made,
they must lie over under the rule.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
During the delivery of Mr. Foot's remarks on
the resolutions which he submitted, Mr. Sidney
Webster, the President's Private Secretary,
appeared below the bar. Mr. Fq$t yielded the
floor for the reception of any message the Secre-
tary might bear to the Senate, and Mr. Webster
said:
Mr. President : I am directed by the President of the
United States to deliver to the Senate a message in writing,
and several accompanying documents.
Mr. FOOl^then resumed his remarks, but ho
was interrupted by
Mr. CLAYTON, who said: I ask my hon-
orable friend to give way for one moment. I
believe the message which has been received from
the President of the United States is not of an
executive character, but is actually his annual
message to the two Houses of Congress. [Sen-
sation and expressions of surprise.] Now, if
the Senator from Vermont wdi give way, I will
ask that the message may be read.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ver-
mont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOT. I yield, of course, to such an
announcement.
The PRESIDENT. The message of the Pres-
ident of the United States will be read. /
The Clerk read the message. [See Axtffcndix
for it.] 4/^
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, rarely since
the origin of this Government has an executive
message been sent to this body treating of topics
of more interest and importance than that which
is now upon your table, and which has just been
read. I do not rise, sir, for the purpose of dis-
cussing Che subjects that are embraced in it; that
would be contrary to the ancient usage of the
hotly, and 1 am not disposed to introduce any
innovations. But, sir, it, does seem to mo that
thue is one sublet presented prominently ni
the foreground of that message, on which it may
be proper now to say a f<\v words before sub-
mitting the ordinary motion to print the message
for the use of the Senate.
The President has informed us, in one of the
first paiagiaphs of his message, that the most
important subject in the foreign relations of this
country is that which is connected with the
treaty of the i()th of Apnl, 1850, in regard to
the country called Central America. He tells us,
after two yeais, at least, of laborious negotia-
tion-? with Great Britain, our Minister has entirely
failed to bring the British Gfovernment to a fair
construction of the treaty—such an interpreta-
tion of it as one of the British Ministers, at the
head of the Foreign Office, himself construed it,
since the exchange of ratifications on the 4th of
July, 1850. This, the President says, may se-
riously involve us, and he apprehends the con-
sequence may be a rupture of our relations with
Great Britain. Concurring, generally, in all that
the President has said upon this subject, from
hearing it read at the table. I desire to make a
few remarks in regard to it for the purpose of
showing our countrymen—at the same time that
the message goes forth to them—the soundness
of the grounds upon which tiie President has
undertaken to conduct the negotiation with the
Government of Great Britain, the strength of our
own position, and the oppressive injustice of the
Government of Great Britain against us.
We have never been a nation anxious to break
relations of pence with any European country.
However it maybe charged upon us, the history
of our country will show, from the beginning of this
Government, that we have long and often borne
outrageous injuries from other countries, and have
been among the last to resort to the ultima ratio.
Gieat Britain, on the other hand, whenever she
is trespassed upon, ispiompt to avenge the wrong.
She goes to war and breaks up peaceful relations
with other Governments and countries upon
grounds which we have never assumed. She
takes upon herself to break up the peace of Europe
by asserting the integrity and independence of the
Ottoman Empire—an empire in whose territory
she has no claim and no direct interest. She goes
to war upon the ground that the balance of power
in Europe is disturbed by the conduct of the
Government of Russia. She assumes to herself
the right to regulate the affairs of the world be-
yond her own territory. We have never made
any such assumption.
It has long been apparent to us, and it was clear
to her at the time when we made the treaty of
Gaudalupe Hidalgo, and annexed our possessions
on the Pacilic coast to this country, that there
was a portion of territory outside the limits of
the United States, in reference to which our in-
terests were peculiar, and in regard to which it
was impossible for us, consistently with what was
due to ourselves, to permit any other great mari-'
time nation to occupy it exclusively, so as to enable
them to shut us out of it at their will. Sir, with
that keenness of sagacity which has distinguished
British statesmen, and I am sorry to say, too,
with that selfishness which has often character-
ized them, the very momemt Great Britain dis-
covered that we were about permanently to annex
to the United States California and New Mexito,
j she sent an armed expedition from Jamaica with
j two ships of war, entered the river San Juan de
; Nicaragua, took the town of that ancient name,
called it Greytown, stormed the fort of Serra-
paqui, and proclaimed her own terms to a people
who had gallantly, but unsuccessfully, fought in
defense of their own territory, and have proved
themselves our friends in an emergency, for
which we oughuto be grateful.
Sir, it is impossible for any man who desires
to seek for truth in investigating this subject, to
overlook the fact, that Great Britain placed herself
across all the passages to California m Central
America, just at the moment when she saw the
United States were about to acquire California
and New Mexico. For what purpose was it* I
do not resort to mere coincidents always to furnish
arguments, but when one so striking as this pre-
sents itself to my mind, it at least furnishes a
substantial reason for demanding from such a
Government as that of Great Britain why this
country was seized, and then seized by them. If,
as Lord Pahnerston has undertaken to assert,
f they had title, as allies of the Mosquito Indians,
j there for two hundred years back, why was it
; that they solemnly abandoned all pretensions to
| any part of the country, and dismantled all their
forts in obedience to the treaty of 1786 with
i Spain, and repudiated all connection with the
Mosquito Indians? They afterwards resumed
their disreputable alliance with those miserable
barbarians, and seized their country by force of
arms at the critical moment when itbecame neces-
sary for them to hold it as a means of obstruction
i to us—a fence athwart the only passages we had
to our Pacific territories !
Sir, a brief history of the events which have
occurred relating to that country, will fully vin-
dicate the statement contained in the President's
message, and I hope the Senate will pardon mo
if I pass that subject shortly in review. When
the old English buccaneers first began to inter-
rupt the Spanish possessions in the Isthmus,
Great Britain had no title, or pretension of title
there. Her first claim to a mere tenancy at
the Balize, under Spain, was founded on the pos-
session of these buccaneers. Their usurpations
i of territory without the shadow of title led to
! the treaty of Paris of 1763, in which she agreed
to demolish all the fortifications they had erected
in every part of the country on condition that
tlicy should be allowed to cut logwood. She af-
terwards violated that treaty, and went into a war
with Spain, and, in her declaration of that war
in 1780, assigned this grievance as a ground of
the war. The result was, that in 1783, after she
had vainly attempted to retain her possession
there, she made another treaty with Spam, by
which she agreed a^ain to leave the whole coun-
try, and to abandon the entire Isthmus, except
the little territory of Bahze, where she was only
to have the right to cut dye-wood and mahogany.
She did not then undertake toclatmany dominion
at the Bahze, or m any portion of the Isthmus,
The word** used in the treaty were, that all the
English on the Spanish continent should retire
within the dish ict of Balize.
In the publication which has been made within
the last three years by one of the British Pre-
miers himself, Lord John Russell, of the corre-
| spondence of Charles James Fox, the Minister in
: 17W3, it appears that, at the very time when the
British Cabinet made that treaty agreeing to leave
Central America, and in express terms to retire
from " continent Espagnol," (ihe Spanish con-
tinent,) the Prime Minister wrote to the King,
that the Cabinet had resolved to sign the treaty,
reserving to themselves the intention afterwards to
violate it. Mr. Fox and all the Cabinet, except
Lord Stormont,made it such a mental reservation,
that the words " continent Espagnol," or Spanish
