THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL M, 1856.
New Series....No. 53.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PLYMOUTH, MASS. I
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, by unanimous ;
consent, and m pursuance of previous noticc, in- :
troduc.ed a bill authorizing the construction of a '
building at Plymouth, Massachusetts, for a ens- j
tom-lio'use and post office; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee I
on Commerce.. I
RESOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE, j
Mr. HERBERT presented the following reso- j
lutions of the Legislature of California; which j
were severally ordered to be printed and referred
as indicated below:
A resolution disapproving of the action of the
late naval board, as unjust and injurious to the
service. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. _
A resolution requesting their Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress to take all measures
which may be nccessaiy at Washington to obtain
a complete and thorough exploration of the river
Colorado from Fort Yuma to its source. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
A resolution requesting their Senators and
Representatives in Congress to take such steps
as may be necessary to procure a collection dis-
trict in the northern portion of the State of Cali-
fornia, and to establish a port of entry at Bucks-
port, Humboldt bay. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
A resolution requesting her Senators and Repre-
sentatives to urge upon Congress the immediate
passage of a law appropriating fifty thousand
stand of arms to the use of the State of California.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF TAUNTON RIVER.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the improvement of the Taunton river,
in the State of Massachusetts; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. MORGAN, from, and in behalf of the
Committee on Patents, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial
of John A. and Hiram A. JPetts, and that the
same be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, asked
that they may be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Cy us Buckland,
and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
It was so ordered.
LIEUTENANT MAURY.
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution giving the consent of
Congress to the acceptance by Lieutenant Maury
of certain medals presented by the King of the
Netherlands and others; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AND POST OFFICE AT PERTH
AMBOY.
Mr. BISHOP, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the erection
oi a suitable building for a custom-house and post office in
the city of Peith Amboy, New Jersey.
TRIAL BY JURY AND APPEAL IN CONTEMPT
CASES.
Mr. BARBOUR, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for the right of trial by jury, and the
right of appeal in cases of alleged contempt of
court; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF KENTUCKY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolutions of the Legis-
53
lature of Kentucky; which were disposed of as
indicdtcd below:
Resolutions in relation to the removal of ob-
structions in the Cumberland river, in Pulaski
county. Referred to the Committee on Com- j
morec, and ordered to be printed.
A resolution 111 relation to the Missouri com-
promise and Kansas-Nebraska act. Laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A resolution in relation to the purchase of the
Hermitage. Laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PELTON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to authorize the President
of the United States to procure, by purchase or
otherwise, a suitable steiuner, to be stationed at
the port of New York as a revenue cutter, and
for the purpose of affording relief to distressed
vessels, their passengers and crews*, which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHliURNE, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to
authorize the sale of section eighteen, township
seven, range four west, in the Mineial Point
land district, in (lie State of Illinois, and to yraut
preemption rights; which was lead n fust and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported a
bill to continue the pension of Nancy Weather-
ford; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SNEED, from the Committee on Mileage,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of the
late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate from Oregon;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
WOLF ISLAND, IN THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BUIINETT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions ofthe Stare Legislature of Ken-
tucky, m reference to Wolf Island; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. He
also offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiuctcd to inquiie into the piopuety of suriendering to the
State of Kentucky Wolf Inland, in the Mississippi river.
CUSTOM-MOUSE, ETC., AT TOLEDO, OHIO.
Mr. MOTT, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an additional appropriation for the en-
largement of the custom-house and post office
building at Toledo, Ohio; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
DR. WILLIAM P. HAIL.
Mr. GtUITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, submitted a joint resolution for the
relief of Dr. William P. Hail, late of the Ten-
nessee volunteers in the Mexican war; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
CLAIMS AGAINST SPANISH GOVERNMENT.
Mr. KNOWLTON, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House what measures, if
any, have been taken since the 27th of December, 1852,lor
the indemnification by the Spanish Government of the cap-
tains, owners, and crews of the bark Georgiana and the brig
Susan Loud, in consequence of the capture and confisca-
tion of the said bark and brig by the Spanish authorities.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr,WO0DWORTH, byunanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of Frederick Stephens, for services
rendered in the late war with Great Britain; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WALDRON, byunanimous consent,and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of Hyacinth Riopell, and others,
heirs and assignees of Ambroise Riopell, de-
ceased; which was rend a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of James Witherell, and others; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. W ASHRUkNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, and in pursuance of previous noticc, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the issue of a re-
gister to the brig Echo, of Boston; which received
its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. MURRAY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased; which
was road u first and second time, referred to a
Committee, of the Whole House, and ordered to
be jointed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS*
On motion by Mr. CLAWSON, it was
Oytfrrcd, Thar Je.ivo bo <nauted for the withdrawal from
the Hies o/ the J Joum- of the papers in the ca.se oi James N.
bawienee,  iatid-on of Kenj.imm Lawience.
CHINESE COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. II. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Poieign Relations in-
quire into the expediency of declaring the engagement of
American ship-* in the Chinese Coolie trade to be illegal,
and a cause ut lbifcituiuto their captors of the ships engaged
therein ; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. KNOX, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Roads and Canals
House bill (No. 21) to surrender to the State of
Illinois the Cumberland road in said State; which
he asked to have pat upon its passage.
Mr. McMULLlN objected.
Mr. PR1NGLE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the'following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate what information he may possess
in legard to citizen^ of the United States being engaged in
the slave tiade, or in the transpoitanon iu American ships,
of Coolie-* fiom China to Cuba und other countries, with
the intention of placing or continuing them in a state of
i-Iaveiy or servitude, and whether such traffic is not, in his
opinion, a violation of the spnit of existing treaties, render-
in? thosso engaged m it liable to indictment for pnacy ; and
especially that he be requested to communicate to this
House the facts and circumstances attending the shipment
from China of some five hundred Coolies in the ship Sea
Witch, of the city of New York, lately wrecked on the
coast of Cuba.
IMPROVEMENT OF MOBILE HARBOR.
Mr. EUSTIS, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Commerce Mouse
bill (No. 155,) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor'of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog river
bar, Choctaw pass, and to the Lower Fleet; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HAVEN. As this seems to be a time of
general inquiry in the House, I ask unanimous
consent, to offer the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
whether the laws granting pensions to invalids of the Army
and Navy of the United States, for wounds received, or dis-
abilities incurred, while in the line of their duty in the
military and naval service of the United States, have been
and are executed according to their true intent and meaning;
and, if further legislation be necessary, that they be at lib-
erty to report by bill or otherwise.
Also, That the resolutions of the State of New Ygtk on
this subject be referred to said committee.
The resolution was, by "unanimous consent,
considered and agreed to.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. HOFFMAN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
