1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
in Ohio; it was true in Indiana; it was true in
Illinois; it was true in those great States where
nature is so fruitful. The times have changed
within a few years, and I am glad of it, and they
have got greatly increased prices for their com-
modities; but I fear the increase has been but
temporary. The war in Europe is over. Good
crops may succccd, and then the agriculturists
will see the times they have seen before.
This whole scheme is a part of the system of
persons engaged in commerce, in transporting
commodities, to put the expense of their business
on the rest of society. The Senator from Ohio
has gone into an argument to show that by the
Constitution we became one people as to com-
merce. I admit it. The Senator from Michigan
said the other day that I gave too restricted a
meaning to the word " regulate" as employed in
the clause of the Constitution giving Congress the
power to regulate commerce. I quoted my author-
ities. I have never seen, in prose or poetry, in a
legal argument, or in any language, the word
" regulate'> used as meaning to carry commod-
ities, or as meaning anything else than what I
stated. The Senator from Michigan said I gave
it a restricted meaning. I know that an enlarged
one is necessary in order to get at the Treasury.
When you go to the lexicographers, and when
you consult the men who inserted this language
m the Constitution, you see that they use it m
the same sense which I stated the other day. I
read then what was done in the Federal Conven-
tion on this subject; but it is valuable, and I will
read it again:
"Dr Franklin moved to add, after the words, * post
roads,' article 1, section 8, a power £ to provide for cutting
canals where deemed necessary.'
" Mr. Wilson seconded the motion."
Ah, says the gentleman, that is for cutting
canals. Well, sir, canals were the most im-
proved mode of communication known at the
time of the formation of the Constitution; but I
will show, from this debate in the Federal con-
vention, that the question was not as to the
mode, but as to whether natural obstacles could
be removed under the power to regulate com-
merce. It was the unanimous judgment of all
that it could not be, and the desire of every State
but three, that it should not be. My own State
was unwise enough to vote for it. She was one
of the three; all the rest voted against it. Let
me continue :
"Mr. Sherman objected. The evppri<5e in such cases
will fall on the United States, and the benefit accrue to
the places where the canals may be cut.'5
That was Mr. Sherman's account of it, not as
the Senator from Louisiana attempts now to jus-
tify this appropriation as for the benefit of the
whole United States. He understood that busi-
ness.
"Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an expense to the
United States, they may be made a source ot revenue "
We have made some of these improvements.
The Louisville and Portland canal was one of the
good works. We united in that case with private
enterprise. The work became enormously prof-
itable. Finally an arrangement was made with
some of the States, by which the United States
paid all the private stockholders a heavy per
cent., forty dollars premium on every share; and
the Government of the United States became the
owner by appropriating all its portion of the rev-
enue to buy in the private stock, so as to make
the canal fj ee
Mi. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. Itis
not free now. The taxes are enormous to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. I supposed it was free: but at
any rate there is a bill pending for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. The tax is made enormous,
because the private stockholders charge; but is
anything charged by the United States stock in
the shape of tolls
Mr. PUGrbi. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the system as
well as the Senator from Ohio. I have looked
into these matters. Specious statements will not
do for me. I have examined the subject to the
bottom. I know that twelve or fourteen years
ago a system w as put in operation by which the
Government agreed to give the private stock-
holders forty per cent, premium on their shares,
and to use the whole income of the Government
stork to buy out the private stockholder!?.
Mr. PUGH. That is true. I did not rise te
correct the Senator as to that; but I rose to cor-
rect him as to the statement that the Government
had made the canal free.
Mr. TOOMBS. The object was to make it
free, but I am not certain whether or not it has
been consummated yet. Although the work has
been so enormously profitable as to induce the
Government to pay forty per cent, premium, not
a dollar has come into the Treasury from it for
ten years, and I venture to say not a dollar will;
and I think the Senator knows it as well as I do.
But, sir, to return to the debate in the Federal
convention. It seems that Mr. Sherman was
wiser than Mr. Wilson in this matter, who
thought the existence of such a power in the
United States might be made a source of rev-
enue. We tried that, and we engaged in a good
work, but the moment it became profitable it was
sequestered; that is the truth of the case. There
has been a difficulty ever since I have been a
member of Congress in regard to it. The Ken-
tuckians constantly wanted us to buy it out in
advance. They said it was a great hardship that
steamboat owners should pay a tax for passing
through that canal; and I have no doubt it is the
feeling of the Senator from Ohio that it is a great
hardship on the owners of a steamboat to pay a
tax for going through that lock.
Mr. WADE. We ought to have a canal on
the other side of the river.
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt you will have it
there if the Government will build it for you, for,
if it does no good to anybody else, it will benefit
the contractors.
Mr. BIGGS. There is a bill now before the
Committee on Roads and Canals for that very
purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and the proposition
has been made for ten years past. Now is a
good time for it. Now there is a foray on the
Treasury. Jefferson resisted it. Madison re-
sisted it by his veto. That was Republicanism
or Democracy in those days. General Jackson
resisted some and supported others. Mr. John
Tyler resisted them "by his veto. Mr. Polk re-
sisted them. This is the first time from the
beginning of the Government when a veto of a
measure of this nature has been overruled. It
has been from a fatal fusion. It has been from
an abandonment of principle by those who have
made great professions to the contrary. As to
the Senator from Louisiana, he is where he has
always been, I suppose, representing a constit-
uency who are willing, as commercial classes
always are, to receive the bounties of Govern-
ment. Jefferson never said a truer thing than
that their patriotism was bounded by their ledgers.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] in a letter, eight years ago, declared that
he heartily appioved every resolution in the Bal-
timore platform, this among them; but times
change, and men change with them. The prin-
ciples of the platform had his hearty approbation.
I doubted if then; my doubts are now confirmed
into knowledge. I stood then where I stand
now. I supported Mr. Polk's vetoes. The Dem-
ocratic party approved Mr. Polk's vetoes, and
nominated General Cass. He accepted the nom-
ination of course. If we had adhered to the
principles of those vetoes, we should not be in-
volved in this wide-spread system of using the
public money for local advantages. There is
no security in it. It is against the nature of man
that it can be done wisely. But, sir, let me reler
again to the debates on this point m the Federal
convention: #
" Mr. M kdison suggested an enlargement of the motion
into a poweri to grant chaitftu* of mcorpoianon where the
mteie&t of the United States might lequire, and the legisla-
tive provision? of individual St.ites may be incompetent.'
Hi- primary object was, howevei, to secure an ea^y com-
munication between the Slates, wnicli the fiee jntereoui>e
now to be opened seemed to call for. The political ob-
stacles* being lemoved, a removal of the natural ones, as far
as possible, ought to lollow."
The very distinction which I now take was
taken by him on that day. Some of the fathers
thought that political obstructions being removoil,
the removal of natural ones ought, if possible, to
follow; and the proposition was made to give
power to cut canals to overcome natural obstacles
in the way of the free transmission of commodi-
ties. This won the object which Mr. Madison .
had'in vi^w; hence he supported the proposition j
for canal?. It was not a particular sort of im- \
provement, for it was the best of thai day. The
commercial power was already given in the Con-
stitution. Congress had the right to regulate,
commerce, that is, to prescribe the rules for its
government, to say how it should be carried on
with foreign nations,between the different States,
and with the Indian tribes. It was broad and
comprehensive—as wide in the States as in-the
Territories. It is universal at home and abroad,
among civilized and savage man. The political
barriers which had obstructed intercouse between
States were broken down, and Mr. Madison
wanted the natural barriers removed also. He
thought it would be wise to remove the falls of the
Ohio, or get around them—to remove the falls of
the St. Mary's, or to get around them—to dig out
the St. Clair fiats; but what did they say:
" Mr. King thought the power was unnecessary.
" Mr. Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a Stat« fVora
obstructing the general welfare."
This is the same argument we hear now.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned the importance of facilitat-
ing by canals the communication with the western settle-
ments."
That is the very argument which you hare
here to-day. You have not improved on it. All
the intellect from that day to this has failed to
present additional reasons to those given m this
debate of twenty lines in the Federal convention.
No man who has spoken has been able to give
any reason beyond what was given in the five or
six line speeches of these gentlemen. Then:
"As to banks, he (Mr. Wilson) did not think, with Mr.
King, that the power, m that point of view, would excite
the prejudices and parties apprehended. As to mercantile,
monopolies, they are already included in the power to reg-
ulate trade.
" Colonel Mason was for limiting the power to the sin-
gle case of canals. He was afraid of monopolies of every
sort, which he did not think were by any means already
implied by the Constitution, as supported by Mr. Wilson.
" The motion being so modified as to admit a distinct
question, specifying and limited to the case of canals—
"Pennsylvania, Virginia, Georgia, ay, .3; New Hamp-.
shire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, no, 8."
That shows their construction of what they
meant by regulating commerce. It was brought
up fairly and fully between them. They knew
no other meaning. As I stated on a former occa-
sion, the word is the clearest and most explicit
to convey its own meaning in the English lan-
guage. It defies misconstruction or misconcep-
tion. Many words m the English language have
various meanings; this has but one. Trace it back
for three hundred years—trace its etymology to
the languages from which it is derived, and the
roots are all remarkable for the certainty, distinct-
ness, and singleness of their meaning. _ The lan-
guage is " to regulate commerce." itiscompre-
hensive—to prescribe the rules by which com-
merce shall be carried on. The first Congress did
it. That this was the intention is shown by the
arguments, declarations, and votes of the very
men who put it in the Constitution.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am anxious
to know where it is that we are drifting. We
certainly have adopted in the Cincinnati platform
a declaration against any general system of inter-
nal improvements, and yet i hear the heads oft
the party here declaring that we have the right,
under the power to regulate commerce, to make
harbors within the States. Now, can any man
show me any sensible distinction of principle be-
tween the right to make a harbor within the juris-
diction of a State, and the right to cut a canal
within that jurisdiction? Does not the one facil-
itate commerce as much as the other? Nay, does
it not facilitate commerce more ? Why, sir, you
would cut some seventy or eighty miles of canal m
my State, which would facilitate commerce in a
general point of view more than any other work
m the United States, for it would open up the
shortest route to the Atlantic for the whole west-
ern country. I know of nothing that would facil-
itate commerce more than to cut that canal, and
complete the communication between the James
and the Kanawha rivers. If you can support,
on any principle, the making of a harbor within
the jurisdiction of my State, you could support
the right to cut that canal.
Again, sir: if we are to go into a system of
internal improvements which is to exclude a gen-
eral view of the interests of the whole country,
and to appropriate the money of the Federal
Treasury to local and particular objects, it i* aot
