834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
House the papers in the case of Major William
Keller, for the purpose of having them presented
to the Court of Claims.
TREASURY BUILDING EXTENSION.
Mr. BALL, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to send to this House, at as early a day as practicable, copies
of all advertisements issued by him, or by any officer or
agent acting under his direction or authority, inviting bids
or proposals for furnishing marble, granite, or any other
material, or for labor, to be used or employed in the con-
struction of the extension of the Trea>ury building.
That in like manner he cause to be prepared and sent
to this House, copies of all bids or proposals for furnishing
said materials or labor, or any portion thereof, which have
been made in pursuance of said advertisements, or other-
wise, specifying paruculaily whether any alterations or
modifications have been made m any of said bids or pro-
posals after the same were opened; and, if so, the nature
and extent of said alterations or modifications, and by
whom made, and whether it was done with or without the
knowledge or approbation of the said Secretary.
That he, m hke manner, s.end copies of all contracts
mnde or entered into by himself, or by any officer or agent
acting under his authority, with any person or persons for
tumislnng such materials or labor, or any part thereof,
stating the piobable amount that will be requued of each
description of material, and the place or places from whence
it is to be furnished, if the same be not specified in the
contract.
That he also state whether any (and, if so, what) portion
of said mateual has been purchased or contracted for with-
out public notice having been first given inviting bids or
proposals; or whether, after the publication of such notice,
any contracts! have been made for the same material be-
fore the day specified m the notice for the opening of said
bids and the assigning of the contracts.
That he also state what portion of such work he is causing
to be constructed by contract, and how much, and what
portion, by men employed by the day; the prices paid by
the day for the various descriptions of labor, &c.
And that hefuithor state what amount of money has
been expended, or agreed to be paid, m the purchase of
tools and teams, and in the building of shops aud sheds;
and also, what amount has been expended in construction
of derricks, steam-engines, and other machinerv to be em-
ployed in hauling and setting the stone and other material
used in the construction of said building ; and also whether
the denicks and other machinery now on hand are consid-
ered sufficient for setting the columns and other heavy de •
scriptions of the woik; and, it not, what will be the piob-
able cost of the additional machinery that will be required
to complete the construction of said building.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD. X ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to introduce a bill to
alter uud amend an act entitled ''An act appro-
priating money to remove obstructions in the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah,
in^the State of Georgia," approved March 3,
1855.
I hope the House will allow mo to put it on its
passage.
Mr. RITCHIE I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his objection; the bill
does not make any appropriation.
Mr. RITCHIE. If it does not, I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Let the bill be read
for information.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection; the bill makes no appro-
priation of money.
Mr. HARLAA', I am aware of that. I do not
withdraw my objection.
Mr. SEWARi). I ask, then, that the bill may
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr, HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, re-
ceived, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
beiore the House requests to be excused from
serving on committees, as follows: Mr. Oliver
of Missouri, from the Committee of Elections'
Mr.*bni-,;!ma.\t, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; Mr. Howard, from the Committee of
Ways and Means; Mr. Cadwalader, from the
Commutee on Accounts; and IVIr. Stavton, from
tlie Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the resignations were
accepted by the House.
The SPEAKER then appointed the following
gentlemen to fill the vacancics thus created :
Committee of Elections—Mr. Savage, vice Mr.
Oliver.
Committee on Foreigp, Affairs—Mr. Stanton,
vice Mr. Sherman.
Committee of Ways and Means—Mr. Billing-
hurst, vice Mr. Howard.
Committee on Accounts—Mr. Hdghston, vice
Mr. Cadwalader.
Committee on Military Affairs—Mr. Clark, of
New York, vice Mr. Stanton.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskthegen-
tlemanfrom New York to withdraw the motion,
to enable me to introduce a resolution to which
there will be no objection.
Mr. FLAGLER. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. "WASHBURNE then, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Postmaster Gencrai lie directed to
communicate to this House a copy of the memorial of tiie
city authonties of Dubuque, Iowa, in relation to the Illinois
Centra! rathoaci, and the carrying of the mails by the
Galena and Minnesota Packet Compan}.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, at
(half past three o'clock,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jipril 8, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of mer-
chants, shipmasters, and others, citizens of Balti-
more, praying for the establishment of a marine
hospital at that port; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Joseph E.
Holmes, praymg that an appropriation may be
made for the pmpose of investigating the causes
of explosions of steam-boilers; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Michigan,
asking for a grant of land for the construction of
a railroad from Fond du Lac to Ontonagon, with
branches to Marquette; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of George G. Henry, of Mobile, asking for the
passage of a law to authorize the Commissioner
of Patents to grant him a patent for fifty years,
being a longer period than is allowed by law; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing that the jail located in that city maybe removed;
also, proceedings of the criminal court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying for the erection of a
new jail, and recommending some better and more
permanent accommodation for the criminal court
of the District; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia,
Also, a petition of officers of the Army, pray-
ing for an increase of the commutation price of
the Army ration; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom were referred the peti-
tions of A. E. Donoho in behalf of Sophia Turner,
of Lucy Tate, and of Peter Van Buskirk, made
adverse reports thereon; which were ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee to whom
were referred the petitions of Brackett Leavitt,
of the executor of Carter Page, of the le^al rep-
resentatives of James Purvis, and of William
Allen, grandson of Jonathan Allen, asked to be
discharged from tneir further consideration, on
the ground that they were proper cases for inves-
tigation by the Court of Claims, and that the
petitioners have leave to withdiaw their petitions
and papers for the purpose of presenting them to
the court; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of Major
Samuel Scott, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for their relief; which was read and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of F. A. Cunningham, paymaster of the United
States Army, praying relief on account of a rob-
bery of the public funds under his charge at Santa
Fe, New Mexico, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend the act approved August 31, 1852, entitled
" An act making further provision for the satisfac-
tion of Virginia land warrants;" which was read
the first and second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. REID, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill making further
appropriation for the improvement of the Cape
Fear river, North Carolina; which was read the
first and second times by its title, and referred to
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill supplemen-
tary to « An act to limit the liability of ship
owners and for other purposes," approved 3d of
March, 1851; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, the assistant clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. 259) to
authorize the issue of a register to the brig Echo,
of Boston.
Also, that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, on the 5th instant, the
1 following acts and joint resolution:
i An act making appropriations for the payment
j of invalid and other pensions of theUmted States,
; for the year ending the 30th of June, 1S57;
j An act to constitute the cities of Hannibal,
j Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery;
i An act making appropriations for restoring and
' maintaining the peaceable disposition of the In-
dian tribes on the Pacific, and for other purposes;
and
Joint resolution for enlarging the custom-
house, post office, and court-house, at Buffalo,
New York.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the Senate now to take up
Senate bill (No 109) to provide for the settlement
of the claims of the officers of the revolutionary
army, and of the widows and orphan children of
j those who died in the service, not with a view to
its discussion, at this time, but to fix some day
j for which it may be made the special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till this day
week, and be made the special order for that day
at half past twelve o'clock, and at that time from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr.^STUART. I hope the Senator will say
one o clock, because it deranges our business
very much to be making special orders for half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. EVANS. Very well; I will modify my
motion so as to make the bill the special order
for this day week at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (fe. No. 5) to lemit or refund duties on
goods, wares, or merchandise destioyed by fire,
to report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to have this bill taken up and
passed now. It is the same which we passed at
the last session, but it failed for want of time in
the House of Representatives. It is known as
the general fire bill, and, I believe, is satisfactory
to all parties.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
