1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-69
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from South Carolina go on and make his state-
ment now?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir. I do not wish to
make it now. I wish to make it in such a form
as to be rather a statement of testimony than any-
thing else; for, as my friend has said, those who
know General Atchison at all, know enough of
him to be aware that he is a remarkable man in
two respects—for his firmness and his benevo-
lence. I think those who know him best would
be very apt to appreciate the qualities which, in
some measure, have not been understood. If the
Senator from Massachusetts will allow me to
quote from his distinguished predecessor, (Mr.
Webster,) I will say of General Atchison as
that great man said of Massachusetts, "There
he stands: he needs no eulogy."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
after what has fallen from my friend from South
Carolina, 1 have not another word to say in be-
half or in vindication of the character of General
Atchison. I did feel at the time that there was
something of unkindncss in the assault of the
Senator from Massachusetts. We have all known
him; and there lives not on God's green earth the
man who dares stand up and assert that David
R. Atchison is capable of anything mean, low,
unworthy, or unpatriotic. I know the Senator
from South Carolina will be able to present this
matter in a clearer light than I can, and I there-
fore dismiss this portion of the subject.
Mr. President, I have been endeavoring to show
that all these outrages did not flow from the border
ruffians of Missouri, as they are called, but may
be traced, directly or indirectly, in part or in
whole, to the intervention of the emigrant aid
societies—that of Massachusetts being the germ
from which all the others have sprung. This
point, I think, I shall be able to prove to the satis-
faction even of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I would to Heaven that the impenetrable shield—
if it be impenetrable—which nas gathered over
his mind, and, I fear, over his heart, could be
removed for one moment, and that he could be
made to feel and believe that it was possible that
some virtue, some charity, some patriotism, some
of those enlarged, generous, and liberal feelings
which dignify our nature, are to be found on the
southern side of Mason and Dixon's line. The
Seaator nods his head, as much as to say that he
feels it to be so. I am glad that he does, and if
he were to go through the South, and see things
for himself, he would come back with other
feelings, other purposes, and other resolves. I
have stated my convictions of the result of the
formation of these societies. I hold In my hand
the proceedings of a meeting of free State citizens
of the Territory of Kansas, held on the 5th and
6th of September, 1855; and I propose to read
one resolve of that convention. Remember that
it is a convention of the lovers of freedom—of
those who seek to establish free institutions in
Kansas—of the lovers of peace and the men of
humility; bat let us see what they say:
" Resolved, That we will endure and submit to these laws
so longer than the best interests of the Territory require, as
the least of two evils, and will resist them to a bloody issue
as soon as we ascertain that peaceable remedies shall foil,
and forcible resistance shall furnish any reasonable pros-
pect of success; and that, in the mean time, we recommend
to our friends throughout the Territory the organization
and discipline of volunteer companies, and the procure-
ment and preparation of arms."
Here is a proclamation issued by these lovers
of peace, these inoffensive gentlemen, who, we
are told, have been besieged and beleaguered by
the border ruffians of Missouri, saying—" we
will submit as long as we choose, and when we
choose we will resist the law, even to the shed-
ding of blood." That is the plain English of
what they say. How does that comport with the
peaceful mission of the emigrant aid society?
These men go further, and they recommend an
organization of volunteer military companies.
For what? To resist the execution of the law—
to resist it when, in their judgment, they can do
so safely; because they are very smart about
that.
Mr. HALE. Prudent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, prudent.
You are always prudent; that is the very objec-
tion I have to you. You have no impulses. If
rou were a little more impulsive and less prudent,
would have more confidence in yoa; for I would
rather trust the heart than the head. I have said
these men recommended the organization of mili-
tary companies. This was in a peaceful country,
where the laws were passed, according to Governor
Reeder, by the properly-constituea authorities,
acknowledged to be so by the Supreme Court.
These men say " we will submit to the laws as
long as we please, and the very moment we per-
ceive that we can resist them'successfully, we will
do so." That may not be an overt act of treason,
but it is moral treason, and ought to be "doubly
damned." I hate a moral traitor worse than I do
an open, legal resister of the laws. These men have
taken the first, the great, the important step to-
wards treason; and when they do organize com-
panies to resist the laws, they will be guilty of
the overt act; and I would hang them as high as
Haman.
It may be said, however, that this recommend-
ation was never put into execution. I think
otherwise. I have several papers, which I have
collected with some trouble. I have been watch-
ing this matter, because I thought there were
sonie who would try to make capital outof it. I
have no doubt that tens of thousands of copies
of the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts
are now flying into every part of the country.
Here was a recommendation by a public assembly
of the free-State men of Kansas, calling on the
people to oiganize themselves into volunteer com-
panies. Did they do it ? They did follow that
recommendation, and here is the record testi-
mony. Taking counsel from the resolution which
I have read, the peaceful emigrants from the Pu-
ritan States set about an organization; and what
did they do ? I have before me the constitution
and ritual of the Grand Encampment of the regi-
ments of the Kansas Legion, adopted April4,1855.
It is a very small book, but there is a great deal
in it. It discloses the nature of this organization.
It is a secret military organization, bound by the
most solemn and fearful oaths that were ever ad-
ministered to a freeman.
Constitution and Ritual of the Grand Encampment and Re-
giments of the Kansas Legion, of Kansas Territory, adopted
JlprU 4, 1855—Lawrence, Kansas Territory: G. W.
•Brown, printer, Herald office, 1855.
Constitution of Grand Encampment.
Article I.
Sec. 1. This body shall be known as the Giand Encamp-
ment of the Kansas Legion, of Kansas Territory, and shall
be composed of representatives elected from each subor-
dinate regiment existing in the Territory, as hereinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. 2. At the first meeting-nights in January and July,
one representative from each subordinate regiment, and
one additional representative for every fifty members, shall
be elected as members of this Grand body, the regiment
having power to fill vacancies in case of the inability of any
delegate to attend any meeting of the Grand Encampment:
Provided, that should any subordinate regiment be insti-
tuted between the times above specified, they may have the
power to elect their representatives at such time as will in-
sure them a delegate to the Grand Encampment.
Sec. 3. The regular sessions or the Grand Encampment
shall be held on the third Wednesday of January and July,
at such hour and place as shall be selected by the Encamp-
ment at the previous semi-annual session.
Article II.
Sec. 1. The officers of the Giand Encampment shall con-
sist of a Grand General, Grand Vice General, Grand Quar-
termaster, Grand Paymaster, Grand Aid, two Grand Senti-
nels, and Grand Chaplain, to bo-elected annually, by ballot,
at the January session, with the exception of the Sentinels
and Chaplain, who shall be appointed by the General for
each meeting.
Sec. 2. The Grand General shall preside at all meetings
of the Grand Encampment. He shall call special meetings
at the written request of five representatives, or token he may
deem it necessary to do so. He shall have a general supervision
of the organization in the Territory. He shall have power
to grant dispensations for the formation of subordinate regi
ments at such places as he may deem best for the welfare
of the cause and order, and may authorize initiations of
members in places where regiments are to be organized,
under such regulation as the Grand Encampment may
adopt. He may visit personally, or by deputy, all reg-
iments under his jurisdiction, and require a strict com-
pliance with tbe rules and usages of the organization, and
shall report to the Grand Encampment, at each session
thereof, the result of his labors, with a correct and succinct
statement of tbe order throughout the Territory.
Sec. 3. The Grand Vice General shall perform the duties
of the Grand General in his absence.
Sec. 4. The Grand Quartermaster shall keep a correct
minute of the proceedings of each meeting, and an accurate
roll of the members. He shall give information of all meet-
ings by written or printed notice to the Colonel of each
subordinate regiment. He shall collect and pay over to the
Grand Paymaster all sums du« the Grand Encampment.
He shall attend to such other business as may properly be
required of him by virtue of his office.
Sec. 5. The Grand Paymaster shall have charge of all
moneys belonging to the Grand Encampment. He shall
attend to all receipts and disbursements. He shall keep a
regular and correct account of his doings, which shall at all
times be open to the officers of the Grand Encampment,
and make a faithful and correct statement of the finances
at each session thereof.
Sec. 6. The other officers shall perform such duties aa
usually appertain to tbeir respective offices, under the gen-
eral direction of the presiding officer.
Article III.
Sec. 1. The Grand Encampment shall have power to es-
tablish such by-laws and rules for their own government as
it shall deem necessary, make general provision for tbe pun-
ishment of offenses against the laws of the order; try all
appeals from decision of subordinate regiments; and estab-
lish such constitutions for subordinate regiments under its
jurisdiction as their welfare and good government may re-
quire: Provided, The same be in accordance with the
constitution and laws of the Grand Encampment.
Sec. 2. The Grand Encampment shall have power to
levy a tax upon the subordinate regiments to pay the ordi-
nary and proper expenses of the Grand Encampment, by
requiring of each subordinate regiment that they have two
of our printed books of rituals and constitutions, to be fur-
nished at one dollar per copy, and a charter at fitly cents
per copy; and if the above tax is found insufficient to ia«et
the ordinary expenses of the Grand Encampment, they may
require of subordinates such other tax as will meet the act-
ual expenses incurred.
Sec. 3. The Grand Encampment shall have power to
establish term pass-words, to be communicated by the
Grand General to the Colonel of each regiment.
Sec. 4. The Grand Encampment shall make all nomina-
tions for territorial officers at large ; and immediately alter
such nominations shall have been made, the Grand General
shall communicate the result to every regiment in the Ter-
ritory.
Article IV.
Petitions for charters for subordinate regiments must b*
signed by at least five members of the order, addressed to
the Grand General, and have the accompanying fee of $250
inclosed, which will entitle them to the charter, book of
rituals, constitutions, &e.
Article V.
Five members shall constitute a quorum for doing buai-
Article VI.
Any proposed alteration of, or amendment to, this con-
stitution, shall be submitted to the Grand Encampment at
least one meeting before being acted upon, when, if two
thirds of the members present at said regular meeting vote
for it, it shall be adopted.
Officers of Grand Encampment•
Grand General—Rev. G. W. Hutchinson, Lawrence^K. T.
Grand Vice General—C. K. Hollidat, Topcka, K. T.
Grand Quartermaster—J. K. Goodin, Lawrence, K. T.
Grand Paymaster—Charles Leib, M. I)., Leavenworth
City, K.T.
Constitution of Subordinate Regiments.
We, whose names are annexed, do hereby pledge our-
selves to be governed by the following constitution:
Article I.
This organization shall be known as Regiment No 
of tbe Kansas Legion.
Article II.
Sec. 1. Any person can become a member of this Legion
who will pledge himself favorable to the freedom of Kansas,
and is eighteen years of age. Persons being received under
twenty-one years of age must be vouched for by three
members.
Sec. a. The name of any person proposed for member-
ship shall be vouched for by one Or more members, when
the candidate Bhall be voted for, and three negative votes
shall be equivalent to a rejection: Provided, That no per-
son shall be proposed for membership in any regiment other
than that located in any city, town, or district, in which
such person resides.
Sec . 3. Any member applying for an honorable discharge
from his regiment shall, upon vote of the members present
at the time of such application, be entitled to a certificate
signed by the Colonel and countersigned by the Quartermas-
ter, upon the payment of ten cents for such certificate; and
any such member being desirous of becoming a member of
another regiment, shall present bis certificate, being subject
to the same vote as a new applicant.
Sec. 4. Members of the order shall have the right of
debate in other regiments than their own. Their right to
vote, however, shall be confined exclusively to the regiment
with which they are connected.
Article III.
Sec. I. The officers of each subordinate regiment shall
consist of a Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Quartermaster,
Paymaster, Aid, and two Sentinels, who shall be elected
by ballot on first meeting nights of January and July
Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of the Colonel to preside, en-
force a due observance of the several constitutions, laws,
and regulations, and secure a proper respect for the Terri-
torial Grand Encampment and its officers; see that all offi-
cers and members of committees perform their respective
duties; appoint all officers and committees not otherwise
provided for; give the casting vote when a tie may occur,
except in the election of officers; have special charge of.
the constitution and laws; draw on the Paymaster for all
demands on the regiment; direct the Quartermaster to
call special meetings when necessary; and perform all other
duties pertaining to the office.
Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of the Lieutenant Colonel to
assist the Colonel in the performance of his duty; have
