1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
troversy "with Great Britain. In January cer-
tainly not later than February, but I think in
January—1852, Lord John Russell, then acting as
British Secretary of Foreign Affairs, wrote aletter
to Mr. Crampton, to be laid before the American
Government, in winch he virtually acknowledged
the American construction of the treaty, and de-
clared that the whole Mosquito Protectoi-ate,
which we are now told Great Britain intends to
maintain at all hazards, was a sheer fiction. Take
that letter of Lord John Russell, and place it by
the side of the letter of Lord Clarendon, subse-
quently written; lettho American people have the
two letters side by side—one of the British Sec-
retary of Foreign Affairs in January, 1852, and
the other of the British Secretary of Foreign
Affairs in April, 1852—and they will find them
as strongly antagonizing as the recent dispatches
of Lord Clarendon and Mr. Buchanan, on your
table.
Sir, T have detained you too long*. My object
in rising was to draw the attention of the Senate
and the country particularly to this topic, which
the President himself has made the most prom-
inent in his message. I will not detain the Senate
longer. I now offer the usual resolution for the
printing of the message:
Ordered, That the usual number of the iYi"ssugf  and doc-
uments, and fifteen thousand copies of the ine^nae and
accompanying documentbm addition to the u^ual number,
be pi mtcd tor the use of the Senate by the pnnter lor the
last Congtess.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I rise principally
to express my entire concurrence with what has
fallen from the honorable Senator from Delaware,
and my gratification at the course and views re- j
commended by the President of the United States j
in the message which wc have just heard read, on |
the subject of the Central American difficulty. I i
think the time has come to assert the honor and :
interests of the United States, and I agree fully j
with the views which have been presented by the j
honorable Senator from pelaware on that point. \
Sir, in the whole history of diplomacy—of the,
most tortuous diplomacy—theicisno chapter like ;
that which recounts the conduct of Great Britain
with respect to this identical treaty. There is
'none in which'an interpretation so palpably con-
trary to the plain meaning of the phraseology
employed was ever so pertinaciously urged by |
one nation to get rid of its engagements with :
another. I must confess, however, that this state !
of things is what I had foreseen; and, if the Senate j
will pardon me for doing so, I will read twenty j
lines of what I said on the same subject in this ;
body two years ago. In alluding to thepropo^i- j
tion which, it was then suggested, had conic from i
the British Ministry to make a new treaty, 1 said: ;
" Nor do I sco, m any view, what wo should gain by a i
new treaty. The litvt 011c i-s well enough, if earned out in I
its tiue spirit; and another would be 110 better, if exposed i
to the t-anie pioces? of eonstiueuon. or Kithei nii-eon^tiuc- '
tion. What Loid Clarendon expects ftom a newficaty,
or what either party is to demand or concede, I am at a
loss to conjecture. What wc want, and all we want, is,
that the Central American States should be let alone to
manage their own aifairs, m their own way, leaving to the
civilized governments, within whose tcrntoiies they hve,
to regulate the Mosquito Indians as they think piop?i, j
agieeably toapnncipleeverywhere recognized and adopted •
smcc the discoveiv oftfte continent. And ail tins is pre- '
eipcly what the Clayton-Bulwer treaty would eifect, if tan Jy
interprctated and fmrly executed; and .an honest compli-
ance with its stipulations presents m my opinion liie only
' scheme of adjustment' (in winch we can have an agency)
by which the aftairs of •Central America—Mosquito in-
cluded—can be satisfactorily and permanently settled.'
And I think we owe it to our honor and portion m the
world to say &o to England, m firm but temperate language;
and, having &aid so, to act accordingly, be the consequences
what they may.
4{ I am aware, Mr. President, that such language, just in
itself, may expose me to captious reuiaiks. 1 shall be ac-
cused, as I have been before, of a desire to promote war,
while X only desire to maintain the name and fame of my
country above su-picion and above repioach. 1 hove little
feeling in «. ornmon with that raoilnd patriotism which i-  too
cautious to look our nljuiies m the face, and too timid to
avert or avenge them/'—Appendix to Congressional Globe,
Tlurty-Third Cong.. Id Sess.^p. 70.
I congratulate myself and the country, Mr.
President, on the accession we have this day re-
ceived—the able and powerful accession we have
received in the person of the Senator fiom Dela-
ware—to the Monroe doctrine. I shall look
forward to his hearty and zealous cooperation,
expecting and hoping from it the beat results.
The honorable Senator says now, he has said so
before, and said very truly, that whenever the
Monroe doctrine has been urged, either one House
of Congress or the other, or both Houses, did
not stand up to it. That is true. I said so be-
fore, in answer to the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] who is not nowhere. x
stated then what the difficulty had been. The
doctrine was first proclaimed by President Mon-
roe. Oar President, not having the power of
European executives, could only lay down a 1
doctrine, but it could not derive force except from :
the action of Congress, and Congress never acted |
on the subject. I hope this controversy will give j
us the occasion of laying down the doctrine in ]
such a way as to produce effect in Europe, and ,
that we shall adhere to it, come what may. j
As the honorable Senator has observed, across j
the isthmus in dispute is the great highway of
nations by land or by water. The honorable
Senator's investigations of the subject have led
him to the same conclusion to which I have
arrived—that the spirit of aggrandizement in Eng-
land with respect to this section of the world
never displayed itself fully until wc got posses-
sion of California. Her interference in Central j
America was baffled from the time of the Spaniards
for one hundred and fifty years. She at first
obtained a feeble foothold there. The Spaniards i
claimed that the country was theirs. Great (
Britain confessed it; but she still held on, under ;
the claim of protecting Indian after Indian, in [
order to obtain possession of the country; but I
never realized the importance of it, and never j
determined oil that spirit of aggression which j
she now feels, until she saw that the great pro- j
ducts of the world were to pass across that isth- .
mus, and then she sought to get possession of it. j
It is this which stimulates her exertions now, ;
and directs the course of her policy, and will
continue to do so. !
A word now in regard to the provisions of the :
treatv. The honorable Senator from Delaware
has very correctly observed that the most deci-
sive objection to the present interpretation of
England is that she never thought of it before.
From the beginning of the treaty, and from the ;
beginning of our ''disputes with her in regard |
to it, down to this very day, i never heard, until \
the reading of the message apprised me of the j
fact, that "such a ground was taken, and it
never was taken until all other grounds had :
failed. It cannot be maintained for a moment. I
No honest man can maintain it. The stipulation ;
of the treaty was expressly that neither the Gov-!
eminent of the United States nor of Great Britain ,
should ever " occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or I
assume, or exercise any dominion over Nica-
ragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any
part of Central America." Now, I wish to know j
where is the provision there that this stipulation
should simply have an effect in futuro, and not ;
upon the then existing state of things? She was
never to have dominion there; she was never to !
exercise dominion there under any possible cir-
cumstance, and if she had dominion there then,
it was her duty to relinquish it.
I know a title is set up to a protectorate over i
the Mosquito Indians. That is an old story. My
honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittex- |
den] knows as well as I do the meaning of such J
a pretense in regard to the Indians. This pre- |
tended British philanthropy and charity for the j
Indians is to enable her to use the Indians. From j
the time when Lord Chatham made that impas-1
sioned apostrophe in the House of Peers, on the I
subject of the employment of Indians in civilized J
warfare, England has pursued the practice; and !
that is the puipose for which she wants the Mos- j
quito Indians. The true policy for her, if she j
desired to fulfill the treaty, would be to let the
Mosquito Indians alone; leave them, according j
to the recognized principle of the world, subject;
to the government of the Christian States within j
whoso dominions they live. That would be her
proper course. But does any man within the J
sound of my voice pretend or contend that Eng- j
land would not be the first to use these Indians (
to maintain her own supremacy ? Suppose we
should claim the right of going into Canada and
protecting the Canadian Indians, what would be
said? Why, sir, from Calcutta to London, the
whole world would resound with the impudence
of Brother Jonathan; and yet reverse the case,
and apply it to the poor Governments of Cen-
| tral America, and the whole principle becomes
|changed!
The honorable Senator from Delaware ex-
presses some surprise at the course of England.
I wonder that he could do so; I wonder that he
expressed any surprise, after the fact lie alluded
to. Why, sir, there is scarcely in the history of
the world a more singular fact than the one ad-
verted to; and in order to bring to the view of the
Senate at this time the course of England on a
portion of this very subject, when the disputed
country was connected with Spain, I shall occupy
the Senate for a moment in reading what I said
upon it two years ago. The incident is d very
extraordinary one. The Senator from Delawaro
stated the .same fact when this subject was agi-
tated by him then, and I made this remark upon
it:
" The Senator from Delaware, m his remarks the other
day, referred to a singular incident m relation to the treaty
of J7«3, winch has been brought to light by the recent
publication of the life of Fox, by Lord John Russell; and
a* it u lather a marked feature in this history of encioach-
ments, I beg leave again to mtioduce it, with a more par-
ticulai re&it-'iice to the documents. The sixth article of
that treaty desciihed rim country to be abandoned as the
Spanish continent—' continent Espagnol,5 and the Eng-
lish Cabinet &ecms to have had great icluotance to give up
the Mo-quito ooa->t, a* they weie evidently required to do
bv that piovir-ion. After much delay, an expedient was
f)iicue«-ted to remove the difficulty, which, if notiarein
diplomatic pioceedmsjs, is. rarely revealed &o authorita-
tively to the woild. This treaty was one of the definitive
tieaties growing out of the acknowledgment of our inde-
pendence ; and the condition of England required the im-
mediate adjustment of all the question* connected with
that great event, including peace with France, Spam, and
Holland. Mr. Fox, m a note to the King, dated July 18,
1783, undertook to loroncilc him to the measure, by show-
in? how the. fair consequences of the engagement might be
avoided.'5
He did not deny that the King was right in
his construction; he was only holding out to the
King the means by which the Spaniard might be
cheated and the treaty signed at the^samc time.
u i There has been,' said Mr. Fox, < a great deal of dis-
cussion upon ihiti matter ; but it appealing to be still in our
power to put our own mterpictation upon the words con-
tinent E-pagnol. and to determine upon piudential con-
j-idcations [not by hone-t conduction J whether the
Mo=quito shoie comes under that description or not,'
therefore, as immediate action was very desirable, the Cab-
inet recommended the signature of the treatv, leaving this
article uinrmehed, and had mstiueted Mr Fox to ask the
King's consent. To this application the King answered,
that ' it was a very untowaid circumstance, thai a defini-
tive ttcaiy cannot lie feigned without leaving clear ground
for finish dwpute; but "I do not mean by this redaction to
object to the opinion of the Cabinet, that the Spanish
treatv should not, on account of the sixth article, bo de-
layed'' Whether the King's remark was the result of pru-
dential considerations, oi of conscientious sciuples, we
have not the means of knowing. Whatever they were,
they interposed no ob.-taclo to lus acquiescence."
Now, I must express my surprise that an ex-
perienced statesman like the Senator from Dela-
ware, after reading that fact connected with the
diplomatic, history of England in relation to this
very case, should intimate any wonder at the
course she is now pursuing in regard to us.
Mr. "WELLER. Mr. President, although I
am afflicted with a sore throat, and am laboring
under a severe hoarseness, I should be doing in-
justice to my; own feelings if I were to abstain
from expressing the pleasure which I have de-
rived from listening to the message which has just
been read. Whatever difference of opinion may-
exist among us as to the manner in which the
executive patronage has been dispensed, there are
none of us, I believe, on this side of the Chamber,
who question the soundness of the principles by
which this Administration has been governed.
The view which is presented in the message
of our foreign affairs is, in my judgment, just
such as we had a right to cxpect from an Amer-
ican President, whose energies have been con-
stantly directed to the maintenance of the national
honor. There is no bravado, no blustering to
stir up the spirit of strife and to excite the angry
passions of that portion of our people who do not
properly appreciate the blessings of peace, nor
count the full cost of involving their country in a
foreign war. Its bold, fmnk, firm, and yet con-
ciliatory tone will, in my judgment, command
the respect of every portion of the American
people.
Sir, I sincerely hope that the President may
be right in expressing the opinion that all the
questions now in controversy between our Gov-
ernment and that of Great Britain can be peace-
ably and honorably adjusted; and yet it does
seem to me, that there is so wide a diifbrencc.of
opinion between us, as to the proper construction
to be given to the treaty in regard to Central
