1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill. It provides that in all cases where any im-
porter or purchaser shall show probable cause to
the Secretary of the Treasury to believe that he
has paid, oris bound to pay, duties on goods,
wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire in
unbroken and original packages, as imported
between July 7, 1838, and March 28, 1854, he
shall appoint a commission, composed of the
collector and naval officer of the district where
the fire occurred. In case there shall be no na-
val officer in the collection district, the attorney
of the United States, or the surveyor, or such
other officer as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall designate, is to take his place. The com-
mission is to ascertain the amount of duties paid
or due on articles so destroyed; and, on their
award being approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the amount of the duties is to be re-
mitted or refunded to the importer. Provisions
are made authorizing the commission to take tes-
timony and imposing the penalties of perjury on
all who shall swear falsely before the commis-
sioners. Various detailed provisions are made
to carry out these objects.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DODGE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the bill (S. 187) making appro-
priations for the payment of certain claims. A
constituent of mine, who is a blind man, is inter-
ested in this bill. As he could not be heard on
private bill day in consequence of other business
iDefore the Senate, I ask that the bill may be now
taken up, and I am satisfied that when the report
of the Committee on Claims shall have been read,
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. STUART. I shall not object to taking up
the bill if it will not occupy much time. The
hour fixed for the special order has almost arrived.
Mr. DODGE. The consideration of this bill
will not occupy five minutes.
The motifon was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill, as submitted by the Court of Claims,
proposed to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Samuel P. Todd, a purser in the Navy,
the sum of &553 for the amount of depreciation
upon Treasury notes sold by him for the purpose
of paying seamen and others employed in the
United States Delaware flotilla, in the year 1814;
also to pay to John Shaw, of Wisconsin, $1,000,
in full for his services, travel, and attendance, as
an interpreter upon the trial of certain Winne-
bago Indians, in the year 1828, before the Hon.
James Duanc Doty, at Prairie du Chien; and
to pay to Isadore I). Beau grand, §257 12, in full
for expenses incurred and money expended by
him for subsistence, quarters, and transportation
furnished to Captain Bradley's company of Ohio
volunteers from the 1st to the 5th of June inclu-
sive, 1846; prior to their being mustered into the
service of the United States for the Mexican war.
The Committee on Claims proposed to amend
the bill by allowing to Samuel J?. Todd, " interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum, from and
after the 3ist day of December, A. D., 1839."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not sure that I under-
stand this bill. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man who reported it, whether it is different from
the bill submitted by the Court of Claims itself.
I am willing to vote for the bill as the court sent
it.
Mr. DODGE. I ask for the reading of the
report made by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fesslnden".] I think that will satisfy the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the report will be
read.
Mi. STUART. Is it proposed to read the
opinions of the court in each case?
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear them.
Mr. STUART. If the opinions of the court
are to be considered, I must move to postpone
the bill until to-morrow, as the hour for the spe-
cial order has arrived. The question before us
is a simple one. The court has reported in favor
of these claims, without interest. The commit-
tee have added interest in one case. The ques-
tiuii is, whether we shall agree to allow interest
or not.
Mr. HUNTER. This, I understand, is the
first case arising under the decision of the Court
of Claims. I prefer that it should be laid over
until to-morrow.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow,
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of House bill (H. R.,
No. 8) to amend the "act in addition to the sev-
eral acts granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1855; the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Hamlin, to add to the
substitute of the Committee on Public Lands,
the following, as a new section:
Sec. —. 4UruS, be it further enacted, That in computing the
services performed under this act, and the act of Maich 3,
1855, tiavei shall be allowed in all cases where tho soldier
shall have been discharged ft om the service at a place other
than his home, at the rate of twenty miles per day Irora
such place of dischaige to the place of his home.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to offer a substitute
in lieu of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, which, as the Senate will perceive from
its reading, goes a little further.
Mr. FOOT. I will suggest to the honorable
Senatorfrom Georgia that his amendment, or sub-
stitute, is not now in order. The substitute re-
ported by the committee, is an amendment to the
House bill. The amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine is therefore an amendment to an
amendment; and we cannot pile on amendments
to it any further. After that shall have been dis-
posed of, the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia will be in order.
The PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from Ver-
mont is correct.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope my amendment will
be read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. IVERSON. When it shall have been read,
I propose to submit a few remarks to show that
the amendment of the Senator from Maine does
not go far enough, and I trust therefore the Sen-
ate will vote it down and agree to mine.
The PRESIDENT. The question is first on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine; but
the proposition of the Senator from Georgia will
be read for information# as he desires it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
(S Jind be it further enacted, That where any company,
battalion, or regiment, in an organized form, marched more
than twenty miles to the place where they were mu°tered
into the service of the United States, oi were discharged
more than twenty miles fiom the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment wa-> organized; in all such
cases, in computing tho length of ppi vice of the oll'ieers and
soldiers ot any such company, battalion, or legiment, with
a view to determine tne quantity of land any onicer or sol-
dier is entitled to under the act entitled, ' An act in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to ceitain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States,' approved 3d of March, 1855, there shall
be allowed one day tor every twenty mile? from the place
where the company, battalion, or regiment was organized,
to the place where the same was mustered into the service
of the United States; and also, one day for every twenty
miles from the place where such company, battalion, or
regiment was discharged, to the place where it was organ-
ized, and from whence u marched to enter the service."
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Georgia
has called my attention to the amendment which
he has submitted as a substitute for the one which
I have presented to the Senate. It goes, as the \
Senator says, one step further. I believe that the i
section which he proposes is a transcript of the
law of 1852. [ do not myself see any good reason
why the principle of this amendment should not
meet the favorable consideration of the Senate.
I am willing to withdraw my amendment, and
allow the Senator to present his; but if the Senate
shall not see fit to adopt it, my amendment can
be offered subsequently.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall make but a very few
remarks in explanation of my amendment. The
act of 1852 has a clause which is identical with
the proposition which I have introduced. The
fifth section of the act of 1852, granting bounty
land to officers and soldiers, is m these words:
" Jhid be it further cnacied, That where any company,
battalion, or legiment, in an organized foim, marched more
than twenty miles to the place where they were mustered
mto the service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where such com- r
pany, battalion, ot regiment was oiganucd; m all such !
cases, in computing the length of service of the officers and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, with
a view to determine the quantity of land any officer or sol-
dier is entitled to under said act, approved 98th of Septomr
ber, 1850, there shall be allowed one day for every twenty
miles from the place where the company, battalion, or
regiment was organized, to the place where the same was
mustered into the service of the United States; and also
one day for every twenty miles from the place where such
company, battalion, or regiment was discharged, to the
place where it was organized, and from whence it morehed
to enter the service."
The act of 1855, which was amendatory of the
act of 1852, has this clause:
" Jind be it further enacted, That in no case shall any such
certificate or warrant be issued for any service less than
fouitcen days, except where the person shall actually
have been engaged in battle, and unless the party claiming
such certificate or warrant shall establish his or her right
thereto by record evidence of said service."
By the clause of the act of 1852, to which I hava
just referred, the time of service was computed
from the place where any company, regiment, or
battalion was organized and marched to the scene
of action, and allowed twenty miles for a day
from the time when they left the scene of action,
or were mustered out of the service of the United
States, to the point where they were originally or-
ganized and from which they marched. The act
of 1855 excludes this service, and confines the
time of fourteen days or upwards to the actual
service of the company, battalion, or regiment,
after being mustered into the service, and from
that time until discharged from the service of the
United States.
There is a case in my State where, during the
Seminole war, a company was organized at a point
one hundred and fifty miles from the seat of
war. They were not, however, there mustered
into service, because there was no officer who
could perform that duty. They marched to the
seat of war in Florida, and were there mustered
into the service of the United States. They did
not remain in the service for the fourteen days,
but were discharged before that time. They were
mustered out of the service before the expiration
of the fourteen days, and marched back to the
point where they were organized. They were
some six or eight weeks on the march, going to
and fro; and yet they are excluded by the opera-
tion of the act of 1855, which confines the service
altogether to the intermediate period between the
actual mustering into and the actual mustering
out of the service. It seems td me that, upon
principles of equity and justice, if companies
have been organized, and consume time in march-
ing to the seat of war, that time ought to be com-
puted when the Government is aboutto give them
compensation for their services. It is time spent
in the service of the Government, as much so as
that actually spent after they are mustered into
the military service. I propose, therefore, to ex-
tend the provisions of the act of 1852, precisely
in the very language of that act, to the cases of
those who have been provided for in the act of
1855. There is a singular anomaly in the act of
1855, arising from this very provision. By sec-
tion nine of the act of 1855, it is declared:
Jind be it further enacted, That tho provisions of this
act, and all the bounty land laws heretofore passed by Con-
gress, shall be extended to Indians, m the same manner, and
to the same extent, as if the said Indians had been white
men."
So that, according to the law as it now stands,
a company of Indians who were mustered into
service, but were not fourteen days in actual ser-
vice, come within the act of 1852; whereas, under
the provisions of the act of 1855, white men are
not entitled to bounty land, because the provisions
of that act and of the other bounty land laws are
not extended to white men, but simply to Indians.
It is an extraordinary thing that Indians are now
entitled to receive bounty land, although they may
not have been in actual service fourteen days, if
they were more than that time marching from the,
placc of rendezvous to the seat of war. I pro-
pose to put white men on an equality with Indians
m this respect—to put them on the footing pro-
vided for by the act of 1852.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, this subject ia
one of a great deal of importance. On this, as on
other occasions, I desire only that every question
which is presented to the Senate should be fully
understood, and then let the pleasure of the Sen-
ate be manifested upon it whatever it may be.
The argument which has been presented by the
Senator from Georgia, although plausible on its
