1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
irm
State to do it, and you say you think you would
not do it.
Mr. DURKEE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DURKEE. Would the Senator obey a
law requiring him to commit a crime, even if
passed by the Congress of the United States?
Mr. BUTLER. That's metaphysics.
Mr. DURKEE. Youare versed in metaphys-
ics. Give us a categorical answer, if you please.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, you regard it as
a crime to obey the Constitution of the United
States, and you say your State has a right to de-
cide it. Suppose all the other States should decide
otherwise. However, I am not going to carry
on this puerile debate. I have nothing to do with
these matters, on which I perceive there are, in
some quarters, very radical notions. They are
running to an issue. I have heard it stated,
that, if all men would think independently, most
men would think right. There are now in Con-
gress—I have known them—men who came here
reeking with prejudices, which were corrected
by examination. All of us could save this Con-
federacy if we would consult our honest convic-
tions. As it is, I do not know, and 1 shall not
Bay. I make no threat. I hope everything will
go smooth; but it is said
" The course of true love never did run smooth
and the events of a Republic never did run
smooth. If I were a young man, perhaps I should
be willing to take my chance with the current; as
it is, I would rather bring about a change of sen-
timent, if 1 could produce it. But, gentlemen, I
tell you that, if the common property of this
Government, and the constitutional honors to
every part and every section are to be proscribed
to one and appropriated to the other, the result
■will be—I shall not say what. Colonel Benton
used a remark the other day, which struck me,
that all confederacies are feeble. Sir, they are
feeble, and never so feeble as when adversary
positions are assumed by one portion to another.
The ballot-box in former days was a correct-
ive and a common interest in this Confederacy.
The ballot-box at this day is worse than Pando-
ra's box, because there is no hope at the bottom
of it. The constituents of the gentleman from
Wisconsin would applaud him for his votes, and
perhaps my constituents would applaud me for
what I should do. Now, sir, instead of the bal-
lot-box having the controlling power to hold us
within the sphere prescribed by the Constitution
in regard to this measure regulating commerce or
other measures affecting the interests of the Uni-
ted States, the ballot-box is the element of mis-
chief and discord. You are left, then, to nothing;
and you have, so far as regards the appropria-
tion of money, no other government but the dis-
cretion of an interested majority, that can take
refuge under the irresponsibility of numbers.
That will be a fatal day when we cannot confine
this Government within the sphere prescribed for
it by the Constitution of the United States; when,
as in Rome, there is no veto power to preserve it;
when the President of the United States, who is
the trustee and representative, sha'l be derided,
because, when he is in a minority here, he does
not choose to prostitute himself to the current of
the day, but maintains himself with firmness,
and at a time when the tide was running over
him, when almost everything was a wreck of
misfortunes, when every temptation was held out
to him to maintain a position consistent with the
opinion which prevailed here, had the courage to
maintain the doctrine with which he was imbued,
and which he professed before he went into
power.
Sir, I say of General Pierce, the President of the
United States, whatever opinion posterity may
pronounce upon him, whatever opinion some of
his local countrymen may entertain of him, he has
at least shown this: that in the discharge of his
constitutional duties he has been a trustee for all.
Ho has struggled against the local influences of
the region in which he was born, to maintain
what he regards constitutional honesty and jus-
tice. I will respect him; and, my word for it,
when the temporary spirit which now pervades
the community shall have evaporated and passed
away, and when we shall be m a condition to lilt
ourselves above the prejudices which now pre-
vail, my deliberate judgment is, that, cursed as he
has been, deserted as he has been in some re-
spects, he will have the enviable reputation of
having said of him, what Pope say's is one of
the highest things that can be said of any one:
" An honest man is the noblest work of God !"
He has been honest.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I desire to sub-
mit a question to the Senator from Wisconsin,
which 1 hope he will answer. 1 understand him
to say that he would not return a fugitive slave,
because it would do violence to his conscience. I
ask him whether the Constitution of the United
States does not require of him the rendition of a
fugitive slave >
Mr. DURKEE. My opinion of that clause of
the Constitution is, that it was a power conferred
on the States, or rather belonged to the States—
a discretionary power. There is another clause
of the Constitution that requires that fugitives
from justice shall be returned. If my State, or
some other State, should pass a law requiring
all the people to worship at a certain altar, or be
imprisoned for non-conformity, would you return
such a fugitive escaping from such a penalty ?
Mr. CLAY. I would not, because I am not
required to do so by the Constitution of the United
States, but am rather forbidden by its spirit, as
well as by the spirit of the constitution of Ala-
bama.
Mr. DURKEE. I hold, too, that it would be
a violation of the spirit of the Constitution of the
United States in my case; and I have a right to
judge of it as well as the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator says, as I under-
stand him, that he understands the Constitution
as imposing on the States the duty of passing laws
for the rendition of fugitives. Do I also under-
stand him to say that it is discretionary whether
they shall pass laws or not >
Mr. DURKEE. It is discretionary with the
States to exercise that power, just as it is in re-
gard to the other clause in regard to fugitives
from justice. I hold that, if one State abuses its
own laws, or its own citizens, and they escape to
another State, this provision is not to be rigidly
enforced by returning a fugitive from justice,
when it is injustice to return him.
Mr. CLAY. All I have to say is, that the
construction of the Constitution which the gen-
tleman gives is certainly entitled to the distinction
of originality, and nothing more.
Mr. DURKEE. Mr. Webster gave it as his
opinion, I believe, that this power was conferred
on the States, and not on Congress. Mr. Web-
ster is good authority.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to say that this is a grant
of power to the State of Wisconsin which it
would not have had if the Constitution had not
granted it—this power to return a fugitive slave?
Mr. DURKEE. I do not. It was an original
sovereignty in all the States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then where was the neces-
sity of the Constitution granting the power, if the
States had it before?
Mr. DURKEE. The Constitution did not
grant the power.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it did not grant the
power, did it not impose the duty ?
Mr. DURKEE. Yes; but the State is to ex-
ercise that duty according to its own discretion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But it must do so.
Mr. DURKEE. That is a matter for the
State to settle, and not for me or for Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion is on the amendment to strikeout" §15,500,"
and insert " $31,353 71."
Mr. BIGGS. Before the vote is taken on this
question I desire to make an inquiry of the Senator
from New York in regard to some of the esti-
mates which I heard him read, and I also want
to understand the present bill and the amendment |
now proposed by the Committee on Commerce.
Did I understand the Senator from New York ill
reading those estimates to make the amount esti-
mated for this work $56,000?
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment as reported
is in the bill. I have not the bill before me.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 wish first to ascertain the
amount of the estimates which I heard the Sen-
i ator from New York read as coming from one of j
1 the topographical bureau. I undeistood him to
I read the estimate as coming from that bureau.
Mr. SEWARD. That was for the whole
expense of the completion of the harbor.
Mr. BIGGS. Fiftv-six thousand dollars?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. And that was for the completion
of this harbor?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. Then I understand that the esti-
mates made by the topographical bureau for the
completion of this harbor, as read by the Senator
from New York, are over $56,000. Now, I want
the Secretary to read the amendment as proposed
to the bill.
The Secretary read the amendment to strike
out " $15,500," and to insert " $31,353 71."
Mr. BIGGS. Then the bill as originally in-
troduced was for an appropriation of $15,000.
The estimates made by the topographical bureau
I understand to be $56,000. The committee re-
port an amendment of <31 000 to complete what
the topographical bureau have estimated will cost
$56,000.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment enlarging the appropriation.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Casb, Collamer, Dodge, Purkee,
Fessenden, Pish, Foster, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bright, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Malipry, Masxrn,
Pugh, Reid, Toombs, and Weller—15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment of the committee is to strike out the
word " continuing," and insert " completing."
Mr. HUNTER, I ask the Senator whether,
according to the estimate of the topographical
bureau, this amount will complete the harbor?
Mr. SEWARD. I think this amendment
should not be agreed to, because the estimate
which has been alluded to is later than the ori-
ginal one.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred m. On the question of
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read the
thud time,
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered;and being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, OolJamer, Dodge,
Purkee, Fessenden, Fn>h, Foster, Johnson, Jonesof Iowa,
Push, Sebastian, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson
—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ijiiggp, Butler, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, MaJiory, Mason, Reid, Toombs^
and Weller—13.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate ad*
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July *22, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayef
by the Chaplain, Rev. Dakiel Waldo.
CALL or THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. There being no quorum*
present, unless objection is made, the Clerk will
read the Journal.
Mr. LETCHER- I object. I move that there
be a call of the House; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. Alison, Bail, Harbour. Benson,
Bradshaw,Brenion. Groom, Burnett, John P Campbell,
Carlile, Williamson 11 W. Cobb, Coining Ciaige, Oiaw-
foid. Damre'l. Dean, Denver. Dunn, Edwards. Emne,
Flagler, Foster, Goode, Gtanger, Greenwood, Hailan,
Thomas L. Harris, Val«ntinf B. Morton, Houston, Jewett,
George W Jones.. Kellj, Kelsey, Kidwell, Kn'ipp, Knight.
Knox, Letcher, Lunjpkui, Matteson, Maxwell, MeMuilm,
Meaeham, Smith Miller, Million. Andrew Oliver, Phelps,
Powell. Quitman,Rieand.Rivers. Ruftin, Sewaul, Shorter,
Stephens, Stewait* Swope, Taylor, Thurston, T odd. Un-
derwood. Wainer. Wafkms, Whitney, and Wood—m.
NAYS—Messrs. A-lnmln. Henry Bennett, P i!lin§hurst,
Bishop. Bits*-. Chartoe. Exra Claik. Oiagin. Cullen. Cum-
back. Davidson. Timotln Davis. Dickson, Dodd.Etherdge,
Ti)oma>J. D, Fuller. G.illow.u. Guldm^. Robert B. Hail,
rUvut. King. Knmvlt n I-eiTei, 'V >x,inder K Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall. McCain. Kulrui Miller. M->,gan,
Muna\, Norton, Pa.Ker. IViton. Horry. Petht, Prmgle,
Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabtin, Sag*', Sapp. Seuit, Sht*u an, Sim-
mons, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Strana-
