1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL 3LOBE.
July 22,
han, Tappan, Thorington? Trafton, Trippe, Vail, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Wash-
bume, Watson, Williams, Woodworth, and John V.
Wright—-63.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RITCHIE said; I rise to a point of order.
I understand that the previous question was or-
dered yesterday, upon the propositions pending
in reference to the final adjournment of the two
Houses; and therefore a call of the House is out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can the gentleman inter-
rupt a call of the roll ?
The SPEAKER. If a call of the roll is out of
order,the gentlemanhas the right to call itin ques-
tion. The question being submitted to the House,
"There being no quorum present, shall the Journal
be read?" objection was made, and a call of the
House was moved. The call of the House has
no reference to the questions pending yesterday,
but solely to the question of reading the Journal;
and the Chair is of opinion that a call of the
House is in order in reference to that question, and
that the previous question does not prevent it.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that he should have
voted in the negative, had he been within the
bar when his name was called.
Mr. TALBOTT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to record his vote, as he was not
within the bar when his name was called.
Mr. GREENWOOD objected.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to make a prop-
osition to the House, to which I am sure there
will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to do so
until after the call of the House, which has just
been ordered. [Cries of " State it I" " State it! "j
Mr. BARKSDALE. The proposition which
I wish to make is this: There arc a number of
gentlemen in the House who are desirous of
speaking upon questions not immediately before
the House; and as the session is now about draw-
ing to a close, they do not wish to consume the
time of the House, which ought to be devoted to
the business immediately before it. Hence, I
p roposc that the 1 louse take arecess, or that, when
it adjourns, it adjourn to meet at seven o'clock,
with the understanding that no business whatever
shall be done, in order that an opportunity may
be given ?o gentlemen to speak to questions not
immediately before the House. I hope no objec-
tion will be made.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have prepared
a resolution winch will meet the case; and 1 ask
the unanimous consent of the House to intro-
duce it.
The SPEAKER. The Journal of the House
has not yet been read; and the Chair desires to
avoid complicating questions until it is read.
Mr. ALLISON. I shall object to all such
propositions until the day for a final adjournment
is fixed.
Mr. IIAVEN. Until the Journal is read I
shall object to everything out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire now to offer the
resolution which I before alluded to.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. FLAGLER. I ask for a vote upon the
pending question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw his objection
until the resolution is read.
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to hear-
ing it lead.
The resolution was then read; and is as follows:
Resolved, That duting the remainder of this session, the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union
may, at any time after three o'clock, p. m., take a recess;
until seven o'ciock, p. m., for the purpose of holding an
evening session : Provided, That, during bitch evening ses-
sion, no motion, except that the committee rise, shall be
entertained by the chanman—the purpose of this resolution
being to provide such evening sessions forgeneial debate
only and that there &hall be no call of the loll at such even-
ing sessions.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
.rom Pennsylvania will now withdraw his objec-
tion. J
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw it.
Mr. KNIGHT. I renew the objection.
- Mr. McMULLIN. I would have no objec-
tion to the rest if the gentleman would modify it
so as to include one or two evenings only, but
I certainly shall object to its introduction until
it is modified.
Mr. HOUSTON. Itis not to be presumed that
we will come up to the evening sessions unless we
either want to speak or to hear others speak.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation. A friend of mine has placed in my
hands a number of the New York Tribune, which
contains a personal reflection upon myself.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I object.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the resolution
of the Senate, relating to the adjournment, sine
die, of the two Houses of Congress, upon which
the House had ordered the previous question.
Mr. FULLER. I trust that no gentleman will
object when another desires to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made on the
left of the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair. If the Senate resolution and the
amendments should be laid on the table, and a
motion should be made to reconsider that vote,
would it be competent for the House at any time,
by a majority vote, to reconsider and determine
the question of adjournment some days hence,
after we shall have had an opportunity of seeing
what progress we make in the privileged cases,
and what is to become of the bills for the support
of the Government?
Mr. HOUSTON. What is this? How does
this debate come up ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] makes an inquiry which
the Chair does not perfectly understand.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask whether, if the reso-
lution and amendments were laid on the table,
and a motion to reconsider that vote were entered,
it would not be competent for any gentleman, a
few days hence, or at any other time, to call up
the motion to reconsider, and by the vote of a
bare majority fix the day for adjournment?
The SPEAKER. That is a very difficult ques-
tion for the Chair to answer. The Chair does
not like to anticipate the course of business.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I move to lay the reso-
lution and amendments on the table; intending, if
that motion prevail, to make a motion to recon-
sider, so as to call it up some days hence.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the resolution and amendments on the
table.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order to
move a substitute for the whole proposition ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order,
inasmuch as the House has ordered the main
question to be now put.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the House had not
ordered the mam question 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The House
had ordered the mam question to be now put.
The question is on agreeing to the resolution of
the Senate. Pending that question the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moves to amend by
striking out the 11th of August, and inserting the
2d of Septerflber; and pending the question on
the amendment, the gentleman from Arkansas
moved to amend, by striking out the 2d of Sep-
tember, and inserting the 18th of August. The
question is first on the amendment to the amend-
ment; and on that the House has ordered the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albught, Allison, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Biis?, BiaJ-liaw, Bienton, Biiftinton, Burnett,
Cndwalader, John P. Campbell, Caihle, C\iskie,EziaClark,
"ft ilIjain«on It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Connns, Crago), Ciai«e
Crawford, Cumback, Datrircil, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davi*, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Edwards,
Etnrie, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Flagler, Thomas J. d! 1
Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood
Robert B. Hall, Hairnon, Haven, Thomas ft. Horton, Val-
entine B. Horton. Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones J
Giancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kid wen. ICmg. Knapp}KnightJ
Knowlton, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Mat-
teson, Maxwell, McQueen, Kilhan Wilier, Smith Miller,
Moore, Morn!!, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Peck, Pelton, Perry,
Phelps, Powell, Pringle, Quitman, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rivers,
Robbing, Roberto, Ruffin, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward,
Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewait, Talbott, Tap-
pan, Taylor, Tuppe, Undenvood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman,
Waldron, Warner, Ellihu B. Washhnrne, Wntkins, Wat-
son, Welch, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Broom, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Clingman, Cullen, Dean,
Denver, Dunn, Durfee, Gateway, Harlan, Knox, Lake,
Leiter, Lindley, McCarty, McMullm, Meacham, Millson,
Morgan, Norton, Parker, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Purvi-
ance, Scott, Sherman, William R. Smith, Stiariahan,
Swope, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Traf'ton, Valk, Wal-
bridge, Wells, Whitney, Wood, and Woodwoith—44.
So the amendment to the amendment wag
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr.PURVIANCE stated that Mr. Campbell,
of Pennsylvania, had paired off for this week with
Mr. Harris, of Alabama.
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall vote against this,
and all other propositions, in order to get up the
proposition of my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Meacham,] to take a recess.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Grow, who was sick at
his lodgings.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended*
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the question now to be on the amendment
as amended. If the amendment be voted down,
the question will be on the adoption of the reso-
lution as it came from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. MATTESON asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Barksdale,
Bell, liendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop,
Brad^haw, Bienton, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Ezfa Claik, Claw son,
Williamson R. W. Cobb,Colfax, Cra^in, Cullen, Cumbaek,
Damrell, DavnUon, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Dick-son, Dowdell, Durfee, Edwards, Elliott,
Emrie, Ethondgo, Evans, Florence, Foster, Thomn- J. D.
Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Goode, Gieenwood, Robert B.
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Thomas L. Ham?,, Harrison,
Ilaven, Thomas R. Hoi ton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Jcwett, George W. Jones, J GJaney Jones, Kelly, ICeisey,
Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Lake, Letcher,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Maishall, Maxwell,
McMullm, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mooie, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Powell, Pnngle, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbms, Roberts, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sherman, Simmon^, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith. Spinner, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Stianahan, Talbott, Taj lor, Thurston,
Trafton, Tnppe, Vail, Valk, Waldiun, Warner, Warkins,
Watson, Welch, Whitney, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wnght,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—123.
NAYS — Messis. Aiken, Ball, Henry Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bhsp, Buffinton, Lewi-? D. Campbell, Chaffee, Chiig-
inan, Comms, Craige, Crawford, Dean, Dodd, Dunn,
English, Eustis, Flakier. Guldings, Granger. Harlan, Knox,
Leiter, Lindley, Lumpkin, Matteson, McCaity, Meacham,
Morgan, Mott, Murray, Pennington, Purviaiice, Rufhn,
Scott, Shorter, Sneed, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Thor-
ington, Todd, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Ellihu B. Washburne, isiael VVashbuui. Wells, Williams,
and Wood—51.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GREENWOOD said: I announced yes-
terday, when I offered my amendment, that I was
in favor of adjourning on the 11th; but this being
a compromise between the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] and the
resolution of the Senate, I am disposed to forego
my original intention, and vote ay.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that Mr. Hall, of
Iowa, had paired off with Mr. IIolloway.
Mr. McMULLIN. As.I cannot get my own
proposition, I will vote ay.
Mr.FLORENCE. Thisquestion, Mr. Speak-
er, involves, I understand, no difference of opinion
between my colleague [Mr. Grow] and myself;
and I, being in the House, desire my name to
appear on the record. Further than that, I believe
that my vote will not change the result, and there-
fore I will not be violating any good faith in
voting. I vote ay.
The question recurred on agreeing to the reso-
lution as amended, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Kopresen&atires concurring,)
