100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
special charge of the doors; and, in the absence of the Col
"s^Tn^hall be the duty of the auar.«r,na,terto keep
an accurate record of the proeeed1n?soithe rcjiment^xvRh
a roll of the members' names; notify n.^bers wUon or:
dered by the Colonel or a vote of toe regiment, and per
fnrm all other duties pertaining to tne omce.
Sec 3 It shall be the duty of the Paymaster to receive
 n of the regiment; pay all demauds when author-
ized by the Colonel ; keep an accurate account of all moneys
received and expended; exhibit to the regiment on the last
mcctin" of each quarter, a statement ot the funds, and at the
end of every six months give a correct written report of the
receiDts and disbursements of the term. ....
Sec. 6. It shall be the duty of the Aid to examine the
members at the opening of the regiment, and report. any
who arc incorrect to the Colonel; to assist at the initiation
of persons, and see that the brethren are made comfortable
during the sittings of the regiment. .. .
Sec. 7. It shall be the duty of the Inside Sentinel to
attend to the inside door, and report to the Lieutenant Col-
onel the names and regiments of the persons iapplying-
admission, and admit such as the Lieutenant Colonel may
order; but to admit no one without the passwords, unless
otherwise ordered by the Colonel after being vouched for
bv a member of the regiment. to
"Sec. 8. Jt shall be the duty of the Outside Sentinel t
attend to the outside door, and admit no person without tne i
password except candidates and those ^e may know to e
members of the order, or who are vouched tor by a mem-
ber of the regiment. I
Article IV.
At the first meeting in the months of January and July
respectively, there shall be elected by each regiment one
delegate or representative to the Gr&nd Encampment, and
one additional representative for each fifty members belong-
ing to the regiment.
Article V.
Sec. 1. All charges and offenses preferred against a
member shall be duly specified in writing, when they shall
be referred to a special committee, who shall summon such
member to appear before them to answer to the allegation
get forth; and after a fair and impartial examination there-
of, reporttlieir decision to the regiment, which shall at once
proceed to the consideration and disposal of the case.
Sec. 2. Any member who shall be proved guilty of vio-
lating any principle of the order, or offending against these
articles, or otherwise militating against the interests of the
organization, shall be subject to reprimand, suspension, or
expulsion, as two thirds of the members present at any |
regular meeting may determine. When a member shall
be expelled for revealing the secrets of the order, mil-
itating against the interests of the future freedom of Kan- i
sas. his name shall be stricken from the roll, and sent to all
the regiments of the Territory as a man destitute of the
principles of truth, honor, and integrity.
Sec. 3, The regiments located in each and every elec-
tion district shall make nominations for all candidates for
office in their respective districts; but where there shall be
two or more regiments in any one election district, of what-
ever kind, then nominations shall be made by delegates from
the respective Encampments within said district j each En-
campment being entitled to one delegate, and one additional
delegate for each and every twenty members over and above
their first twenty members. ... .
The regiments shall make nominations for the territorial
officers at large, through their delegates and the Grand En-
campment.
Article VI.
The quorum for business in a regiment shall consist of
not lets than five members.
Article VII.
Any regiment shall have power to establish such by-laws
and rules as may be deemed expedient t Provided, They ac-
cord with the Grand Territorial Encampment, subject at
ail times to their approval or rejection.
Article VIII.
All money, except herein provided, shall be raised by vote
and assessment of members belonging to the regiments.
Article IX.
Sec. 1. Each Tegiment shall meet at least twice per
month, at such hour and place as shall be selected by the
regiment at the previous session.
1 Sec. 2. As soon as each and every regiment shall number
thirty members upon its statute roll, it shall proceed forth-
with to organize an efficient regular military company.
Article X.
Any proposed alterations of, or amendment to, this con-
stitution shall be submitted in writing to the Grand Encamp-
ment at least one meeting previous to being acted upon.
Ritual of Subordinate Regiments—Opening Ceremony,—
The Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Quartermaster, Pay-
matter, ■Aid, and Sentinels, being in their respective placet,
the regiment shall be called to order, and thus addressed by the
Colonel:
Colonel.—Fellow soldiers In the free-State army—the
hour has arrived when we must resume the duties devolv-
ing upon us. Let us each, with a heart devoted to justice,
patriotism, and liberty, attend closely to all the regulations
laid down for our government and action, each laboring to
make this review pleasant and profitable to ourselves, and
a blessing to our country.
•Sid.—Are the Sentinels at their posts with closed doors?
Aid.—They are.
Colonel.—Aid, you will now review the troops in the
regiment passwords.
Aid, (after examination.)—1 have examined them per-
sonally, and find each correct.
Colonel—I pronounce this regiment arrayed and ready
for service.
Order of Business.
 Reading the minutes by the Quartermaster.
2d.—Proposals for new recruits.
3,1 —Voting for same.
4th. Initiation of recruits.
5tli.—Reports of committees.
gtl,_ Unfinished business appearing on the minutes.
7th'.—Miscellaneous business.
8th!—Adjournment.
Initiation.
(The member proposing a friend for membership shall
announce him when in readiness ; and at the proper time the
Aid shall present him to the Colonel and thus address him:)
Worthy Colonel, the candidate proposed and vouched for
is now in readiness for enlistment in our army.
Colonel—The Aid will present the candidate to the Quar-
termaster, [thus addressing him :]
Aid.—Quartermaster, I am directed by our Colonel to
present to you this person, who is desirous of enlisting in
our ranks.
Quartermaster.—Sir, you have doubtless been informed
of the genera] design of the institution to which you now
seek admission. Permit me, however, by authority, to state
to you more fully those principles, that you may more
clearly understand what you are to expect. You will ue
required, first, to take an obligation of secrecy, holding up
your right hand and repeating after me; when I pronounce
my name you pronounce yours:
Obligation.
, I  , solemnly pledge my honor as a man that i will
never reveal, or cause to be revealed, in any manner, or to
any person, the fact that I have been an applicant for admis-
sion to tills institution, or anything which has, or may here-
after be, communicated to me, or the names of the persons
present: all this I promise.
Quartermaster.—This institution is temporary and local
in its character and nature. It is designed for the Territory
of Kansas, and is to continue at least until the vote shall
have settled the question as to whether Kansas shall be a
free or a slave State. The requirements of this institution
will not interfere with rights of conscience, or the duties
you owe to yourselves, your families, your country, or your
G&d. They will conflict with no law of the land. We seek,
in a noble, honorable, and just manner, to accomplish two
things: First, to secure to Kansas the blessing and prosper-
ity of being a free State; and, second, to protect the ballot-
box from the leprous touch of unprincipled men. Such are
our principles. Do you still desire admission ?
Candidate.—I do.
Quartermaster.—You will then enroll your name in full
upon this book, after which the Aid will conduct you to the
Colonel for further instructions.
Aid.—Worthy Colonel, I am directed to present this
person to you for instructions.
Colonel Sir, it is with joy we welcome you to this place,
to these scenes, and to this sacred alliance. We trust you
will find in us that purify of purpose, and we will find in
you such nobleness and truth, that this union may result
in constantly increasing regard, confidence, and love be-
tween us. This country is yours by adoption; and, belong-
ing to you and your children, you feel a deep interest in its ;
prosperity, its honor, and its destiny. We are here, where
slavery intends making its next innovation; already we have 1
had a foretaste of its contaminating touch ; and knowing
that strength lies in union—feeling that our country and our
God demands of us in this emergency that every man shall
do his duty, we have banded ourselves together under solemn
bonds, in order that we may know our own strength, may |
act in concert throughout this whole Territory, and thus
exert an influence, possess an efficiency, and enjoy personal j
and civil protection, which as mere individuals we could
not obtain. With these explanations upon our part, we shall
ask of you that you take with us an obligation, placing
yourself in the same attitude as before:
Obligation.
■, in the most solemn manner, here, In the presence
skies.
I,-
of Heaven and these witnesses, bind myself that I will never
reveal, or cause to be revealed, neither by word, look, or
sign, by writing, printing, engraving, painting, or in any
manner whatsoever, anything pertaining to this institution,
save to persons duly qualified- to receive the same. I will
never reveal tho nature of the organization, the place of
meeting, the fact that any person is a member of the same,
or even the existence of the organization, except to persons
legally qualified to receive the same.
Should I at any time withdraw, or be suspended, or
expelled from this organization, I will keep this obligation
to the end of life. If any books, papers, or moneys, belong-
ing to this organization, be intrusted to my care or keeping,
I will faithfully and completely deliver up the same to my
successor in office or any one legally authorized to receive
them. I will never, knowingly, propose a person for mem-
bership in this order who is not in favor of making Kansas
a Free State, and'•whom I feci satisfied will exert his
entire influence to bring about this result. I will support,
maintain, and abide by any honorable movement made by
the organization to secure this great end, which will not
conflict with the laws of the country and the Constitution
of the United States. I will unflinchingly vote for and
support the candidates nominated by this organization, in
preference to any and all others.
To all of this obligation I do most solemnly promise and
affirm, binding myself under the penalty of being expelled
from this organization, and having my name published to
the several territorial encampments as a peijurer before
Heaven and a traitor to my country; of passing through life
scorned and reviled by men, frowned on by devils, forsaken
by angels, and abandoned by God.
Colonel. — Gentlemen, you have enlisted in a noble
army, battling in a glorious cause. For thirty-three years
this soil has been to us considered free. We live in Kan-
sq . We love her hills, her prairie3? her streams? and her
We wish to build her up a noble State. Believing
that slavery makes ignorant men and lgnoiant bta:e , lor
ourselves and our children we desire such enactments as
will insure to us intelligent laws, a public policy, and an
educated people. We believe that slavery spreads im-
another "class. We wish and we expect to have here a
State where the right of opinion shall not insure persecu-
tion, and where freedom of speech shall not be a crime.
In a word, if vvc make Kansas free, education, morality,
religion, internal peace, and pecuniary success will be
vastly increased among us. If treacherous or slothful to
the duties devolving upon us, we bring a deep disgrace and
mortal anguish in our very midst, which will be more tor-
menting than the scorpion's sting. .
There are si^ns by which members of this organization
may know each other. (Colonel will give them to candi-
dates.) There is also a grip. There is a certifying con-
versation and signals of distress; there are pass-\\ ortls,
which none can communicate to you save the presiding
officer, or upon his authority, and you cannot communicate
them to another save to the Aid upon your examination.
These pass-words are invariably given m a whi*per.
Instructions on entering regiments are these: At outer
door, anv alarm ; here you will give the sentinel the pass-
word. At inner door, three raps ; here you will give the
sentinel your name, number of your regiment, and explana-
tion to the term pass-word. Salute the presiding olhcer,
both in your ingress and egress, by placing right hand on
breast and gently bowing.
Closing Cermony.
Colonel.—Fellow-soldiers, I trust this review lias been
both pleasant and profitable to all. We met as tnends; let
us part as brothers; remembering that we seek no wrongto
anv; and our bond of union in battling for the right must
teiid to make us better men, better neighbors, and better
citizens. We thank vou for your kindness and attention,
and invite you all to be present at our next review, to bo
holden at , on next, at o clock,
p. m. Sentinels, vou will open the doors, that our soldiers
may retire pleasantly and in order.
The following preamble and resolution was passed at the
first session of the Grand Encampment, held at Lawrence,
February 8, 1855:
" Whereas, while we regard the freedom of Kansas Ter-
ritory as the highest of all political considerations which
may now or hereafter engage our attention as a free and
intelligent people, we at the same time regard it as impolitic
and wrong to adopt any line of policy that may m any man-
ner interfere with the domestic relations of our neighboring
States or Territories: therefore,
" Resolved, That we hold it to be just and proper in our
relations with our sister States, as a fundamental principle
of action, and most promotive of the public good of the
Territory, that laws preventing the emigration of either
slaves or free negroes be enacted by our coming General
Assembly, and eventually ingrafted in the constitution of
the State."
Charter of the Kansas Legion.
United States of America, Territory of Kansas.
Know all men by these presents, That we, the Grand En-
campment of the Kansas Legion of Kansas Territory, have
created, chartered, and empowered, and by these presents,
do create, charter, and empower, George F. Warren 
to be regiment , No. , of the Kansas Legion ; and
as such they are hereby invested with all and singular the
authority and privileges with which each and every regi-
ment is invested, working under a charter from the Grand
Encampment.
In witness whereof, we hereunto set our hands this 16th
day of August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.
G. W. HUTCHINSON, Grand General.
Attest: J. K. Goo din, Grand Quartermaster.
When did these men assemble to carry out
their purposes ? In the hour of night, when the
sun had vailed its face. Fit occasion for the con-
summation of such infamous and infernal pur-
Eoses ! They hold their midnight conclaves and
ind themselves together by oaths that slavery
shall never pollute the virgin soilof Kansas. This
is a new order, and after its disclosures, it is all
moonshine to talk of Scott's tactics. This dis-
closes a new system of military tactics—a pseudo
political-religious-military compound to establish
freedom in the Territory of Kansas. Its object
is to prevent slaves or free negroes from enter-
ing the Territory, through the action of the self-
constituted Legislature, of which the Senator
from Massachusetts spoke. No#, I wish to read
the names of the officers of this association:
" Grand General—Reverend "—My God ! 
Mr. HALE. That is a very good name.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What ?
Mr. HALE. I thought you said, " Reverend
my God."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that God has anything to do with this concern.
You misunderstood me, if you supposed that I
imagined for a single moment that he had any-
thing to do with you or your folks. [Laughter. J
I have always understood that tl^e Devil l}ad ft
