836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
face, I think it will be seen by a little investiga-
tion does not apply with the force he supposes
to the bill under consideration and to the last
bounty land act. The previous bounty land laws
were applicable to a species of service about which
there was no dispute in respect to its importance.
The bill of 1855 was a very different affair. It
applied to every species of military service; it
.was a bill so extended in its provisions as to arrest
the attention of every gentleman in Congress. It
certainly was a bill of vast magnitude. Then, as
a check, as a safeguard which should be invaria-
ble in its application, it was agreed on all hands.—
by the special committee who reported the bill,
and by the Senate—that record evidence of the
service should be required. It was conceded at
that time that no other safeguard could be devised.
In addition to that, service, and service alone,
was the essence of that bill—not constructive but
actual service; and the principle was one of a very
liberal character. If an individual had been in
battle, though but for half an hour, he was enti-
tled to one hundred and sixty acres of land; but
if he had not been in battle, fourteen days of
a.ctual service was required. This was a very
liberal provision. It was reducing the time of
service to the smallest possible amount, and there-
fore all constructive evidence, it was agreed,
should be left out of the bill.
Now, what is the effect of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Georgia? It is to at-
tack the foundation of that bill m both particu-
lars. It removes the necessity of record evidence.
The door is open, and it is permissible to prove
so many days of travel as, with the record evi-
dence of actual service, will make up the fourteen [
days required by the act. Does not every Sena- '
tor see at a glance that it entirely subverts the
foundation upon which the bounty land act of
1855 was based ? Although a man cannot prove
by the record that he served over two days, he
may, under this provision, apply to anybody
and to anybody's recollection to show a sufficient
amount of travel to bring him up to fourteen clays.
If this were a limitation, confined as in the law
to which the gentleman has referred, to service in
Mexico, or some such recent service, where the
proof is in existence, and where the danger of
opening the door to this character of evidence
would be so much lessened, the objection would
have much less force; but it proposes to apply to
the act of 1855, which covers every military ser-
vice that has existed under this Government.
Gentlemen should recollect that this act provides
for services in the Revolution. Every species of
service is provided for in it. This amendment
would open the door for parol proof that the in-
dividual traveled, either going to the place of j
service or returning from it, a sufficient length of '
time, computing twenty miles per day, to make
up his fourteen days, and give him one hundred
and sixty acres of land. I venture to say that,
when carefully considered by Senators, it will be
seen that it presents at once the very question pre-
sented by the bill of the House—a practical repeal
of the third section requiring record evidence.
I said it attacked both features of this act. It
certainly does. The act of 1855 fixed the time
of service at fourteen days, and it was said in the
debate, it was said in the report of the select
committee, it was said by the chairman of the
committee himself, [Mr. Buodhead,] that there
could be no plausible ground for giving an indi-
vidual one hundred and sixty acres of land who
had not been in actual service fourteen days. I
know it is said that this does not operate in all
cases equally; that there are cases where an indi-
vidual was enlisted into the service and was dis-
charged at one place, and had to travel home,
while another had not to travel. But, sir, the
service is the point. If it be shown that a man
was enlisted into the' service at one place and dis-
charged at another, the intervening time is the
extent of his service. If he went to a point to
be enlisted, or was discharged at a point far from
his residence, it does not at all alter the question
of service. It does not follow that an individual
who was discharged at any point, and traveled
from there to his home, was thereby injured.
Senators will readily conceive that it might be a
very great advantage to an individual to have a
ready and prompt discharge, and take his own
means of getting home. He might thus get home
in a quarter of tho time which would bo other-
wise consumed. There might be a great saving
to his business on that account. At all events,
he might thus much earlier reach his home, his
family, and his friends, and might desire it. I
do not use this as an argument, but I advert to it
to show that these facts may very well exist, and
that the individual at the time might have been
better satisfied at being^ discharged at that point,
than he would have been if marched home in
military file, taking a longer time and then be
discharged from the service.
The great difficulty, however, is, that the
amendment strikes at the very foundation of the
act of 1855. The principle of that was, to require
fourteen days' actual service,andrecordevidence
of that service. Now, it is for the Senate to say
whether this amendment shall be adopted. I
venture to say, that if the Senate disagrees with
the action of the committee, and opens the bill to
the various amendments which are to be offered,
enlarging the provisions of the act of 1855, no
man can tell the extent which the bill will then
cover. It is stated now, that the act of 1855 will
take some forty millions of acres of land, as it was
originally, and that the amendments proposed by
the committee, which are simply to carry out the
provisions of the original bill, will enlarge the
amountmnch further—one half atleast—and will,
perhaps, double the quantity of land that will be
taken.
There is no great importance on this question,
perhaps, to the Government of the United States,
but it is important to the land States, I think—
and, I believe, it is the opinion of the Senators
who represent that State—that the State of Iowa,
by the effect of the act of last year, has been re-
tarded in its settlement at leastfifteen years. No
man can compute the injury resulting from flood-
ing the market with bounty land warrants, thus
stimulating speculation, and covering over the
land States with the titles of n on-resident, land
holders. In that respect it is important. If the
United States choose to give away their lands, I
do not object. I only mention this fact to show
the great interest which the land States—mine !
among the rest—have, that they should not labor
under the incubus fixed on them by the specula-
tion of 1835-'3G, and placed back from fifteen
years to a quarter of a century in their settlement
and cultivation. It is a very serious injury to
those States.
Now, sir, inasmuch as I do not desire to con-
sume time—oil the contrary, wish to facilitate the
consideration of this bill as much as possible—I
cannot detain the Senate longer, having, as I
think, made myself clearly understood. I think
this amendment presents the question whether
the Senate is prepared to adhere to the principles
of the bill of 1805, every one of which is carried
out to its fullest extent by the amendments of the
Committee on Public Lands, or whether the
Senate is disposed to open the door and to let in
without limit any amount of service. The mo-
ment you resort to parol evidence, and extend it
back to the period in our history to which the bill
reaches, you can prove, in some form or other,
travel enough to make the fourteen days in almost
every case. I do not know that I should hesitate
in choosing between the House bill, which re-
peals unqualifiedly the third section, or this
amendment. I think the difference between them
will not be much, practically.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I voted origin-
ally against the bounty land bill, on the ground
that the provision which it is now proposed to
amend and extend was—I will not say too liberal
—but was unjust to another class of meritorious
citizens. By the bill which is proposed to be ex-
tended, a man who served for fourteen days re-
ceives as bounty—orrather as a compensation—for
this Government has no right to make gratuities to
citizens—for his sacrifices and services a warrant
for one hundied and sixty acres of land. The
man who served twelve months receives no more;
the man who served five years receives no more.
In consequence of this palpable injustice of givin0-
or paying to the man who served fourteen days
the same compensation as to the man who fought
the battles of his country and served for five
years, I voted against the bill. Such palpable
injustice to one portion of our countrymen could
not be done with my consent.
It is now proposed to extend that provision.
I shall vote against tho propositition; not doubt-
ing, however, that those who were in service one
day, are as much entitled to bounty land as those
who served fourteen days, when none of them
were in battle. They marched up to their county
seat, perhaps, and were mustered there for four-
teen days; were then dispersed to go home and
attend to their business, rejoicing no doubt to be
permitted to do so, when the interests of the
country did not require them to go further. They
are allowed one hundred and sixty acres of land.
It is now proposed to extend that because it does
not go far enough ! If you extend it beyond that
point I should like to know where you are to
stop? For myself, I believe that the man who
served one day is as much entitled to bounty land
as one who served fourteen days. All of them
at the time received the pay which the Govern-
ment agreed to give them. The man who re-
mained at home and worked on the roads during
their absence, is entitled equally with them, or
nearly so. When you extend it to all who served
one day, it will become as imperious to give one
hundred and sixty acres to those who remained
at home and worked the roads for them to travel
over; and there will be no end to it.
The suggestion of the Senator from Michigan,
that it is unjust to the new States, is not only
well considered, but well expressed and true.
The millions on millions of acres of lands entered
by land warrants fall into the hands of specula-
tors—men who have no idea of cultivating them.
They locate them in the new States. Citizens go
there to develop the resources of the country
and make it valuable,and the speculators get the
benefit of it. The soldiers do not get the benefit;
the speculators hold up the lands, and those who
go there must pay a high speculative price for
them. It keeps the States embarrassed for years
and years. The settlers pay the speculators'
price for the land, and the tendency of it is to
retard the settlement of the country. For this
reason I am unwilling to see the provisions of
the act extended. Some amendments, I think,
ought to be made to this bill; and, when the
pending one shall be disposed of, I shall propose
them; but I shall vote against this amendment.
Mr. STUART. One o'clock having arrived,
I move to postpone this bill -until to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. And that it be made the special
ordei for that time.
Mr. STUART. I include that in my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of bill
(S. 172) to authorize the people of the Territory
of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the
Union when they have the requisite population.
Mr. GEYER resumed and concluded the speech
which he commenced yesterday, in regard to the
slavery question and the proceedings which have
taken place in Kansas since its organization as a
Territory. [The speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
( Tuesday, April 8, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the resolutions reported
yesterday by the Committee of Elections to be
the business first in order.
EXPENSES OF THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution. The ob-
ject I have in view is to reduce the expenditures
of the Judiciary department. I hope there will
be no objection.
Tnere was no objection; and the resolution was
received, considered, and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo requested
to communicate to this Hou.^e such information as may be
m his. possession, respecting the practice of piolongmg the
hossions of the United States eourts in any of tiie judicial
districts beyond what is doomed loquisito for the proper dis-
charge of the business before saul courts.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Committee
