110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
America; that this cannot be accomplished unless
either the one party or the other abandons the
position which has been assumed. The tone and
temper of the message, however, as well as the
past history of our Chief Magistrate, give me
the most satisfactory assurances that, whilst he
desires to preserve peace with all nations, and
particularly with Great Britain, to whom we are
bound by ties of interest, of language, and of
kindred, he will yet not fail to vindicate our
rights and maintain the national honor untar-
nished, at all hazards. We cannot, sir, abandon the
position which we have assumed in regard to
Central America. We cannot suffer that portion
of this continent to be controlled by any Euro-
pean Power. While we have studiously avoided
intermeddling with those questions which have
unfortunately convulsed the Old World, we will
not suffer any European State to direct the des-
tinies of the New. And here let me say, that if
the time shall ever come when we ar  unfortu-
nately involved in a war with England, she will
learn that the reliaflce which she now places on
our dissensions and divisions is deceptive and illu-
sive. She counted largely on our divisions in the
war of 1812. Let her not be mistaken again.
Quarrel and wrangle as we may upon the domes-
tic questions of the day, whenever the national
honor is at stake, whenever there is a foreign foe
in the field, we present an undivided front.
Now, sir, in regard to domestic questions, those
which affect the internal pcace and tranquillity of
the country, the President has spoken with the
manliness and independence of an American
statesman. 1 am§ladhe has thus spoken; for
no one can shut his eyes to the fact, that there are
now sectional questions growing out of a differ-
ence of local institutions and local laws, in the
respective States, which threaten the perpetuity
of the Union. The true history of that sectional
contest, the inevitable effect of refusing to our
southern friends full security for their property,
and a just and equal participation in the Dlessings
of our Federal Constitution, are forcibly and elo-
quently portrayed. They will challei^ge the ad-
miration of every friend of constitutional liberty.
In my judgment the question of slavery is there
placed upon its true basis; and if" the political
party with whom I am associated cannot main-
tain their ascendency upon those principles, 1
should not regret their expulsion from power. I
desire, then, to see tiie American Democracy
plant themselves on that constitutional platform,
and, come weal, or come woo, steadily and firmly
maintain it If we cannot put down the spirit
of wild fanaticism that now pervades a section
of this country; if geographical lines are to be
drawn; if sectional parties are to bo organized;
and if wo have, not tne power to strike down the
arm of the traitor that is now raised to apply the
torch to the temple of liberty, wo shall at least
have the proud consolation of knowing that we
have fallen in an effort to maintain the Constitu-
tion of our fathers unimpaired—in an effort to
give to every section of the Union the full and
undisturbed enjoyment of its constitutional rights.
The President's message, 1 doubt not, will be
denounced by misguided philanthropists, by wild
fanatics, by infuriated politicians, who live on the
popular excitement of the day, and who trifle and
tamper with the blessings of liberty; but it will
meetwitha cordial response in the heart of every
true American. It will be read throughout the
length and breadth of this land, and I trust that
its sound doctrines will sink deep into the hearts
of our people. I hope it will have a salutary
influence in dispelling the clouds that are notf
gathering over us, and in breaking down the bar-
riers which fanaticism is attempting to erect be-
tween the Worth and the South. 1 hope it will
encourage that spirit of fraternal feeling which
ought to exist amongst members of the same fam-
ily, and that we may ftll regard the injunction of
the Father of his Country, to avoid the organiza-
tion of geographical parties, as binding as though
we had assumed it in the form of an oath admin-
istered before the Supreme Ruler of the world.
I have said before, and I repeat it, that I am ready
to unite with all true Americans, no matter what
their political antecedents may have been, m an
effort to put down forever the infernal factions
which are now seeking to draw geographical
lines, and organize sectional parties.
Mr. President, I do not desire to trespass on
the attention of the Senate at this time. There
are some points that were made by the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware, m regard to
which, at some other time, I shall ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to be heard at length. 1 refer
especially to those questions which affect that
portion of the Union from whence I come, and
particularly to that point to which the Senator
alluded when he said that he believed the object
of Great Britain was to separate our people on
the Pacific from our brethren on the Atlantic.
Whether the "Monroe doctrine " be carried out
in your legislation or not, I undertake to say,
that.the American people will never suffer Great
Britain to control the destinies of Central America.
Our destiny is to cover this continent, and although
the intrigues of foreign Governments and the ac-
tion of our own may impede, they cannot prevent
its ultimate accomplishment. My constituents
have no disposition to separate from the Union.
We will stand by you as long as this Government
is administered upon just and constitutional prin-
ciples. But if the time should come when do-
mestic questions render it impossible for you on
this side of the continent to live peaceably and
quietly together, wo of the Pacific will endeavor
to form a Republic of our own which shall se-
cure to us and our descendants the blessings -of
liberty.
But, sir, I will not trespass further on the at-
tention of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the President
of the United States has called the attention of
the Senate and of Congress to an interesting ques-
tion in our foreign relations. I agree with the
Senator who last addressed the Senate, [Mr.
Weixf.r,] that this is an occasion upon which
the voice of difference ought not to be heard, un-
less for very grave reasons, cither in the Senate,
or in the other House of Congress, or in the coun-
try. I shall therefore show my appreciation of
the importance of this question, and of the im-
portance of having a harmonious and a united
action of the American people in support of their
rights, by a waiving of all notice of any other
topics discussed in the message, and saying what
seems to be necessary in order to enable the Sen-
ate of the United States to know how far one so
humble as myself, who was here at the time when
the Clayton and Bulwer treaty was made, and
was concerned in it, is prepared to stand by the
Government of the United States in the position
which it now takes.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] the honorable Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] and others, will, I think, recollect
that, when that treaty was under discussion in
the Senate, there was a criticism made upon the
language of the treaty, in regard to occupation,
colonization, and'dominion. The suggestion was
barely made, that there might be an equivoke in
that treaty; and the moment that it was made I
remember the article was read, and every honor-
able member of the Senate agreed that it was im-
possible that a doubt could ever be raised on that
question.
Sir, I am prepared to stand by the Clayton-
Buhver treaty, and insist upon its enforcement,
if that will do. I give the honorable Senators
constituting the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the President notice that I am ready to go
further, if need be, but not any further, unless
need be; that is to say, if we cannot stand and
hold the British Government to this treaty, I am
ready (hen for the assertion and the maintenance
ofthoMonroedoctrine. Those two distinguished
and venerable Senators [Messrs. Cass and Clay-
ton] will allow me to say to them—and I say it
with great, deference and great respect—that I
think they have both done injustice to the Congress
of the United States in regard to the position of
Congress on the Monroe doctrine. It is true that
each House of Congress has declined to assert it;
but the honorable Senators must do each House
of Congress the justice to acknowledge, that the
reason why each House did decline to assert that
doctrine was, that it was proposed, as many mem-
bers thought, as an abstraction, unnecessary—
not called for at the time. For instance, though
I have always been in favor of asserting and
maintaining the Monroe doctrine,'! believe that,
when the question was last up, I rather cooperated
with those who said that the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty secured all that we required at that time,
that the British Government were held by it, and
that they would maintain it. I do not doubt, for
one, that the country demands and requires peace.
I believe that either of these two great nations
that shall light the flame of war will call down
upon itself the execrations of mankind. I am,
therefore, for maintaining peace, but at the same
time we must maintain the national rights, the
continental rights of our position. I believe the
Congress of the United States will be ready to
take either form which, on due consideration,
shall be found to be the one most practicable and
most wise.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I extend my con-
gratulations on still another accession to the true
doctrine. The honorable Senator from New
York has said that the sanction of Congress was
not given to the assertion of the Monroe doc-
trine in consequence of the opinion entertained
by many that it was an abstract proposition.
Well, sir, it was no more abstract in Congress
than in the President. The difficulty is, that in
the foreign affairs of our Government the Exec-
utive has very modified powers compared with a
European 'Executive. The head of a European
nation can lay down great principles of action
which will be adhered to, but our President can-
not. Whenever, therefore, our President lays
down great principles of action, it obviously be-
comes necessary to fortify them by the concur-
rence of the body most strictly representing the
power of the nation. That is the point, but I am
not going to argue it of course.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon
agreeing to the following order oroposed by the
Senator from Delaware:
Ordered, That the usual number of the message anil doc-
uments be printed, and that fifteen thousand copies of the
message and accompanying documents, in addition to the
usual number, be printed for tbe use of the Senate by tlio
printer of the Senate for the last Congress.
Mr. ADAMS. Allow me to suggest that the
demand for the President's message is much
larger throughout the country than for the ac-
companying documents; and, if it be in order, I
should be pleased to have a division of the ques-
tion, so as to adopt the resolution so far as the
message itself is concerned, and to refer that por-
tion of it relating to the accompanying documents
to the Committee on Printing. Of some of these
documents, perhaps the necessities of the country
will require a larger, and of some a smaller, num-
ber. For this reason I should prefer to have the
vote taken, first on printing the proposed number
of the President's message—a number that is
certainly not too large as'to the message, but it
may be too large as to the accompanying doc-
uments.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Any amendment of that
sort can hereafter be made. We had better pass
the resolution as it is, and the question of printing
any additional number can hereafter go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the suggestion of the
Senator from Mississippi will be acquiesced in.
We cannot have the message with these accom-
panying documents printed for months. Some
of them are wholly unnecessary to be printed
extensively. I think we had better refer the mat-
ter to the committee to see how many of these
documents should be printed. In regard to the
message itself, I am willing to print any num-
ber required. I am willing to go to the extent
of fifty thousand copies if Senators wish it, heart-
ily concurring, as I do, in the message, both as
to foreign and domestic policy. I think, how-
ever, that fifteen thousand would bo a very un-
necessary number of many of the documents,
and to order the printing of so mrpiy will delay
us in the use of the copies of the message. I
hope the Senator from Delaware will modify his
resolutions, by striking out" all in regard to the
accompanying documents, and then let us refer
the question of their printing to the committee.
Mr. JONES, «f Iowa. "VP'ith the understand-
ing that they shall be printed hereafter.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of course.
Mr. CLAYTON. I accept the modification;
but I am anxious to have these documents printed,
and I wish to state what they are. They contain,
1 among other things, the correspondence between
Mr. Buchanan and Lord Clarendon in reference
to this question, which threatens to disturb the
peace of the two countries. I have not read that
