1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
on Commerce the bill of the House to liquidate
the unadjusted contracts of the Tennessee river
improvement; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
PRE-EMPTION ENTRIES CONFIRMED.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to confirm certain preemption
entries in the Mineral Point district, Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the regular order of
• business.
Mr. COX moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stanton in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the amendments of the Senate to
"the deficiency bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the committee for one hour in
reply to his colleague, [Mr. Smith,] yielding in
the course of his remarks for questions and ex-
planations. His speech is withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. HUCrHSTON obtained the floor, but
yielded it for a moment to
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, who said: I stated,
in reply to my colleague, that I had voted for
what was called the river and harbor bill at the
last Congress, and that I should vote for the same
kind of bill again. My colleague alluded to the
fact, that the President vetoed that bill. I wish
to state in this connection that his veto of that
bill does not lessen my respect for the President,
nor does it prevent my preference for him for re-
nommation, because I regard all these questions
as of minor importance.
Mr. HUGHSTONthen resumed the floor, and
spoke upon the subject of slavery. He was fol-
lowed by Mr. WALDRON, who addressed the
committee for an hour upon the Kansas question.
Their speeches will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. BOYCEthen delivered his views upon the
subject of our relations with Great Britainv In
regard to the enlistment question he contended
that the Government of Great Britain had vio-
lated our neutiality laws, and that the United
States should insist upon reparation being made
therefor. It struck him that a future Administra-
tion coming into power would make that repara-
tion which was due from England, the present
Cabinet of that country not being able to do so
without condemning themselves. He sustained
the construction put by our Government upon the
Central American treaty, and considered that of
Great Britain as entirely unfounded. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHORTER then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee; who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stanton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
(at a quarter before four o'clock,) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN.SENATE.
Wednesday, April 9, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 27th ultimo, requesting addi-
tional documents relating to the condition of
affairs in Kansas Territory; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
of the appropriations for the service of the De-
?artmentof the Interior for the fiscal year ending
une 30, 1857; which, on motion by Mr. Sew-
ard, was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union as a free State; which was laid
on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, for a
modification of the bounty land act of March 3,
1855; which was laid on the table.
Also, some papers which have been obtained
from the House of Representatives m support of
the petition of Timothy Cowan, praying to be
allowed a pension on account of a disability in-
curred while in the service of the United States,
during the last war with Great Britain; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions, who
have his petition in charge.
Also, a petition of inspectors of the revenue at
the port of New York, praying for an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of William Mont Storm,
praying for an examination of his nautilus sys-
tem of coast defense, and for an appropriation for
the purpose of enabling him further to test its
value; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of citizens of
Detroit, Michigan, praying for the construction
of a harbor of refuge and commerce at Michigan
City, in Indiana; which,as a billon that subject
had been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, was laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of the heirs of James Bell,
deceased, which, as the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims; was prepared to report on that
subject, were laid on the table.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of the citi-
zens of Michigan, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific; which was referred to the select committee
on that subject.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of James
R. Carman, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am authorized by the
Committee on Pensions, to move to recommit
to them the petition and papers of John Wood-
worth, on which an adverse report has been made.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That leave bo granted to withdraw the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Louisiana, on the flies of the Sen-
ate, ielating to obstiuctions in the Bayou La Fourohe.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Plulemon Bacon; the petition of citizens of De
Kalb county, Alabama, in behalf of Sarah Benge;
the petition of Dorcas Carey; and the petition
of Catharine Jacobs, submitted adverse reports
thereon; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petition of citizens of
Hawkins county, Tennessee, on behalf of James
Francisco; the petition of John Buekhalter; the
petition of Alison Logan; the petition of Ebenezer
Hitchcock; the petition of Mary Bennett; the
memorial of Michael R. Clark; the petition of
William Patterson; the petition of Charles A.
Seefeld; and papers relating to the claim of Lu-
cinda Peters, submitted adverse reports thereon;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill supplemental
to "An act to limit the liability of ship-owners,
and for other purposes, ''approved March 3,1851,
reported it back without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Dan-
iel Doland, praying for a pension, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief. The
bill was read a first time, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed..
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lemuel Worster,
praying for a pension, reported a bill for his relief;
whicli was read a first time, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. The report accompanying the bill
was ordered to -be printed.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom were referred the-peti-
tion and papers of the legal representatives of
James Bell, deceased, praying for payment of
advances made by him to the American Army
during the revolutionary war, reported a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of James
Bell, deceased; which was read a first time, and
passed to a second reading. He submitted a re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lind-
say, of Lee's Legion of the Revolution, asking
five years' full pay of a captain of dragoons, with
interest, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
V. Lomax, heir of Captain William Lindsay,of
the Revolution.
The bill was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading; and the accompanying report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Portland on the subject, reported a bill
(S. No. 237) to amend the act passed December
31,1791, entitled "An act concerning the register-
ing and recording of ships or vessels;" which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL, by unanimous consent,
previous notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to surrender to
the State of Illinois the Cumberland road in said
State; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the
improvement of Taunton river, in the State of
Massachusetts; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for
issuing patents in certain cases where grants of
the public lands have been made by Congress;
which was read twice by its title, an referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to alter the place of holding the courts of the Uni-
ted States in the district of Delaware; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill for the relief of Christian Hax, of the
State of Maryland;
A bill to repeal part of an act entitled "An act
to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts, records,
and seal of the United States, and for other pur-
poses;" and _ .
A bill to change the times of holding the Uni-
ted States courts in the southern district of Illi-
nois.
BRIG ECHO.
The bill of the House of Representatives (No.
259) to authorize the issue of a register to the
brig Echo of Boston, was read the first ajid sec-
ond time.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a bill which comes
within the rule which has always been adopted
here; and, as I understand that the vessel is now-
loaded at the port of Boston,and is waiting only
for her register to sail to a foreign port, 1 ask
that it may be put on its passage at the present
time. _ .
There being no objection, the bill was=coiasiu-
