mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2S2.
abstract—a perfect copy of every election return
in the State, still he is limited to commissioning
councilman ami members of the Territorial Legis-
lature. I submit, how is the county judge to
perform his important duty of deciding upon a
tie vote, and ordering a new election, if this
.House decide, as the majority of the committee
desire, that it was no breach of the true intent
and meaning of those laws* forthe judges of elec-
tion to remove the poll-books from where the law
required them to Replaced; to wit, with the county
tilerk, where they were to be kepi for the county
Judges to canvass from, and not to deposit them
with the territorial .canvassers, as they did.
• There -are several other sections of law bearing
on the case which I will read. The second sec-
tion is as follows:
"Sec. 9. An election far Delegate to Congress and county
officers, viz: consisting of one probate judge, one register,
one sheriff, one treasurer, and one surveyor for each county;
also one territorial treasurer, auditor and librarian; also
one district attorney for each judicial district m the Terri-
tory,, and two justices of the peace pad two constables for
each precinct, shall take place on the first Tuesday of
November, 1855, and on the same day in every second year
thereafter.1'
Here is adescription of the officers to be elected.
This act, and none other, clothes the county or
probate judges with the power to decide whether
there is a tie, and to order a new election; but
the power and means to do so may be taken
away, say the majority of the Committee of
Elections, by the mere caprice of him who holds
the election. And yet they say that this is no
violation of the true intent and meaning of the
law. I have no feelings of a personal character
to gratify on this oqcasion—no desire to be con-
sidered as objecting to the majority of the com-
mittee in a personal point of view; but 1 must
Say, that while they entertain such peculiar
notions of law as are exhibited m their report, I
would not be willing for them to sit in judgment
upon my rights. The law says I have a right
to contest the seat, and directs the way m winch
it shall be done. I go to search the records, and I
am told that the judges of the election have placed
it out of my power; that the judges, instead of
keeping one poll-book, and depositing the other
with the clerk, have sent both to the territorial
Canvassers. This conduct on the part of the
judges of election is in direct violation of law,
and should be rebuked by this House.
Again, section twenty-one says:
" If an elector of the county or district shall deaire to
contest tile validity of an election, mien elector shall give
nonce of his intention in writing to the person whoae elec-
tion he intends to content, or leave a notice at Ins usual
place of residence within twenty days after the day of the
election."
Section twenty-two says:
"The judge of probate, and one person chosen by the
Conte#tor, and one selected by the contcstee, shall hear
testimony, take depositions, and deteiiume hueli contested
Beat, as they may deem legal and just ; and should either
party tail to appear, the piobate judge and one person
selected may decide; or if both parties fail, the probate jud e
alone may decide. Said board shall have power to send
for and examine witnesses under oath."
And yet, strange to tell, notwithstanding the
act which the honorable committee were con-
struing declares that the judge of probate shall
send for witnesses and decide upon the contest,
they report to this House that the only thing he
had to do was to canvass; and that " canvass"
meant " count," and nothing more. Well, sir,
looked into Webster's Dictionary for a defini-
tion of the word "canvass," and I find every
other definition but "count." That is not there.
The definition is " to examine," " to scrutinize,"
as to canvass the votes for a Senator. Of course
the word "count" is included in the definition
here given of the word "canvass."
All these healthy, important,and salutary pro-
visions of law, thrown around the elective fran-
chise, are held, by the majority of this honorable
committee, to be directory merely; and the officers
conducting the election may violate the plainest
provisions of the law, and yet be held justified
by that committee.
Sections twenty-three and twenty-four pro-
.Jii?a"1.Totice ^aU express the points on which the same
i n ' tlle l>lace where, and the time when, the
Shm wl"cl' ume sllali 1101 exceed
tinny days fiom the day of ek-ctioi.
te-!i v'tel met shall hear and certify all
Pri'ft' Lfto .!"e sai(i contested election: to the
M^0Ui'' '°r 8i,e'lter of « « House of Kepre-
seatiwves, as the case may retjniM, a*d .end nil papers
connected with the case;. In case of coutoty officers, the
dccisioo of the board shall be final, and the certificate issued
by the judge of probate."
That is'all, Mr. Speaker, that I desire to sub-
mit upon that branch of the case.
There is another legal proposition presented,
to which I cannot give my sanction; which is,
that all presumptions and intendments of law are
in favor of the right of suffrage. If the honorable
committee had noticed strictly the very act they
were commenting on, they would have seen that,
at least so far as that act is concerned, that posi-
tion is not true in point of law. I am of opinion
that it is not good law, and that it does not pre-
vail in any well-regulated country. Iam sure it
does not prevail in my State, ana by act of the
Legislature of the State of Ohio it does not pre-
vail there. I will read from Curwen's Laws of
Ohio, page 629:
" Sec. 14. If the person challenged as aforesaid shall re-
fuse to answer fully any question which shall be put to
him, as aforesaid, the judge shall reject his vote.
" Sec. 15. If the challenge be not withdrawn after the
person offering the vote shall have answered the question
put to him as aforesaid, one of the judges of the election
shall tender to him the following oath: ' You do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that you are a citizen of the United States
of the age nf twenty-one years; that you have been an in-
habitant of this State for one year next preceding this elec-
tion ; that you are now an actual resident of tins town-
ship, or ward, and that you have not voted at this election.'
" Sec. 16. 1 f any person shall refuse to take the oath, or
affirmation, so tendered, his vote shall be rejected : Pro-
vided, That, after such oath shall have'been taken, the
judges may, notwithstanding, refuse to permit such person
to vote, if they shall be satisfied, from record evidence or
oibci legal evidence adduced before them, that he is not a
legal voter; and they are hereby authorized to administer
the necessary oaths, or affirmations, to all witnesses brought
before them, to tesUfy to the qualifications of a person offer-
ing his vote."
Now, sir, from the law of this State, which is
in substance the law of my own State, how can
it be assumed, for a single moment, that all legal
intendments and presumptions of law are in favor
of the right of suffrage ? The very moment a
man offers to vote, it is the privilege, according to
this statute, and of all other statutes on the sub-
ject with which I am acquainted, of an elector
standing by, or of the judge, to challenge that
vote. What follows? The voter is then put
upon his oath, and he is made to testify in his
own case—I believe in England all men have now
the right to testify under oath in their own cases—
he is made a witness in his own suit; is sworn as
other witnesses! are sworn; is examined as other
witnesses are examined; his testimony is received
or rejected as the testimony of other witnesses is
admitted or rejected; and if he is guilty of per-
jury he is indicted, tried, convicted,and punished
as other felons are.
Well, sir, all these things he is required by
law to do. All this testimony he is required to
give, under the pains and penalties of perjury,
before any evidence is to be given to negative the
legal presumption contended for upon the other
side. There is nothing m the argument. The
right of suffrage is not so loose as that. The reins
are not quite that loose yet, notwithstanding the
peculiar notions now prevailing, of squatter sov-
ereignty.
The next principal question of a legal char-
acter, arising in the case, is this: it is admitted
that there are nineteen voters who resided on the
half-breed reservation, whose votes were all re-
jected, as were all the votes both for Chapman and
tor the contestant, in the cases where the judges
of election, instead of sending copies, as the
second act required them to do, or sending ab-
stracts, as the %st act required them to do, sent
the poll-books away from the districts, up to the
territorial board of canvassers.
1 he committee assume that these nineteen
votes although it is conceded they were resi-
dents on the halt-breed lands—are entitled to be
counted; and they place their right to countthem
on two grounds, oneof them affirmative, and the
other rather of a negative character. They say
these men were trespassers on the lands reserved
to the half-breeds. Does the mere fact of their
being trespassers exclude the right of suffrage?
But mainly they put it on the ground that, because
the half-breeds may, with the sanction of the
Executive of the United States, sell and dispose
of as much as six hundred and forty acres of their
~J11' a white man. While the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. atson] was remarking on that ques-
tion yesterday, X rose in my seat, and asked him
if he knew of a case of a sale of that character
by the sanction of the Executive, and he promptly-
responded, " No!" Well, I confess that I was
a little startled—and that was the reason why I
put the question—to see a lawyer stand up, and
assert a principle, and decide a question, not on
what had occurred, but on what might, with the
acquiescence of the Executive of the Union,
occur in after times. I have been told by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that no "Sale of
the kind has taken place, and probably none
ever will take place. It is not the intention of
the Government to let the white man go in there-,
and purchase up the lands, until the whole Indian
title is extinguished, and the lands are properly
and legally brought within the limits an d bound-
aries of the Territory of Nebraska. Why, sir,
according to the theory of the gentleman from
Ohio, if the people of the State of Kentucky were
to go over in numbers sufficient to purchasethe
lands of the State of Ohio—assuming that some
pestilence, or disease, or some other cause, had
destroyed its people—they could thus destroy—
if I may so express myself—the nationality of
the people of Ohio. That seems to me to be a
new mode of annexation. When they-go into
Ohio, and buy lands, they become Ohians, and
not Kentuckians.
Mr. WATSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Kentucky to say that I laid down the
legal proposition that these half-breeds could sell
their lands ?
Mr. JEWETT. With the sanction of the
President, that they could sell six hundred and
forty acres.
Mr. WATSON. The gentleman did not un-
derstand my language as 1 qualified it. I said
that, after partition by the President, as provided
by the tenth section of the treaty with the Indians
of 15th July, 1830, they hold their lands in fee,
which in terms imports a power of sale, and they
therefore can sell.
Mr. JEWETT. The manner in which I stated
the case is not in conflict with the gentleman's
view at all. I stated generally that his argument
was that, with the sanction of the Executive, these
half-breeds might sell and dispose of their lands.
I believe my friend from Delaware lives near
the line between the States of Pennsylvania and
Delaware. Now, if a few of these millionaires
of the Black Diamond country should go over to
Delaware and purchase the lands of that State,
(a few large plantations would cover the whole,)
by the argument of the gentleman from Ohio, the
State of Delaware would become extinct, and be-
come annexed to the State of Pennsylvania.
I take the opposite view. I hold that, when they
go to Delaware and settle there, they become citi-
zens of the State of Delaware. No annexation
takes place, nor can any such annexation take
place in that way. There can be no such enlarge-
ment of the Territory of Nebraska as would bring
these half-breeds within the jurisdiction of the
laws of the country, or give trespassers there the
right of suffrage. No man can settle there and
annex one single inch of their land unless by some
proper arrangement with the Government, and
with the Indian tribes. The organic act estab- *
lishing the Territory declares it. The acts of the
Xerntory ^ now under consideration declares it.
lhe treaties with the Indians declare it; and no
sane man, it seems to me, can assume such a
proposition.
Now, sir, I have discussed the legal proposi-
tions of the case, and will make some observations
m regard to the facts appearing in the report. If
the board of territorial canvassers are sustained
by the House, m accordance with the views I
have herein expressed, in rejecting indiscrim-
L counties which they have rejected,
then Mr. Chapman was elected by eighty-eight
votes. If, however, the House be not satisfied
with that view of the case, and if they insist on
counting every vote cast in the Territory of Ne-
braska, legal or illegal, except the nineteen votes
from the Indian reservation, then Mr. Chapman
has been elected by a majority of six votes. If
in like manner you add to them the illegal votes
coming from the State of Iowa—as is proved by
the two witnesses, Sharp and Sullivan, men of
high character and position in the county; the
latter, if I am not mistaken, a member of the
Legislature—then Mr. Chapman was elected by
a majority of nineteen votes.
