THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 24, 185G.
New Series. .. .Np. 108,.
Now, sir, it ia in proof that these men who
lived upon the Indian reserve refused to pay
taxes; they refused to have their property listed
for taxation. They lived among the Indians as
Indians, and refused to furnish their quota for
the support of the government. They were not
required to perform jury duty; they were not re-
quired to bear arms in defense of the Territory,
or to bear any of the burdens common to the citi-
zens of the Territory, and I submit that their votes
cannot properly be counted. Sir, the right of
suffrage is an inestimable right. It is a high
privilege. It is a glorious privilege for freemen
to come up to the polls boldly, and vote in open
day for those who are to make laws for them;
but this right is not worth having if a set of men
having no title to vote are allowed to come in and
control the elections.
The decision of the question in accordance
with the principles contended for by the majority
of the committee, would result in establishing a
rule—so far at least as territorial elections are con-
cerned—that any body of men could hold an elec-
tion, and the rest of mankind could vote at it;
I, for one, protest against such ruling.
Mr. FOSTER. Not having been able to agree
with the majority of the committee in several
of the points of this case, I design very briefly
to call the attention of the House to some ob-
servations upon these points. The territorial
canvassers, as I understand it, rejected the entire
vote of four of the counties in this Territory.
The reason assigned was that the vote of these
counties was illegal. Now, it was argued yes-
terday by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wat-
son,] that notwithstanding the fact, that the of-
ficers in these counties had not complied with the
laws, the testimony sent up to the territorial can-
vassers was better than if they had complied
strictly with the letter of the law.
Sir, the law regulating the elections in theTer-
ritory of Nebraska requires that the probalejudge
in each county shall appoint the judges of the
elections, and when the elections shall have been
held the judges of the elections are required to
return the poll-books to the clerk of the county,
and then the probate judges, with three house-
holders, shall proceed to canvass the votes, and
send up an abstract of such votes to the territo-
rial canvassers, who are to decide upon the result.
Well, sir, these counties' abstracts were not sent
up as the law required, but instead of that the
poll-books themselves were sent up, which the
majority of the committee say weie better evi-
dence than the abstracts would have been. Let
us sec how that is: In the first place, in order to
make these poll-books reliable, you must prove
that they were the original papers, which, as I
understand, there is no evidence to prove in this
case. If the votes are canvassed by the probate
judges and householders, there is some reason-
able security that the papers before them are the
identical papers which they purport to be, and
there is some reasonable security that the abstract
made out and signed by them is the true record,
when it comcs before the territorial canvassers.
The poll-books themselves, however, would of
course be true evidence, if you had any authority
for knowing that they were the original papers;
but, I ask you, what evidence you have of that
fact ? Have you any certificate ?
But gentlemen will perceive that it would have
been possible for these officers to have in this
way perpetrated a fraud upon the Territory.
For illustration, you want the evidence of a cer-
tain proceeding m court. You are required to
produce a certified copy, attested by the clerk of
the court. Hut suppose, instead of this, is
proposed to introduce a book purporting to be the
original record from the clerk s office, without
any certificate or affidavit whatever of its authen-
ticity, would it be received m any court as
evidence? Most assuredly not. Every lawyer
knows that it would not. The authenticated
copy would be required. And so in this case,
when what purported to be the original papers,
which were not authenticated, were presented m-
108
stead of the certified abstracts, I think the terri-
torial canvassers did right in rejecting them.
No man can appreciate more highly than I do
the right of suffrage. It is a great right—a right
which belongs to every freeman of this country—
but it is a right which, unless properly guarded
and protected, is not worth having. The terri-
torial authorities had the right to prescribe rules
and regulations for conducting the elections; and
if the several counties did not conform to those
rules and regulations, I think the canvassers did
right in rejecting the votes. And I say that it
is not a good argument to urge that th^, returns
are just as good as if they had been made in
accordance with the law. Let them be made in
accordance with the law. I think, too, that the
objection made by'the sitting Delegate, that the
election was not held in one precinct in the place
by the Governor, is a valid objection.
The Governor had a right to designate the
place of holding the elections. The election was
held not Qnly at the wrong place, but the returns
did not come up with the certificate of the probate
judge of the county in which the election was
held; therefore the officers rejected that vote.
So with the county of Dacotah. The same ob-
jection obtained in the cases of Washington and
Richardson. The canvassers rejected the votes
of these counties because they came without any
authentication that they were given in accordance
with law. 1 say they did right. It is better that
the people of the Territory should lose their
suffrage than there should be a violation of law
and a precedent established of this loose way of
making returns. I desire to call attention to this
fact: that the returns lack authentication. There
is no proof that the papers sent to the territorial
canvassers were really the, votes cast in that
county.
Admitting, for the sake of argument, that all
these votes were given, and returns made, in ac-
cordance with law, let us look at the matter in
that view. It is charged that votes were cast by
those on the Indian reserve. It is not denied,
or, if denied, it is proved, that nineteen of the
voters in the county of Richardson lived on the
Indian reserve. The gentleman from Ohio argued
that, because this Indian reservation was em-
braced within the limits of the Territory of .Ne-
braska, therefore they were citizens of Nebras-
ka, and entitled to vote. That does not hold
good. I admit they were geographically within
the Territory of Nebraska, but deny that they
were politically within its limits. The case is
not an unusual one. Some years ago a similar
ease occurred in Virginia. The city of Rich-
mond, was made, by law, an election precinct
by itself, and entitled to a representative in the
Legislature. The county of Henrico, in which
Richmond is situated, was also entitled to us
representative. On one occasion Richmond put
up a candidate for Henrico county, and he was
elected. His seat was contested on the ground
that he was not a resident of the county, the law
requiring that the representative should be a res-
ident of Henrico. The case was disposed of by
the Legislature ofVirginia. Our lamented fellow-
member, Mr. "Bayly, I think, was a member of
that body, and chairman of the committee of
elections. The case was decided thus: that, al-
though the man lived in the city of Richmond,
which is in the center of Henrico county, yet,
politically, he was not an inhabitant of that
county. So in this case: although the Indian
reserve was geographically within the limits of
Nebraska Territory, yet, politically, it is not
embraced by the territorial limits. Why is it,not
politically within the limits of the Territory? I
will call attention to "An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace on the frontiers." It provides:
« That all that patt of the United States west of the Mis-
sissippi. and not within the States of Missouri and Louis-
iana, or the Terntorv of Arkansas, and also that part of
the United States east of the Mississippi river, and not
within any State to which the Indian title has not been
extinguished, for the purposes of this act, be takea and
deemed to be the Indian country.'*
Sections ten and eleven of that act are as fol-
lows: - - -
"Sea. 10. Jlnd be it further enactei, That the Superin-
tendent of Indian affairs and Indian agents and sub-agents
shall have authority to remove from the Indian country ail
persons found therein contrary to law; and the President
cfthe Uhited States is authorized to direct the military
force to be employed in such removal.
" Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall make any settlement in any lands belonging, secured,
or granted by treaty with the United States, to any Indian
tribe, or shall survey, or shall attempt to survey, such lands,
or designate any of the boundaries by marking trees, or oth-
erwise, such offender shall forfeit and pay the sum of
$1,000, And it shall, moreover, be lawful for the President
of the United States to lake such measuies, and to employ
such military force, as he may judge necessary to remove
from the lands as aforesaid any such persons as aforesaid.?'
By reference to the law organizing the Terri-
tory, it will be seen that the Indian country is
excluded from the territorial jurisdiction, it is
provided—
" That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to
impair the rights of person or property now pertaining to
the Indians in said Territory, so long as such rights shall
remain unextinguished by treaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to include any teiritory which, by
treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the consent of
said tribe, to be included within the territorial limits or
jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but all such territory
shall be excepted out of the boundaries, and constitute no
part of the Territory of Kansas, until said tribe shall signify
their assent to the President of the United States to be in-
cluded within the said Territory of Kansas, or to affect the
authority of the Government of the United States to make
any regulation respecting such Indians, their lands, prop-
erty, or other rights, by treaty, law or otherwise, which it
would have been competent to the Government to make if
this act had never passed."
Those who reside on the Indian reservation are
not only not entitled to vote, but they may any
daybeuriven off asintruders. Thewholemilitary
force is at the disposal of the President to drive
them off. Further than that, they regard them-
selves' as intruders. The men who gave these
votes regarded themselves as not being citizens
of the Territory, for they refused on that ground
to pay the territorial taxes. They threw them-
selves on their rights as living on the Indian
reservation. Some of them have so testified.
They refused to pay taxes on the ground that
they did not live in the Territory of Nebraska.
Notwithstanding this, gentlemen get up here and
ask to have counted the votes of men who re-
fused to bear their share of the burdens of the
Government.* When taxes are to be paid they
are not citizens of the Territory; but when votes
are to be given they are, and demand to he re-
garded as such. Are these men entitled to the
privileges of the ballot-box? No, sir; they were
not entitled to the right of suffrage, and the can-
vassers did right in throwing out their votes, if
for that reason alone.
I will not go minutely into all the details of
this case. Every gentleman has the evidence
before him. There were illegal votes given, as
we learn by the testimony. At one of the pre-
cincts we have proof that five or six unnaturalized
Germans voted for the contestant. By the organic
law foreigners making a declaration of their in-
tention to become citizens were entitled to vote in
the first election; but by the territorial law the
right of suffrage is confined to citizens of the
United States. The evidence is, that some of the
voters had not even so much as made a decla-
ration of an intention to become citizens. Cer-
tainly the testimony is that some six or seven
never had been naturalized. They were not
entitled then, under the territorial law, to right
of suffrage, and they ought to be excluded.
Again: it was proved that some five voters I'ved
in the adjoining State of Iowa. It is in evidence
that they lived there both before and after the
election, and one witness says he knew them, and
knew them to be inhabitants of the State of Iowa.
But, overlooking all other objections, and count-
ing every vote that was given, taking the vote
given in every county in the Territory, and strik-
ing out from that number only the votes of men
who lived upon the Indian reserve, men who
lived in Iowa, and men who had never become
naturalized citizens of the United States, it leaves
Mr. Chapman, the sitting member, still elected
