1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
by a small majority. Here it isin the proof. In
•the •first place, the canvassers did right in reject-
ing the votes of those several counties, for the
reason that no authenticated record was sent up
—no more than if you or I had sent up a certifi-
cate. They did right, then, in excluding the
votes.
But upon the other view of the case, admitting
all the votes to come in, and rejecting only the
illegal votes which were cast in the Territory,
still the sitting member is entitled to his seat.
"These are the facts, according to the testimony.
They are all embraced in a narrow compass; and
I ask members of the House how, in view of
•them, they are to cast their votes? They can
•tome to no other conclusion than the one which
I have arrived at, unless they are driven to the
resort of saying that the men who were entitled
to no right of suffrage, the illegal outsiders, the
unnaturalized, undeclared foreigners in the Ter-
ritory, the men from Iowa, and those upon the
Indian reserves, were entitled to vote. They
are driven to that alternative before, by any pos-
sibility, they can raise any argument to justify
them in voting for the contestant in this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 wish to
Hiake a few observations upon this case; but be-
fore doing so, I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House that they will accord to
"the contestant the privilege invariably accorded
to contestants upon the floor of this House, of
addressing the House upon the case now before it.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. WASHBURN then proceeded to address
the House in support of the claim of the con-
testant. He has withheld his speech for revision;
it will appear in the Appendix.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbdry Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House (striking out' "11th of Au-
gust" and inserting "18th of August" in lieu
thereof) to the resolution of the Senate providing
for an adjournment of the two Houses of Con-
gress for the present session.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE 
AGAIN.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to call the previous
question.
.Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine a question in regard to a
femark which he made as to legal testimony.
The SPEAKER. Pending the call for the
previous question, it can only be done by general
consent.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I want to state that the
eentleman from Maine is mistaken in everything
ne has said.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine a single question in relation
to the character of some testimony which he has
commented upon.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am perfectly willing to
answer.
Mr. GREENWOOD, Do I understand him
to say that a portion of the testimony here was
taken without notice to the contestant?
Mr. WASHBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I want to ask
him whether the majority of the committee have
not determined that legal notice is not necessary
in the taking of depositions.'
Mr. WASHBURN. No, sir, never; but the
reverse.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understood the com-
mittee to have determined that strictly legal
notice was not required.
Mr. WASHBURN. We have done this: In
the Illinois case, notice was given nine days be-
fore. The law required ten days' notice to be
given. My judgment was, that under a proper
construction of the law, the notice in that case
was ten days. At all events, actual notice was
given there. The ground on which the com-
mittee went was this: that a party should have
actual notice,and should have an opportunity, in
all cases, to be present and cross-examine wit-
nesses. The committee would not receive tes-
timony where the party did nothave legal notice,
or was not able to be present by himself or at-
torney. '
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that no |
notice is legal unless when in strict accordance
with the law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont that the sitting member
requests to be heard here; and I hope he will not
now call the previous question, so as to preclude
him from being heard.
Mr. HAVEN. I understood that the House
had unanimously agreed that, after the previous
question should be ordered, both the sitting Del-
egate and contestant should be heard.
Mr. MEACHAM. Yes, the understanding
is that the contestant and sitting Delegate shall
have the privilege of speaking.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
general consent.
Mr. IIAVEN. The proposition was put to
the House while the Speaker was not in the chair,
and the House agreed to it.
The SPEAKER. It waa that the contestant
alone should have the privilege of speaking. But,
if there be no objection, it will be the understand-
ing that the contestant and the sitting Delegate will
be allowed the privilege of speaking on this ques-
tion, after the previous question shall have been
ordered.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will withdraw the call for the previous
question for five minutes, and I will renew it. I
have not yet spoken to the minority report.
Mr. MEACHAM withdrew the call.
Mr. STEPHENS. With regard to all these
counties, the votes of which the canvassers of the
Territory set aside, I have this remark to make:
I think they do right in rejecting the vote of
Dacotah for the reasons assigned in the minority
report. I think they did right in rejecting the
votes of Richardson county, and of Washington
county, for the same reason. But if the cavassers
rejected the vote of Dacotah county because the
probate judge did not sign the returns—in which
1 think they were right—of course the vote of
each of the other counties, in which the same in-
formality occurred, must go the same way. On
the argument of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Washburn,] that the votes of Otoe county and
Richardson county should be admitted, the vote
of Dacotah county must also be admitted. But
what I want the House to understand is this:that
if this principle is to be adopted towards all these
comities—if you are to count the whole of them,
and simply reject the nineteen illegal votes cast
in the Archer precinct, then Mr. Chapman has
been elected by a majority of six. Now, the
whole question is, were these residents on the
Indian reservation entitled to vote?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask whether
the sitting Delegate is elected by six majority ex-
cluding these nineteen votes from the Indian res-
ervation, provided you at the same time exclude
the votes cast at Dacotah and Henry Abrams's ?
Mr. STEPHENS, Not at all;butif you re-
ject Dacotah, why not reject Otoe also ?
Mr. WASHBURN. The vote of Dacotah
was excluded because the election was held at the
wrong place; and the gentleman attempts to ex-
clude Otoe simply because they sent up the returns
instead of haviug had an abstract made by the
judge.
Mr. STEPHENS. The returns of Dacotah
county were rejected for the same reason by the
canvassers—that the probate judge had not signed
the abstract. And if you reject Dacotah county
you must for the same reason reject Otoe,Wash-
ington, and Richardson counties. Apply the
same principle to the whole of them, and you are
brought down to the single fact as to the illegal
votes from the Indian reservation.
Mr. WATSON. Does the gentleman admit
the fact tnat the election in Dacotah county was
held at eighteen or twenty miles distance from
the place designated >
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not admit the fact. It
may be so; I do not know how that is. There
is no proof of it. I stated in the minority report
that that is my understanding of the fact. So far
as that is concerned, I am willing to admit it.
But that is not the ground on which the canvass-
ers rejected the return. The main ground on
which all these returns were rejected was, that the
probate judge had not signed the abstract. I
think they wore right. And if all the counties
m which that error occurred be rejected, why,
then Chapman is elected by ninety-five majority.
And if you let in all the votes except the nineteen
from the Indian reservation, he is elected by six.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. The principal difficulty that I have,
is as to the election at the Archer and Henry
Abrams's precincts. I want to inquire of the
gentleman, [Mr. Stephens,] who has examined
the matter much more carefully than I have had
the opportunity of doing, whether there is any
evidence in addition to Sharp's, showing that
there was an informal and irregular election at
both these precincts; that it was held without due
notice; that the returns of the county in which
these precincts are, were set aside by the can-
vassers; and whether there is any evidence es-
tablishing the fact that these two elections were
held by sworn judges, and according to law ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will answer each one of
the questions of the gentleman; but before pro-
ceeding to answer them, I will first reply to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] as
to Sharp's testimony being taken without notice.
Sir, the sitting Delegate notified the committee of
his wish to have Mr. Sharp's deposition taken
at a time when Sharp was in the city. After con-
versing with Mr. Sharp upon the subject, the
committee refused to take his deposition, on the
ground that his testimony was immaterial. At
the instance of the sitting member, therefore, his
affidavit was taken; and his testimony is explicit
and pointed. He was at the election, and he
swears to the identity of every one of these nine-
teen voters.
Mr. WATSON. Did the contestant know the
time and place when and where Sharp's testi-
mony was to be taken ?
Mr. STEPHENS. So far as I know, he did
not. When I returned from Georgia the House
may perhaps remember what occurred in relation
to the matter in my absence. The sitting Dele-
gate informed me that he had requested the com-
mittee to have Sharp's testimony taken,and they
had refused. He showed me a copy of a letter,
in which he notified the committee to send for
Sharp. They had not done it. I then saw Sharp.
He told me what he knew. I told him to go be-
fore a justice of the peace, and swear to the facts,
and I would bring it before the House. That is
what I did. I do not know whether the contest-
ant knew of his intention or not. After the sit-
ting Delegate had brought the matter before the
committee, and they had refused his request, I did
not consider any notice to any one as necessary.
Of course it was ex parte testimony.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In every case
before the Committee of Elections they have
received only testimony in the shape of deposi-
tions. But I ask the gentleman whether the
Committee of Elections have ever excluded or
refused to hear any testimony upon the part of
the sitting member until after the case was closed ?
And, under these circumstances, I ask whether
it did not become the sitting Delegate in this case
to give notice to the contestant of his intention to
take this deposition ? And I ask this further
question, why, having taken this affidavit before
the report of the committee was actually pre-
sented to the House, he did not submit it to the
committee, and allow it to go in with the other
testimony, so that other members of the commit-
tee could have an opportunity to examine it ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The report of the majority
of the committee was made before Sharp's testi-
mony was taken, and how could I give the com-
mittee notice? I could only act as a minority.
The minority report is in itself an ex parte state-
ment. I could only come forward and furnish
such information as I could collect. The com-
mittee had closed its door; the committee had
refused to hear this Sharp; and how else could I
do than to bring out this fact by an ex parte state-
ment ? When the committee had refused to ex-
amine this witness, was one member of the com-
mittee to constitute himself a commission to take
testimony, and notify the majority of the com-
mittee, who had closed their report, and presented
it to the House ?
Mr. WATSON. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me just one word ? I simply want
to ask him if we are never to close a case before
us ? When the parties have submitted arguments
and re-arguments, are we never to consider a case
closed ?
