114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
with us ? Members of -the House of Represent-
atives know that the Constitution of the United
States has provided for one, and they must take
it for granted that he is at his post. And it is
the President's duty to take it for granted that
the people have done their duty, and sent to the
Capitol their proper Representatives in order to
' constitute the Congress of the United States. He
must take it for granted that the people's Repre-
sentatives have discharged their duty; that they
have assembled in pursuance of the Constitution.
When he deems it his duty to communicate to
Congress he must do so; and though his Private
Secretary should find this Hall vacant, not a seat
occupied, the Executive -will have discharged his
duty.
As to the question why he did not present his
communication" before, 1 have only to say that
he may not have thought that it was important to
do so. . If we were in an unorganized condition
for five or six weeks, or three or five months, is
it to be an established doctrine here, that the
Executive is not to communicate to us any in-
formation, however important, until Congress
shall ask it at his hands? That is not the con-
stitutional provision; it is that he shall, from time
to time, communicate with Congress. I can see
no objection—there can bo none to the practice of
courtesy which has been followed from the or-
ganization of the Government up to the present
time, that when both Houses are organized we
shall inform the President that Congress is assem-
bled, and ready to receive any communication
that he may see fit to make to them. Now, shall
we stickle on a question of courtesy, or etiquette
which is unknown to the Constitution, and in
nowise obligatory 011 this House, or anybody
else ? For myself, I have respect for practice, or
custom, or etiquette, or anything of the sort no
longer than it lias good reason in its favor, no
longer than it is founded on right and justice.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk 
Tlie.CLERIC. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee yield to the Jentleman from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, I enter
my protest against the whole practice of interro-
gating every gentleman that gets up to address
tlie House. It is wrong. 1 do not intend any
disrespect to#lhc gentleman from Pennsylvania;
but I do think tha*. it is a practice which-mars the
deliberations of the body as much, perhaps, as
tmvlhing else.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk, I
did not rise to usk the gentleman a question; I
merely desired an opportunity to say this: the
President of the United States has assumed the
responsibility or presenting his message to us in
our present unorganized condition, treating us as
a House, under the Constitution. I wish 'merely
to call l'or the previous question 011 the question
of reception of that message; and let every mem-
ber of this body take the responsibility without
debate, by his vote, of declaring whether or not
iie will recognize the existence of this House, or
prevent important papers from going to the coun-
try touching matters which affect the" Government
and the whole country.
Mr. 'SEWARD. I hope the Clerk will decide
who has the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Iiococitl has been recognized.
. Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I want to know whether that side of the
House is entitled to the exclusive right to the
attention of the Clerk, and whether we are to lie
heard at all? [Laughter, and cries of " Good !'']
3Vlr. CARLILE. What is the question before
the House?
The CLERK. The Clerk will state the ques-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cami>-
bem,] raises the point of order that ttic reading
of the message is not the business before the
House. The Clerk, not desiring to decide that
question himself, therefore refers it to the House
to decide whether the motion made by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is in order.
JYfr. CARLILE. What is that motion?
The CLERK. The motion is that the mes-
sage be reed.
iifr. KOCOCIC. I shall occupy the attention
of the House but one or two minutes in relation
to this matter. Gentlemen upon the other side
ot the House, Mr. Clerk, have spoken of this as
a very extraordinary contingency. Never before,
it has been said, has the President of the United
States sent a message to this House until it was
organized by the election of a Speaker. I an-
swer that never before, since the foundation of
this Government, has it been the case that the
members of the House of Representatives have
sat here for four weeks without a Speaker. A
gentleman over the way has read the law which
was brought out here some weeks ago.
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. LETCHER. There is a question of
order already pending.
The CLEiUS. The gentleman from Georgia
is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know whether the
question of order has been decided, and if so,
whether an appeal has been taken.
Mr. BOCOCK. There has been an appeal
taken, and it is debatable.
The CLERK. There has been no appeal."
Mr. BOCOCK. The question of order has
been presented to the House, which is the same
thing, and it is debatable. I was proceeding to
say, Mr. Cleric-, that the fact that the President
of the United States has thus, for the first time,
communicated to the House, while it was in a
disorganized condition, may he justified by the
fact that, for the first time in the history of the
Government, the House of Representatives has
sat for four weeks without electing a Speaker.
The CLERK, (interrupting.) The question
now before the House is, whether the House will
entertain the motion of Mr. Clingman that the
message of the President of the United States be
read.
Mr. SEWARD. A question of order has been
raised on that. I>Tow, I want to know what the
decision is >
The CLERK. That is the question of order.
Mr. BOCOCK. In relation to the law which
has been read by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Mattesom,] what I have to say, Mr. Clerk,
is, that it was brought out by myself, many days
ago, and is m the recollection of almost every
member of this body, but the phrase used in that
law is, that a Speaker shall be elected and the
members sworn in " before proceeding to any
other business." The term "business" has a
specific, and I may say, a technical meaning.
Now, wo have been debating here for a long
time. Would gentlemen say that in so doing we
were "proceeding to other business?" The
House of Representatives has passed various res-
olutions, either of order or m relation to its organ-
ization. Was that " proceeding to other busi-
ness?" We have a right to take any steps which
maybe conducive to the election of a Speaker and
to the organization of this House, and until that
message is read we do not know how far it maybe
persuasive to that end. The mere reception and
reading of the message is not proceeding to busi-
ness. When wo have read it, and action shall be
proposed, growing out of it, other than the elec-
tion of Speaker, it will then be time enough for
gentlemen to object, and intrench themselves
behind the law aforesaid. Then I shall agree
with them.
There is one point that has been hinted at over
the way, which 1 wish to present more specifically
to the attention of this House, and it was for that
purpose that I arose 011 this occasion.
Mr. Clerk, when the Congress of the United
States is not in session, the Constitution of the
country gives the President the right to call this
body together. There might be danger of an in-
vasion, our commerce might be threatened, or some
of our rights as a nation might be attacked, and
in such cases, Congress not being in session, the
President of the United States, by proclamation,
may call us together, and show us in that proc-
lamation why we are called together. Now, we
have been here since the 1st day of December,
and if the doctrine of gentlemen be true, that the
President cannot communicate with us, we should
all this time have been in a worse condition than
if we had notassembled. All these things might
tafcrise; we might be threatened with invasion, our
"ommerce imght be attacked, or other of our
national rights might be invaded—at least there
might be occasion for some important action on
the part of the Congress of the United States,
and yet the information could not be got before
Congress or the countrv. Can that be so? Can
there be a time when our rights or our safety are
invaded, and yet the President cannot communi-
cate it? He might have communicated with us
before we met. Are we in a worse condition
now ? Information of an important character may
be communicated in this message, and such in-
formation might be strongly persuasive to the
organization of this House. How do w'e know
that such is not the case? How do we "ftnow
until the message is read that it does not contain
something which, if Congress had not been in
session, would have properly induced the Presi-
dent to convene this body by proclamation. We
want to know—the country wants to know,
whether such matter is in existence as requii-es
this Congress to be speedily organized; and I
insist that upon that ground, if 011 no other, the
President hag a right to communicate to this
House, and we have a right to receive the mes-
sage, and have it read.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Mr. Clerk',
I think it possible that this message ought to be
received, because we are a House in our present
condition. "We are a House before we elect a
Speaker; we are contemplated as a House before
we elect a Speaker; and as a House we form a
constituent branch of the Congress of the United
States. The President has taken the responsi-
bility of addressing us while we are in a disor-
ganized, or rather an unorganized condition. We
assume here to be a House; but the Constitu-
tion says that each House shall be the judge of
the election, return, and qualification of its own
members. We are here, and we have not ex-
changed credentials with each other, and we do
not know, therefore, that the body of gentlemen
here assembled, and assuming to be a House, is
a qualifier] House; or if there is the majority of
a quorum of a House here. And how are we
to know that fact? Why, when tho oath shall
have been administered to us, and upon the pre-
sentation of our credentials.
The Constitution says in the fifth section of the
ninth article:
" Each House si 1 all be tlie judge of tlie election, return,
and qualification of its own members, and a inajoiity of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
I take it, therefore, that until there is an ascer-
tained majority of a constitutional House, whose
election and qualification arc established, we are
in an unorganized condition, and cannot possibly
do any business. Yet wo have assumed, as the
President has a right to assume, that we are a
House. We have assembled here, and have
called the yeas and nays. Although we have
not communicated to the President that wc arc
organized and ready to receive communications
from him, still, when his messenger appears at
our door, and informs us that the President has
sent a message to the House of Representatives,
1 think we should be stultifying ourselves if we
were to turn round and say to lum, " We are not
yet a House s^ as to receive it." I am of opinion
that tve ought to receive it, and that, when we
shall have received it, it ought to lay just where
it now hes, until wc are ready, by an organiza-
tion, to read it, and to act upon it.
I move, therefore, Mr. Clerk,—because there
seems a necessity for amotion,—that the message
be received and laid upon the .table.
Mr._ CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order in reference to the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky. His motion to receive and lay
the message upon the table is not in order until
the other question of order, raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Clerk entertains the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, I ask
for a division of it.
The CLERK. The Clerk does not entertain
the motion, as he thinks it is out of order until
the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Otno, which is still before the House, is
first disposed of. ■
Mr. GROW. Is not the question of receiving
tho message the first question before the House?
The CL.ERK. The question now before the
House is, will the House entertain the motion of
the gentloman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man,] viz: 44 Shall the message of the President
of the United States be now read
Mr. MILLSON here obtained the floor.
Mr. CLI2NG-MAN. My motion was, that the
message be received and read.
