1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 9, 1856.
• The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid be-
fore the House a message from the President of
theUnited States, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the House, a report from the Sec-
retary of State on the subject of the correspond-
ence between this Government and that of Great
Britain, touching the Clayton and Bulwer con-
vention; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in reply to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, relative to the adequacy of the
Cleveland custom-house, recommending an addi-
tion to tlie building authorized, and an appropri-
ation therefor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a statement of the
balances of appropriations on the books of the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury, which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PAT OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions a bill making provisions to
compensate agents for paying pensions, and pre-
scribing the time and manner of settling their
accounts, and moved that it be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me
that the bill is clearly general ill its provision,
and docs not at all appertain to private claims.
If it is to prescribe ft general law for the payment
of pensions by pension agents, it is one not for
a Committee of the Whole House, but for the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
arid I move that it have that reference.
Mr. OLIVER. I have no objection to the ref-
erence proposed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, and accept it as a modification of my own
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. Debate on the amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill, under a resolution
of the House, closes m Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union at one o'clock to-day.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Shortkr]
has the floor. He will have, even now, less than
an hour for his speech. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that he may have as
much time as there may be left.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the ^Vhole oil the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stanton m the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 68) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1856.
Mr. SHORTER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee for one hour. His
speech is withheld for levision, and will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
The hour for the closing of general debate on
the deficiency bill having arrived, the Chairman
stated the question to be on the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Evans,]
to strike outthe words, " to the satisfaction," in
the Senate's nineteenth amendment, and insert, in
lieu thereof, " under the direction;" so as to make
it read as follows:
To provide for engiavmg the maps and drawings ac-
companying tbe lepoits of explorations and surveys to de-
temnm' a Pacific jashoad ronto, $49,200, or so much thereof
'i< niav bu ncce^ary; and the said maps and drawings
t-hall bo engraved under tlie direction of tlie Seeretaiy of
War.
Pendin°- which amendment the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Flacler] had moved to amend
by striking out all after the word " necessary,
including t lie words proposed to be ch.Q.ng"CU by
the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. MACE. I propose, Mr. Chairman, to
offer some remarks with reference to the nine-
teenth amendment of the Senate. That amend-
ment provides for engraving the maps and draw-
ings accompanying the reports of the explorations
and surveys to determine the route for the Pacific
railroad. The true question before the commit-
tee is the propriety, necessity, and utility of
having engraved those maps and charts. In the
debate on a former occasion it wa's assumed by
gentlemen in favor of the Pacific railroad, that
those who opposed an appropriation for engrav-
ing were necessarily opposed to the construction
of this road. Now, sir, I apprehend that I am
as much in favor of a Pacific railroad, as any
gentleman on this floor; and 1 submit that, if
Congress should refuse an appropriation for the
purpose of making maps and engravings, that
fact would not militate in the least against the
construction of this road.
I state the fact, which will not be controverted,
that there has never been a State in this Union
engaged in the construction of a railroad—that
there never has been an individual company en-
gaged in the construction of a railroad, which has
required that maps and charts should accompany
the report made by the engineer.
Now, what do we want? We desire that a
road shall be surveyed; we want the practicability
of that road demonstrated by letters and not by pic-
tures. Of what avail is it to show that in a certain
portionof the route,on the right is amountain,pn
the left a valley, and that in a particular locality
there is a stream? It amounts to nothing. All we
want is a good survey of the route. We desire that
the engineer shall state the length of the route, its
termini, and the practicability of constructing a
road over it; and we want it done in writing, and
not by means of pictures. It may be very well
to state the climate, the nature of the soil, &c.,
the amount of snow, if you please, and what por-
tion of the loute passes through a sterile desert,
but notin pictures. It may be very well to illus-
trate books designed for the amusement of chil-
dren with pictures. It may be. very entertaining
to a boy to look over pictures in a book. It may
be very proper to illustrate Mother Goose, and
books of that character, with pictures that will
captivate the minds of children; but the idea of
entering upon a system of engraving for the pur-
pose of enabling the Congress of the United States,
by a pictorial process, to determine the practica-
bility of constructing a railroad from some point
in the Mississippi valley to the Pacific ocean, is,
to my mind, simply ridiculous.
Now, sir, the appropriation that is proposed
amounts to some §49,000: but this is but the enter-
ing wedge of a system of engraving that no one
can tell where it will end, without the least practi-
cal utility. I venture to say that not one member
of the House would take up the report of the
engineer, and derive any intelligent idea as to the
practicability of the route in consequence of any
pictures of the face of the country through which
the route passes. Why, sir, look at the engrav-
ings ill the agricultural part of the Patent Office
report! There is a picture of the Chinese yam,
that shows you the size and shape, but nothing
of the flavor of the article; and so, sir, of this
whole system of engraving m connection with
every public document that is ordered to be
pririted. There is no practical utility whatever,
and it involves the expenditure of a large amount
of money. If you are to initiate this system of
engraving by ordering it to be done for this report
of°the Pacific railroad survey, instead of ending
with the §49,200 which it is now proposed to
appropriate, I venture to say the expense will not
stop snort of half a million of dollars. As I have
said, there is no practical utility in it; and I trust
the whole item of appropriation will be stricken
out. . , ,
Mr. PHELPS. As the discussion has been
exhausted upon the pending amendments, I re-
quest the gentleman from Texas to withdraw his
amendment, and I will renew it.
Mr. EVANS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I renew the amendment of
the Senator from Texas. I do it for the purpose
of enabling me to explain the nature of the amend-
ment of the Senate, which is now under consid-
eration. And I will preface what I propose to
say, by the remark, that if any gentleman wishes
to compare the proccss of lithographing with that
of engraving, in respectto the surveys of tjie routes
for this road, there are specimens of both upon
the Clerk's desk, which can be examined.
I hold, sir, that as we have made important sur-
veys, with the view of determining the practical
utility of the several railroad routes from the valley
of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, if fche maps
that are to accompany these surveys are to be
printed at all, they ought to be printed in a hand-
some and good style. You will perceive, by an
examination of the maps of these surveys, th^t
there are figures down upon the engraved one,'
along the line of the survey, indicating the alti-
tude of the country, and showing the character
of the country through which the routes pass.
You must refer to the text for an explanation of
them to a great extent; but nevertheless, so far
as the ranges of the mountains are concerned,
and the altitude of the country, you can have a
better representation upon maps properly en-
graved, than you can have by those which have
been lithographed.
Then, sir, I take it, that having made these
surveys, if you are to continue the publication of
them, they ought to be well executed, and the
maps should be properly engraved and printed,
for the purpose of giving the best information
that can be furnished to the people of the coun-
try who desire to investigate the subject, and to
enable such of them as may be willing to make
some proposition to the Government looking to
the construction of this road.
I do not concur in the opinion which was ad-
vanced the other day, that those who vote for
this amendment -of the Senate, necessarily com-
mit themselves to sanctioning the construction
of this work by the Government. Why, sir,
wc order various documents to be printed. We
print executive documents, in reply to any reso-
lution that either House may adopt,but does any
gentleman suppose, when he votes to haVe these
documents printed, that he commits himself to
the recommendations contained in them ? By no
means. He only docs it that the information
may be spread before the country. He desires
himself to investigate the subject, and votes to
print in order that he may have the means of
making that investigation within his reach, that
he may be able to arrive at a correct result.
Then, Mr. Chairman, I am m hopes this com-
mittee will concur in the amendment of the Senate,
as it comes to us from that body. There has been
considerable discussion upon the amendment, in-
volving the whole subject of the public printing,
and the whole subject of engraving, and much
valuable information has been elicited, I am
informed, in relation to the drawings and maps
proposed to be published; that there is nothing
in them, illustrative of anything, except what is
directly connected with the^surveys themselves;
and upon this subject, I am willing to trust the
Secretary of War. I understand that Captain
Humphreys, who had charge of the making of
these surveys, has these reports in charge, and
I do not believe he will recommend any maps or
engravings to the Secretary of War, for publica-
tion, unless he believes them to be useful, and
necessary for conveying the proper information
to the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Chairman, of all the
propositions submitted to this House since I have
been a member of it, I must say that this amend-
ment of the Senate is to mo the wildest, and the
widest of the true mark. We are asked to incur
the great expense of $50,000 to engrave—what?
Why, a mere experimental tracing of lines. Not
to engrave something permanent, and which may
be useful forever; but a mere temporary feeling
of the pulse, to decide where a Pacific railroad
could go. In a few years this will be disregarded
and some other route taken, and for whose use
are these engravings to be made ? Who is to
read and examine them ? If we send them abroad
among the people, what light do they afford > To
be sure they will find in the works very fine
looking maps, but. Hvhat of that? They throw
no light on any subject. The makers of the
road will not go by them. When they are con-
structing the road they will go according to their
own surveys and examinations.
It is proposed that we shall go into a system
of engraving on a very large scale—that we shall
have illustrations in various colors, to be executed
at great expense because they wiil look well, and
