1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
The CLERK. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move that the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] be invited to take the chair,
in order that we may have some order in this
House. [Laughter.]
Mr. WAKEMAN. That motion cannot be
in order now, as there is another motion pending.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not in
order at this time.
• Mr. MILLSON. If I was recognized by the
Clerk, I claim the floor, and do not yield it to any
gentleman.
Mr. SEWARD. A certain class of members
seem to have the exclusive right to the floor, and
I am not willing to submit to that arrangement,
under the hand of a Clerk, a Speaker, or anybody
M r. C AMPBBLL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Virginia will yield the floor, I think we
can disentangle this snarl into which we have
got. ,
Mr. MILLSON. I cannot yield to any one.
The question of order raised by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] necessarily presents
two inquiries to the House—first, as to the au-
thority competent to determine this point of order;
next, as to the right—I will not say the obligation
—of the House to receive this message from the
President; and as these two questions are kindred
ones, the consideration of the first branch of the
inquiry, as to who must determine this point of
order, will, in a great degree, throw light upon
the question whether we are now an organized
body, as I maintain wc are.
Now, sir, what is the function of the Clerk of
this House? Gentlemen address motions to the
Clerk, invoke the decision of questions by him,
and suggest appeals from his decisions, just as if
the Clerk were a member of this House, and au-
thorized to make decisions binding on members
here. Sir, the Clerk is but a ministerial agent of
the House. He is not a member of the body.
He has no control over members. He has no
authority whatever 1o decide questions raised
by the different Representatives for the considera-
tion of this body; and although, as a matter of
convenience to members, iho suggestions of the
Clerk are acquiesced in, and respected by the
House, as the presumed expressions of its own
will, yet, sir, I protest against this solecism in
legislation—in considering one of the executive
officers of the House as its presiding officer,
having authority to make decisions binding upon
its members, and requiring to be reversed upon a
formal appeal takqji to the House. I have several
times heard gentlemen talk of talcing such ap-
peals, and, had it really been done, I should have
availed myself of the opportunity to protest
against encumbering the congressional Journal
by the record of so extraordinary a proceeding
ns that of an appeal to the House from a decis-
ion of its Clerk. And \vhen I say this 1 trust
the House will understand me as not designing,
in the least degree, to reflect upon the Clerk, who
has discharged the duties of his present position
with impartiality and a sincere desire to do, justice
to all. **
Now, then, the Clerk not being'a member of
this House, and not authorized to make decisions
governing the body, the question is, who must
determine all these points? Why, the House of
Representatives. And are not wc the House
of Representatives? Do wc become the House
of Representatives only when a Speaker is chosen?
Is a selection of a Speaker necessary to the or-
ganization of this body? Why, gen', lemon have,
in carelcss phraseology, spoken of the organiza-
tion of the House as if Jt had not been organized
on the first Monday of December. This House
now stands organized. It is as much organized
now as it will bo after the election of a Speaker,
and before the election of a Clerk; or as it will be
after the election of Speaker and Clerk, and be-
fore the election of'a Sergeant-at-Arms, and all
its other officers. The Constitution says that
the House of Representatives shall electaSpeaker
and other officers.
Mr. BELL. I wish to put a question to the
gentleman.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me. Then, sir, this being an organized
oody, organized by law, organized by the elec-
tions of the people, organized by the assembling
of the people's Representatives hero, we are under
all the responsibilities attaching to the House of
Representatives. It is, as a House of Represent-
atives, that we elect a Speaker and other officers.
The only reference made to a Speaker in the Con-
stitution is in that clause in which it is stated
that the House of Representatives shall elect
their Speaker and-other officers.
Now, sir, suppose a Speaker to have been
elected, is the House disorganized by his death?
Clearly not. And it is not the less organized
now than it would be upon the removal of a
Speaker by death. Then, sir. the Presidentmay,
by the Constitution, address from time to time
communications to Congress. Having a right
to address such communications, the President
has a right to be hea. d here, as I have a right to
be heaid; and you have the same right, m the
present condition of the House, to hear the mes-
sage of the President, communicated in conso-
nance with the Constitution, as you have to hear
me now. The President speaks to you by mes-
sage;! speak to you ore taws. What is the dif-
ference? You may not be bound to hear either,
j unless you choose; and after you have chosen a
I Speaker, you will not perhaps be bound to read
| a message at the moment of its presentation. In
the exercise of your discretion you might refuse
to have it read ; but your power is no greater
in the one case than in the other. The President
has the right to send the message to you, and
you have the right to hear it now, as well as at
j any other time. Then the question is one which
| is addressed to your discretion, and not one as
to your constitutional competency. Will you
hear it? Will you receive information which
the President is now willing to communicate?
There is no constitutional impediment.
And permit me here to say, tins course does
not involve any innovation upon the practice of
the Government, because, as my colleague [Mr.
Bocock] has just suggested, there never before
has been a House of Representatives which has
remained without a Speaker, to so late a period
of the session. It is then altogether a question
as to what the House may please to do, and it
will jud^e, in view of all the questions, whether
it will receive the message now, or wait until we
have chosen a presiding officer. But I take leave
respectfully to suggest, that if the House should
refuse now to receive the message, it will not be
because it is constrained by any constitutional
obligation to do so; and it would be a broach of
that comity which should always govern the re-
lations existing between the legislative and exec-
utive branches of the Government.
Mr. SIMMONS. The question, sir, that is
here presented is, in my judgment, a very simple
one. It is, whethcra corporate body—a political
eoiporate body—is by any regular and constitu-
tional law under heaven, capable of noting With
an aggregation of the raw materials, before such
corporation is, in fact, organized? Suppose a
railroad corporation, or any corporate body—
suppose, for instance, the judges of the Court
of* Claims come here, and assemble together,
can they proceed to do business before,perhaps,
they are sworn in ? Why, T take it, sir, it needs
no lawyer to answer that question. It only needs
the exercise of plain, fair, common sense to see
that this body is not a puhhc corporation for the
purpose of doing any business whatever, but to
organize. The ordinance regulating the action
of Congress says that the House has the right
to choose Us own Speaker. The framcis of the
Constitution, the very men who wore in that
convention, voting for that vei\, Ltw which has
been read, which prevents the House from doing
anything, officially, before its electing a Speaker,
knew very well the effijet of that law. inow, I
ask, what is it to act officially, as membets of
this House? Why, we may set here very po-
litely, as an aggregation of individuals expecting
to be a corporation by-and-by: we may wry po-
litely receive and lay on the table a message from
the President of the United States; and I take it
that the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
: [Mr. HrMPiiRiiY MahsiiallJ means that. If he
| means that we are authorized, officially, to re-
j e,eivo here, as a public body, and act upon, and
j lay on the table, a message.! think it is begging
: the question. It is supposing a corporation to
ij be capable of acting without organization. We
.1 might as well have a man act without brains, or
without hands and feet. This body must be
sworn, and must, have an organ through which
it can speak. What is that organ called? A
Speaker. Why? Because he speaks for the
House. The House speaks through him, and
cannot speak through anybody else, except by
the Clerk counting the votes, according to the
law, which forbids anything else to be done until
a Speaker is chosen.
I have no very particular objection to merely
receiving and laying on the table a message, but
it cannot be done officially. It is only done in
our character as individuals, meeting together
more like a caucus than a House of Representa-
tives. Probably that will be about all that the
President will expect. But, sir, I look upon this
House now, or upon those members who will
make a future House after the Speaker is elected,
a good deal as I would upon the raw materials of
which the world was formed before the fiat went
forth, u Let there bo light." Now, to*bo sure,
we are all individuals acting here, but, until a
Speaker is elected, we are acting unofficially.
But, if the law which has been read here is
constitutional, wc can do nothingelse but proceed
to vote for a Speaker. Whore*, sir, is tne doc-
trine of limited* powers ? Why, I should have
expected all the Representatives from old Virginia
to have risen at once, when this message was
sent in, and exclaimed simultaneously that the
people could not distinguish which were which.
Here wc have a power given by the Constitution,
that the House will elect its own Speaker; and
then we have a power given by law, that nothing
else shall be done in the way of business until a
Speaker shall have been elected—no message re-
ceived, nor anything of that kind. And yet, it is
gravely proposed that we take the question into
our official action,—receive it not as individuals,
nor as a caucus, nor as respectable gentlemen iu
couriesv towards a respectable man, but receive
it officially and have it lead. The next step
would be to appoint committees in the same way.
That looks to me a litlle lik£ what is beyond ou-r
j power, and J am opposed \o it.
| Mr. CARLILE. * The Constitution provides
; for the assembling of Congress on the first Mon-
| day in December. It has been the piactice, I
; believe, from the foundation of t£ie Government
to the present time, for the President to commu-
nicate to Congress on its assembling.
Mr. GROW. Not always; in three weeks
after it, sometimes.
Mr. CARLILE. It is now four wcks since
Congress assembled, in pursuance of the terms
prescribed by the Constitution; and we present
to-day the extraordinary spectacle of the Houso
of Representatives having spent a month in fruit-
less efforts to elect a Speaker; and gentlemen
seem to have fallen into the error—because the
Constitution provider for the election of a Speaker
by the House of Representatives—that until tho
election of a Speaker, it is not a House of Rep-
resentatives, although so recognized by the Con-
stitution. I think it has been demonstrated,
beyond all doubt, that we are the House of Rep-
resentatives as fully as we will be should wc ever
succeed in electing a Speaker. It has been usual,
however, for the President to waituntil a Speaker
shall have been chosen by the House of Repre-
sentatives before he communicates to it his mes-
sage. The President, m accordance with that
usage, has forebornc for the last four weeks, and
lias waited throughout the month of December
for the election of a Speaker by this House, in
order that, in conformity to usage, he might
communicate with it. This House is still with-
out a Speaker. .Now, sir, it is but fair to pre-
sume that the President would not have sent in
tins communication this morning—having de-
layed so Ions waning for this election of Speaker—
unless there were matters treated of in the message
which, in his judgment, the country ought to
know, and of which, therefore, the House of
Representatives should be informed. 1 say, sir,
it is but fair to presume this.
it may be found, after we have heard themes-
sage, that instead of the President receiving the
censure of members on this floor for communi-
cating his message to this House, the members
themselves, and the country at large, will feel
indebted to him for having done so.
I trust that no longer time will be consumed in
this discussion, but that we will at once proceed
