116
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
December SI,
to the reading of the message. ( I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. TBOYCE obtained the floor.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia withdraw his call for the previous question ?
Mr. CARLILE. I will, if the gentleman from
South Carolina desires to address the House.
Mr. BOYCE. I do not propose to detain the
House for more than a minute. It seems to me
that this whole question lies in a nut-shell. The
law which has been read by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Matteson,] and which' has
frequently been referred to by various gentlemen
since the commencement of the session, prescribes
that no business shall be transacted until a
Speaker has been elected. If, therefore, this be
business, the message cannot be received. If it
be not business, itcan. If every memberwill look
at the question in this point of view, I think the
House will be relieved from any difficulty in rela-
tion to tfie matter. For my own part, I do not
consider that this is business. I look upon it
merely as a matter of communicating information
to the House; and looking upon it in that point
of view, I see no reason why the message should
not be received and read.
Mr. CARLILE. I move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. Do 1 understand that a motion for
the previous question is pending?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Cahlue] moved the previous question,
and that motion is now pending.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Virginia
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CARLILE. I will withdraw the motion
if the gentleman from South Carolina will re-
new it.
Mr. ORR. I desire to reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Simmons.]
Mr. CARLILE. Well, sir, 1 will withdraw
the motion.
Mr.ORR. The gcntlemanfromNewYorkover
the way-.[Mr. Simmoks] compared this House of
Representatives to aT-ailroau corporation, but ho
did not trace the analogy, it seemed to me, very
clearly. I confess that at first it seemed to me
that the analogy was not traced with sufficient
clearness to enable mo to comprehend its perti-
nence. Kilt, sif, the gentleman says the message
cannot be received, because the House has no
power lo transact business oi'any description until
a Speaker has been elected. Why, Mr. Clerk,
has not the gentleman from New York, since ho
took his seat upon this floor, the first Monday in
December last, voted upon a resolution directing
the Doorkeeper to exclude certain persons from
the Hall of the House? Did he not vote upon a
resolution limiting debate to ten minutes? Did
he not vote upon a resolution cutting off all de-
bate ? Has he not voted upon half a dozen other
resolutions, although no Speaker has been elected'
Mr. SIMMONS. I said the House had no
right to transact any other business until a
Speaker lmd been elected; but resolutions directly
connected with the business of electing a Speaker
are included in that business, and are, of course,
in the competency of tlic House to act upon.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Clerk, the reading of the mes-
sage from the President may have the effect of
satisfying the House of the necessity there is of
an immediate organization, as was suggested by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
The message may contain information such as to
convince the House that a Speaker ought to bo
elected immediately, and thereby bring it within
the rule laid down by the gentleman from New
York, as to what was business witlnn the com-
petency of the House to transact in its present
unorganized condition.
Now, as to the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio furthest from me, [Mr. Giddisgs,]
that this is nil innovation upon the practice that
has been pursued ever since the organization of
the Government; it is true that is an innovation,
but i t is an innovation which is sustained and
sanctioned by the extraordinary scene which pre-
sents itself. Here wo have been in session for
four weeks. The President has consulted the j
precedents that have been set him by his prede- j
cessors. During that whole time he has not sent |
m his message. But now, after the House has !
been in session for four weeks, with the prospect
for_air election of Speaker as far off, apparently, f
as it was the day we met, the President, feeling !
the responsibility; that devolved upon him to
perform the duty imposed upon him by the Con-
stitution to communicate to the Houses of Con-
gress, has sent in his message, and it has been
r6c6ivcd«
Mr. ELLIOTT. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me for a moment?
Mr. ORR. Excuse me, I cannot. Why was
it that the President has not sent in his message
before ? It was because he did not desire to make
a new precedent. That is the reason why it was
not sent in ea.rlier. But it seems to me perfectly
obvious—and it seems to me that it must be ob-
vious to the gentleman from Ohio—that there is
a necessity for the President communicating with
this House. Does not the gentleman know that
the foreign relations of the Government can only
be known to the country through the two Houses
of Congress ? The most important duties devolv-
ing upon the Government are connected with its
management of its foreign relations.
It is now two or three months since I heard
through the newspapers that a British fleet was
hovering almost on our very coast, and common
prudence requires that the country should be in-
formed—and informed officially—of the facts in
relation to the report.
It is known to us all that for a year or two ne-
gotiations have been carried on in relation to one
or two matters, in reference to which we should
be informed. It is known that quite recently
some difficulties have arisen between this Gov-
ernment and the British authorities in reference
to the enlistment of foreign troops within our
borders. The newspapers speak of these things,
but we have no official information in reference
to them. I have no doubt the President, under
the responsibilities resting upon him, has felt it
to be his duty to communicate the facts to Con-
gress, so that if harm results to the country from
the non-organization of the House, he at least
might be freed from the responsibility.
It is due to that functionary that we should
reccive Ins message, it is due that functionary
that the message should be read. It would be
discourteous to that functionary to pursue the
course recommended by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] torcceive the
message and lay it upon the table without having
it read. It is true, without doubt, that the House,
in its present unorganized condition, has not the
power to go on and proceed to dispose of it. But
I repeat, that to refuse to receive and read a com-
munication from a coordinate department of the
Government, would be an act of discourtesy upon
the part of the House.
Mr. MEACHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. ORll. It has been suggested to me, and
perhaps I ought to advert to it, that in the early
history of the Government the President commu-
nicated the information which he had to make to
the two Houses of Congress, ore tenus. I believe
the first tune the rule was departed from was by
Mr. Jefferson. That is the information I have
upon the subject.
Mr. MEACHAM. I admitveryreadily,against
the opinions of many of those with whomT am
accustomed to act, that this is a House of Repre-
sentatives; that it is a House for certain purposes,
some of which I will name. It is a House now
to elect a Speaker, to elect its other officers, and
to complete its organization. But in discharging
its duties as a House, it cannot, until a Speaker
has been elected, go on to make provision for the
support of the Army or Navy. It is a House
organized, so far as is necessary to proceed to the
election of a Speaker, Scrgeant-at-arms, Door-
keeper, Postmaster, and all the officers necessary
to complete its organization, but that does not
imply power to go on and receive the President's
message and act upon it.
And it seems to me not a little singular that
the three leading men upon the other side of the
House who have spoken to-day—the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr;] and the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling man]—
should have expressed the opinion that the House
has either the power to receive or act upon it.
Now, what do you want to do? What do you
want of that message when you are not going to
act upon it? Suppose the President should send ]
in here that he had received a spiritual direction !
from above to write a literary performance for !
the benefit of this House'; and suppose that he
should send in the morning an American Beg-
gars' Opera, with the request that it should be
read to the House of Representatives. Would
members say, with the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] that there is no constitutional
objection to our reading, or having read, a Beg-
gars'Opera by President Pierce ? Would they
say, Why not take it; it is simply an act of
courtesy? But what is the use of it? Just ex-
actly the same use, just as much and no more,
than there is in that message which lies on the
table. If you take it merely as an act of courtesy,
let me say, that that is not what we are here for.
Oar duty is to be here as Representatives of the
United States.
A gentleman on the other side speaks of our
having been here for four weeks without having
had any communication from the President of
the United States? Whose fault is it? If there
is any fault, it is with the President. Why did
he not tell us that there was danger? If there
were fleets along the coast, why did he not tell
us at the time, and not wait until they have hid-
den away or gone into wifiter quarters? He
waited for four weeks, and then comes here and
tells us that there is a great deal of danger. What
is it? He will tell us in his message, he says.
Why did he not tell us in his message at the hour
of danger? This is not the time to talk to us in
that language. If there is any fault in our not
having the information, we are not to blame for
it ? That information is to be communicated to
us by the President. It is his duty to do so
You may say that he has done so now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine-, obtained the
floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman from Maine has already
had the floor on this subject Under the order
of the House adopted the other day, no gentle-
man can occupy the floor twice on the same sub-
ject until all those who may desire to do so have
addressed the House. Therefore I ask to now
occupy the time which the gentleman is disposed
to take up with his remarks. I claim the floor
from the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN. I spoke in the time and
by the consent of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.] I now occupy the
floor by the indulgence of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. MeaciiamJ I have only a word
to say. I will detain the House but a moment.
I would ask the Clerk, what is the distinct motion
of the gentleman from North Carolina? I under-
stand him now to say that it is to receive and
have the message read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The message has been
received, and I simply ask that it may be read.
Mr. WASHBURN. It seems to me, Mr.
Clerk, that if my friend from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] will agree with me, it may be as well for
him to withdraw his point of order, and to sub-
mit in lieu therefor the motion which has been
indicated by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Humphrey Marshall,] that the whole subject
be laid on the table. There is certainly no neces-
sity for this message being read. The informa-
tion has already been communicated to the
country.
Mr. MEACHAM. There is no power to do
that thing. We cannot communicate with the
Senate. They do not know that we are organ-
ized. They have no power of communication
with us. What is proposed cannot be done.
Mr. WASHBURN. There is no necessity for
reading the message here, in order that it may go
to the country. It is already before the country.
This is not merely a question of courtesy. If it
were I would make no objection to the reading
of the message.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, the question now
before the House is a simple one, but, one I know,
of the greatest importance. It seems, however,
that gentlemen on this floor take different views
of it. The distinguished member from Kentucky
[Mr. Humphrey Marshall] thinks that mem-
bers of this House have no authority to act until
they have been sworn in. The honorable mem-
ber from New York [Mr. Simmons] assumes that
this House is without power to act until it has a
Speaker. Now, Mr. Clerk, under such circum-
stances, and when we are placed in so novel a
situation as we at this time occupy, it may not be
