842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
please the people to have them. But, Mr. Chair-
man, hofv many of our constituents are so igno-
rant as not to know that to go on with this sys-
tem, is an abuse of our privilege? Very few,
indeed, I take it, compared with the entire popu-
lation; and those who would get these engravings
would prefer, if they could secretly have their
choice, ten per cent, of the cost. Besides, the dis-
tribution of these things clogs the legitimate bus-
iness and takes up half the time of members of
Congress. I intend to introduce a bill, if nobody
else does, to constitute town libraries, or clerks,
to receive all the books to be used as a public
library by the people. They can see what they
are, and being sent directly to the clerks, the dis-
tribution of the works will not consume our time.
This should have been done long ago. We should
have them distributed just as the statutes are
sent all over the country. It has got to be a sys-
tem of electioneering and a corruption fund—of-
fending one half the people and employing the
other.
I shall vote to decrease this book-fund in every
possible way. I am opposed to appropriations
of large sums of money for speculative things
which will be out of date and of no use in a very
short time. What will become of them when
the road is completed? Nobody pretends that
they are to be of any use except for six or eight
years. Then they will be good for nothing.
When we make engravings, I would have them
as De Witt Clinton's name is engraved by the
Erie canal—upon the surface of the country. Let
us, when we do engrave, engrave something that
will last forever.
The question was taken; and Mr. Phelps's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduce
the appropriation to &200.
Mr. PHELPS. There is an amendment on
which the question will, I hope, be first taken.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Flagler]
moved to strike out the words " and the said
maps and drawings shall be engraved to the sat-
isfaction of the Secretary of War." When the
question is taken on that amendment, the gentle-
man from Virginiacan make hismotion to reduce
the appropriation and speak to the general sub-
ject.
Mr. SMITH. Let the question he taken then.
The question was taken; and Mr. Flagler's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduce
the appropriation to $200. The committee will
observe that I strike out the entire amendment of
the Senate. It is an amendment of the most
extraordinary character; and I was happy to hear
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Simmons]
earnestly oppose it—a thing, I confess, which 1
did not cxpect from that quarter.
If we commence here, where, Mr. Chairman, is
this system to end? On looking at the bill, I sue
that there is an amendment appropriating, for the
completion of the engraving ordered by the second
session of the Thirty-Third Congress, the sum of
$150,000. A little further there is an appropriation
of $19,000 for the engraving purposes of this Con-
gress, and now we have under consideration an
appropriation of $49,200 for engraving surveys
across llie continent, which will not be worth the
paper on which they will be printed. I leain from
a gentleman, whose sagacity is well known here,
and who never blunders in matters of this kind,
that they wore made without any authority. But
of what use are they to be ' And is this all the
expense? If we appropriate this $49,200, I will
vouch for it that it will be but the beginning of
appropriations. And of what use is it ? What
benefit will be derived from it ? The gentleman
from New ork has allowed that it will live six
or seven years. It will not live two. It will not
be worth the paper on which it is printed, as I
have already said. I hope the committee will
not sanction it—that it will be voted down. We
have now §220,000 asked for in this deficiency bill
for engraving. There is no, telling where it is to
end. In fact, if we appropriate this $49,200, we
cannot tell what amounts for the same purpose
will be hereafter asked for. Every kind of ex-
penditure will be forced on the public for the pur-
pose of getting these jobs.
Tins is a deficiency bill—a bill which has only
had an existence within a few years past. I war
on deficiencies. I set my face against them,
except in continuous cases. These expenditures
ought to be estimated for; and the Committee of
Ways and Means, when they ask for appropria-
tions to carry them out, ought to furnish us with
the information of what the jobs can be finished
for. I hold that this system of indefinite appro-
priations is eminently at war with all correct no-
tions of public expenditures.
Mr. NICHOLS. It is well that the committee
should understand precisely what effect the defeat
of this amendment will have. I made some state-
ments the other day in reference to this matter of
engraving. This amendment provides simply for
the engraving of the maps necessary to illustrate
the various routes discussed in the letter-press of
the work. It is a large amount, but the defeat of
this amendment goes only to the dispensing with
the engraving of the maps which are to accom-
pany the work, and attaches to no other branch
of the work itself. Now, then, if the publication
of this work is to go on, and is to be concluded,
I think it would be unjust to the officers who have
the work in charge to send it out to the public
without the illustrations by the maps which they
desire to have published.
As to the remarks made by the gentleman from
Virginia, I fully concur with him in the opinion,
that, whenever orders are made for the publica-
tion of works -of this character, the estimates
should, in all cases, accompany the works, in
order that the House may be enabled to act intel-
ligibly whenever it comes to consider the propri-
ety of the publication.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if it will not be in sufficient time to
order these maps to be engraved when the route
is determined upon?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is a question with
which we have nothing whatever to do; and it
is a question which would have properly been
asked in the House of Representatives when they
ordered the work to bo published.
It should have been asked then, and the House
should have decided it upon the vote they gave
upon the motion to print. So far as the mam
question is concerned, the question whether or
not the road shall ever be built, we have nothing
to do with it. We aie consulting in reference
to a work already ordered to be printed by the
authority of this House, all parts of which are in
progress now; and the only question to be determ-
ined now in reference to that work is, shall it
be accompanied by the map illustrations?
Now, one word more in reference to some
remarks made by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps.] The engraving of these maps, I
understand, is a matter of special solicitude with
the War Department. The officers having them
in charge have devoted a great deal of time and
labor in their pieparation. I believe it is the
opinion of the Department that, if the publication
of the maps is refused now, injustice will bo done
to the woik in all its branches; and that the re-
sult intended to be arrived at by the survey itself,
ordered by Congress, and intended to be arrived
at by the order made to print this work, will be
measurably defeated.
As the matter now stands, I am prepared to
vote for this Senate amendment, and I hope that,
if it be sustained, there will be more careful action
hereafter in regard to the publication of works of
this character. As to the engraving ordered by
this House, there has none been ordered <Sf an
expensive character, and no orders to print have
been made which have not been founded upon
proper information brought before the printing
committee as to the expense, where it could be
arrived at.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smith's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
in lines sixty and.sixty-one by inserting "S4,000,"
in lieu of ">49,200."
As I undeistand the history of this railroad
report, it was Galled for by the House with refei-
ence to the probability that Congress would au-
thorize the construction of some railroad to the
Pacific. It is consequently important in two
respects, in connection with that project: In one
respect, that it may. when published, inform the
people of the countiy m reference to the practica-
bility and importance of that route; and m another,
that, by the surveys made, it may inform the
proper Department, so as to enable them to derive
benefit in connection with the general concerns
of the country.
As I understand it, one volume of this book
has already been published. That volume con-
tains descriptions of the country, and its geo-
graphical features, and general remarks suggested
by the person who wrote it. The succeeding
volumes, of which there are to be two or more,
are to contain map illustrations and the surveys
of the engineers.
Now, in reference to the importance of this
publication, so far as information to the people at
large is concerned, it seems to me that the man-
ner in which it is published precludes the ordi-
nary mode of distribution to the people, and
thereby fails to meet that object. Members of
one Congress receive one volume of this work,
and either are not entitled to receive the subse-
quent volumes, or, if entitled to receive them,
have not the opportunity of distributing them.
The members of a subsequent Congress receive
the remaining portion of the work, and not the
first volume, and, consequently, the ordinary
channel of distribution to the country is done
away with, or voided, by the manner m which
the publication has been got op.
Now, sir, it seems to me that, so far as the
engraving of the routes may be of importance to
the Department, or so far as they may be im-
portant to Congress hereafter, when they come to
act upon the question of the construction of a rail-
road to the Pacific, these surveys, in their pres-
ent condition, deposited in the War Department,
will be equally efficient for all the actual needs of
that Department as if they were engraved. They
can, at any moment, be used by Congress, when
the time shall arrive for their use, either as they
now stand, or upon an order to engrave them.
It seems to me, then, that this offers a fair
occasion to put a stop to an expenditure which
has grown up so enormously of late, in connec-
tion with publications of this character. I am
one of those who believe there is equally wisdom
and folly in economy. I believe it is easier to be
foolish in the matter of economy of the public
money than it is to be wise; and, so far as my
vote is concerned, whenever the matter of the
publication of any map which conveys solid and
useful information, or which tends m any degree
to develop the resources of the country, is pre-
sented to this House, I shall vote for it. I shall
vote for it without much reference to its cost, and
with reference only to its importance to the peo-
ple. But it seems to me that this is a large item
to be called for under circumstances where its
expenditure does no immediate and no practical
good; and, therefore, I shall, without any hesita-
tion, vote against it.
Mr. RITCHIE. I want to say, in reference to
one of the objections mentioned by the gentle-
man from Maryland, that a large number of the
members of this House, were also members of
the last Congress; and, besides, books to which
old members are entitled can easily bo franked
to them by their successors, and distributed by
them. I have a word to say in regard to the
engravings of the maps and charts, and that is,
that these engravings are to be not of temporal
but of permanent and increasing value. We
know that maps everywhere throughout the earth
increase in value m proportion to their age.
Many of the most important questions that agi-
tate men arise from the want of settled statis-
tical facts. I do think, therefore, that these maps
ought to be well engraved. I think that the cost
of doing so is but of little importance. I believe
that,live hundred years from this time, copies of
those maps, if preserved , will be of much greater
value than any of the highest estimates amount
to. They furnish a sort of starting point for the
history of the continent. They furnish a com-
plete comparison between different periods of
time, and in that respect are extremely valuable.
I do think that tho appropriation asked for is not
large in comparison with the importance of the
subject on hand. I think, moreover, that the
engravings ought to be executed in such a man-
ner as to be satisfactory to the Secretary of War.
They ought to be under his direction, in order
that the officers who made the surveys may be
able to see that the engraver obeys his orders
with respect to them. I do think that to place
the superintendence of the engraving in the hands
of any other person than tlie Secretary of War,
