1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
would be as absurd as to say that the man who
composed a speech should not have the privilege
of revising the work of the compositor who puts
it in type.
The question was taken on Mr. Harris's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. "WHITNEY. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding to the clause the following
words:
Provided, That the whole work shall not exceed three
volumes, similar to the one already published, and that the
publication shall be completed in one year.
I do not intend, Mr. Chairman, like the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] to
make an assault upon the system of book-pub-
lishing by the Congress of the United States. I
believe that the Government of this country has
conferred a great benefit upon the civilized world
by its researches and publications. I am fully
aware, nevertheless, that much money has been
uselessly squandered on these publications, and
that many works have been printed and distributed
which were not worth the cost of the paper on
which they were printed. This work I regard as
a temporary affair from first to last. The Gov-
ernment very appropriately resolved to survey
a suitable route for a railroad to the Pacific, ana
employed qualified persons to make such survey.
The object of it was not to give information of a
scientific character to the world, but to ascertain,
for practical and immediate purposes, which
would be the best route to unite our Pacific coast
with the Atlantic by a railroad. The report of
that survey is well enough in itself; but a report
of it, covering five quarto volumes, at a cost of
over halfa million of dollars, is utterly uncalled for.
The scientific portion of that report, and all that
is valuable to society and to Government, could
have been embraced—engravings and all—within
the compass of three volumes—of two perhaps,
if the work had been started properly, but cer-
tainly within the compass of three volumes, as
proposed in my amendment. And as the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing has informed
this House, that no contracts have been made
beyond the first volume—or to that effect—and
that contracts for engraving have not yet been
made, it occurs to me that the work may still be
contracted within reasonable limits, so as to con-
vey all the information that is of a useful nature,
and save to the country perhaps a quarter of a
million of dollars. 1 offer this amendment in good
faith, and not for the sake of making a speech.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say one
word about this amendment, in connection with
whatl conceive to be the subject embraced in the
whole section or paragraph. As the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Mace] remarked, it might be
supposed that those who will not favor the ex-
penditure contemplated by this paragraph, are
opposed to any action to facilitate the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad, I wish to say that,
while I shall oppose the whole appropriation con-
templated by this paragraph, I intend that my
action in that regard shall carry with it no such
meaning. There are some facts connected with
the statement made the other day by the chair-
man of the Printing Committee, which cannot
but be borne in mind by every member of the
House. The statement was, that when these
reports were first submitted, an estimate was
made of the expenses of printing. That estimate
was based upon the reports then presented. After
it was made, those who had charge of the prep-
aration of these reports withdrew them, saying
that that was only a portion of them 
Mr. NICHOLS, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man is mistaken. I alluded to that circumstance
as a simple illustration of the system; but it had
reference to a different work—a book ordered
during this Congress.
Mr.- HARRIS. I am very glad to be corrected.
I wish I could be corrected so far as to withdraw
the whole statement, that any officer of this Gov-
ernment acted in the manner indicated by the
remarks of thej°;cntleman the other day. I think,
however, that it is time to put some sort of a curb
on this expenditure. Those of us who do favor
the construction of a railroad to the Pacific must
bear in mind, that if this enormous system of
expenditure be tolerated, it will bring the whole
thing into contempt. It is proposed here that the
very initiatory movement for this road is to cost
about half a million of dollars, m the publication
of reconnoissances and surveys. This, with the
expenditures made by the different corps of sur-
veyors, for travel, instruments, &c.,—expenses
which cannot have been small—would swell the
cost of this initiatory movement to nearly a mil-
lion of dollars. Ancl yet not one practical engi-
neer can sit down now, with all the lights before
him derived from these surveys and rcconnois-
sances, and say whether this particular *route or
any particular route ought to be selected. And
so, notwithstanding the expenditure of these
enormous sums of money, nothing useful has
been produced. It is time to put a stop to it. I
am for putting a stop to it right here now. Any
information that is contained in the reports made
by these gentlemen can be accessible to those who
make future surveys, almost as well by reference
to the manuscripts and copies of the important
portions of them, as it would be by the printing of
these reports. Why, if these gentlemen swell the
reports of these surveys into fiveorsixhuge quarto
volumes, of what possible utility can it be? They
seem to have considered themselves charged with
some special important interest connected with
their personal history. Each one of them seemed
to consider himself a sort of Xenophon writing
an Anabasis of his march across the mountains to
the Pacific, and they embody them in long reports
to be submitted to Congress, and by them ordered
to be printed, accompanied not by mere plats of
the surveys alone, but by maps, engravings, and
fancy sketches. Sir, I am opposed to this whole
thing; and I am for limiting the expenditures
for this printing in such a way as that the work
shall commend itself to the good judgment of the
country, instead of producing a revulsion of feel-
ing by the enormous expenses attending the pub-
lication of the reports of these preliminary sur-
veys. Now is the time to begin, and I am for
beginning here. I hope the whole paragraph
relating to the subject will be strickon out.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move the following as a
substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Whitney,] which is now
pending:
And that the Secretary of War be requested to revise
said reports and explorations, winch are not yet pimted
and engraved, and that he be authorized to omit therefrom
all nairative of personal adventme and such other matter as
m his opinion may not be necessary and proper in determ-
ining the question of the Pacific railroad route.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment, not as
a peg upon which to hang a speech, but as an
amendment which I am persuaded might be ser-
viceable. I think the objection which has been
made to the printing and engraving of the maps
and drawings accompanying these surveys, is not
well taken. I think that the most valuable por-
tion of the work. The comparison which has
been instituted between surveys of railroad routes
in the States, and in thickly-settled communities,
does not apply to this work, which relates to a
section of country wholly unknown, and of which
we cannot otherwise have any definite informa-
tion. On the other hand, we are told that the
letter-press of these reports is likely to swell to
i the extent of six quarto volumes. I am well
I persuaded that there is no real necessity for this
i large extent of letter-press printing in this work:
1 and as we are advised that a considerable por-
tion of these reports has not yet been submitted
to the Secretary of War, I thought that some such
amendment as I have sent to the Chaii, giving
the Secretary authority to revise and curtail them,
as in his judgment might seem proper, would
better meet the wishes of the House than the
amendment which my colleague [Mr. Whitney]
has proposed. I trust the amendment will meet
the sanction of the committee and of the House.
Mr. HAYEN. I do not know that I desire to
say anything upon the general subject of this
amendment, but I would like to know if any
member of the Committee on Printing can tell
the House on his responsibility as a committee
man, anything as to the expense of this engrav-
ing and printing ? Can they tell whether this i
appropriation of $49,200 will begin", or half pay j
for, or complete this engraving? Various gentle-
men have told us what they have heard and what
they have understood, but if any gentleman has
any responsible information upon the subject, I
should be glad to hear it.
Mr. WHITNEY. Why, it is admitted that
this whole engraving will not cost less than
$a30,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh no.
Mr. HAVEN. I am obliged to the gentleman
from New York for the information. What I
want is reliable information. Everybody can
guess. I myself could venture a guess as to the
cost of this engraving and printing, and I should
guess perhaps a little higher than the point named
by my colleague; but what I want to know is,
whether anybody has any responsible informa-
tion by which we can arrive at any approximate
result. I should be glad to know it.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and upon
it I desire to say a few words in reply to the
allusion of the gentleman from. Illinois, [Mr.
Harris,] in respect to curtailing narratives of
personal adventure, &c. It is true that the vol-
ume which has already been published, contain-
ing the report of the exploration of the northern
route, made by Governor Stevens, abounds in
personal narratives of his perigrinations among
the Indian tribes; but I have examined some of
the other reports, and they are confined to de-
scriptions of the country over which the surveys
were made; giving an account of the surveys, of
the mountain passes, of the streams, of the na-
ture of the soil, and its adaptation to the pur-
poses of cultivation.
Now, sir, the House has ordered the printing
of those reports. The volume which has already
been printed relates to the survey made by Gov-
ernor Stevens of the northern route, from St.
Paul's, in Minnesota Territory, to Puget's Sound.
You have published this report in full, and I ask
you whether you would not be doing injustice to
the other sections of the country by refusing to
publish, or by publishing in an abridged form,
the reports of the other engineers of more south-
erly routes for a Pacific railroad? One of the
other routes is from Independence, Missouri, via
Coochatopee, to San Francisco; another is from
Port Smith, Arkansas, via Albuquerque, to San
Pedro; the other is upon the Gila river, upon the
southern boundary of the Territory of New
Mexico, via the Great Salt Lake, to the Pacific.
And now, sir, in reference to the publication of
these maps, I desire to say to gentlemen who are
disposed to so much economy, that they were
silent when the House ordered the publication of
the maps of the explorations made in Chili and
Japan, and of drawings illustrating the natural
history of those foreign countries; and yet, sir,
they object to the publication of the maps of a
portion of our own country wholly unknown to
us—of a section of country which had remained
a terra incognita until these explorations were
made.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
speaks of my alluding to the report of Governor
Stevens, which he admits is more voluminous
than is proper for a mere report of a survey. I
understand that this report has been published,
and that it comprises one volume. I have never
seen it. If it has been distributed, no copy has
come in my way; but if the other reports are esti-
mated to comprise four or five volumes more, I
do not understand how they are not to be quite as
voluminous as the first.
Mr. PHELPS. Besides the surveys which I
have mentioned, there have been surveys made,
which are also ordered to be published, as to the
passes at the junction of the Sierra Nevada and
the coast ranges. I said that those reports were
not as voluminous as that of Governor Stevens.
But, in addition to these surveys which were pros-
ecu ted under the direction of the Government,
the last House of Representatives ordered to be
published the report prepared by Mr. Lander,
who accompanied Governor Stevens, and also the
report prepared by Colonel Fremont, of surveys
made by him. The reports made by the Gov-
ernment officers will not, in my opinion, occupy
one volume each.
But, sir, all this is aside from the question be-
i fore the committee. The House has already
ordered the printing of these reports, and that has
passed from under our consideration. The only
question now for us to decide is, whether accom-
panying these reports which you have ordered to
be printed you will have maps engraved such as
shall be intelligible to those who refer to them.
That is the only question before us.
The question was taken; and Mr. Flagler's
substitute was disagreed to.
