1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
improper to recur to first principles. There was
a time when the Congress of the United States
was to assemble without such a law as that which
now exists on our statute-book in relation to the
election of a Speaker. There was no provision
of law by which the members who were to con-
stitute one or either of the Houses of Congress
were to be sworn in. How, then, was the power
of organization to be completed ? The Constitu-
tion of the United States declared that all the
legislative power of the country should be vested
in the two bodies—the Senate and the House of
Representatives. It declared that the House of
Representatives should be composed of individuals
elected in a certain manner. It is a settled prin-
ciple of parliamentary law, that the very instant
an election has been had, the person who is se-
lected by his fellows to act as tiieir representative
is the representative, and that the privilege with
which he is clothed by the Constitution of the
United States attaches to his person then, and no
officer, no functionary, has the right to disregard
that constitutional privilege. If he do so, it is at
Ins own peril. It attaches to his person before he
is sworn m—before the House has assembled. I
speak of the general parliamentary law as it ex-
isted with respect to the members of Parliament
of Great Britain, from whence we have derived
our own parliamentary law.
The House of Representatives exists by au.
thority of the Constitution of the United States
It is constituted the moment the people of the Uni-
ted States have exercised their power in selecting
their Representatives. It can meet for the ti ans-
action of business only on the day fixed by the
Constitution or'the day fixed by the President of
the United States, acting on his own responsi-
bility. But when they get together, they con-
stitute a House, with full power to act.
The only reason thsft a Speaker is required is,
not thai the House may act; not that the House
may be competent to discharge its constitutional
functions; not that it may exercise legislative
power; but in order that it may act with con-
venience and dispatch. Until there is a Speaker,
in whom certain authority is vested by the House
when it has adopted the rules, no step can lie
taken, no act relating to the transaction of busi-
ness can be done, unless by a direct and specific
vote of the House. In every instance, and with
respect to any step desired to be taken, it is
necessary to take the collected sense of the House
by vote. The election of a Speaker is designed
for convenience; but it is not essential to the ex-
istence of .the House, nor to its transaction of
business. It is essential merely to the speedy
transaction of business, and that is apparent from
the language of the Constitution.
The legislative power is vested in Congress.
Congress is authorized to do certain acts. The
concurrence of the House of Representatives is
necessary to give validity to its legislative acts;
but it is not necessary that such legislative acts,
receiving the sanction of the House of Repre-
sentatives, shall be authenticated by the Speaker.
The House, however, after it has elected a
Speaker, may, if it sees fit, delegate to its Speaker
the right of authenticating its acts and furnishing
evidence of what it has done.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Simmons] said that he was astonished that the
delegates from Virginia, and all those who were
such sticklers for constitutional rights, had not
risen in a mass, it is precisely because those gen-
tlemen and othersupoivthis side of the House rev-
erence the Constitution, and believe in its su-
preme authority, that this motion is pressed. The
act which has been referred to is a mere act of
the three Departments of the Government, acting
in their legislative capacity. The authority of
this House, however, to transact business, and to
act upon all those subjects specially referred to
in the Constitution of the United States, is de-
rived from the Constitution itself; and when, owing
to accident, or to design, or owing to differences
of opinion, the ordinary steps cannot be taken
for furnishing this House with the organ through
which it is usual to speak, the House still is pos-
sessed of all its constitutional powers, and is still
possessed of authority to act. It can act, though
it is compelled to act through the collective sense
of its members and their specific votes at every
stage of every contemplated proceeding.
Now, it is true that the usual course of pro-
ceeding is to elect a Speaker, and then informa-
tion is given to the President that the House is
ready to proceed to business, and thereupon he
communicates with it. But that is not necessary.
The authority to act is derived from the Consti-
tution. That authority can be exercised without
reference to any legislative action. Thatauthority
can at any time be_ exercised; and under those
circumstances, in view of the original character
of this question, it seems to me that it is not only
competent for the House, but that it is its imper-
ative duty, to receivethecommunicationfromthe
Chief Magistrate of the Union, and, after having
become acquainted with its contents, to take such
action upon it as tlicir own sense of duty may
dictate.
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to offer a resolution.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Clerk, I have been try-
ing to get the floor for sometime, for the purpose
of saying a few words. I never permit myself
to entertain opinions that I do not express any-
where, and I felt that, at a time when the'Clork
knew I was upon the floor and addressing him,
he purposely avoided hearing me and assigned
the floor to another gentleman. If Iam mistaken
in that, I ask to withdraw the remark which I
made just now, in reference to the Clerk's in-
clining his ear to the other side of the House; if
I am not mistaken, then I have a right to com-
plain.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs to say that
the gentleman is certainly mistaken.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, then I am satis-
fied.
Mr. W ASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I was sorry
to hear the gentleman from Georgia east a reflec-
tion upon the fairness and impartiality of the
Clerk, because 
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) I am satis-
fied with the explanation of the Clerk, and T
desired to make the statement for the purpose of
having this matter understood, lam perfectly
satisfied, and the gentleman hns no right to ex-
press regret for me. 1 do not ask it. [Laughter.]
Sir, tiie Constitution of the United States de-
mands of tins House of Representatives an organ-
ization. We have been here lor four weeks and,
in defiance of the Constitution, have refused to
organize this House, and have thus paralyzed
the legislative arm of this Government. And
because we have been delinquent in our duty, and
have disregarded the behests of (lie Constitution
thus lon«y, gentlemen say that the President of
the United States has usurped power by coming
in here and doing that which the Constitution
demands of him while we have refused to perform
our duty. i%ay, sir, that it ill becomes rny mem-
ber upon,tlus floor to talk about a usuipaiion of
power on the part of the Picsidont of the Uni-
ted States, when he has simply done his constitu-
tional duty, and we stand here, E may say, m the
midst of revolution,peaceable though it may be.
Now, sir, this is a llonsc of Representatives,
or it is not a House of Representatives; and if
it is not a House of Representatives as contem-
plated by the Constitution, I ask gentlemen what
it is ? In what capacity do we meet here, and
how are we recognized by the Constitution,unless
it be as a House of Representatives5 Otherwise
we are all usurpers here. And if it be true that
we are a House of Representatives as recognized
by the Constitution, J ask some gentleman to tell
me what portion of the Constitution restrained
the President of the United States from commu-
nicating with us from the very hour we assem-
bled here on the first Monday m December, under
the Constitution? I should" like to know how it
is that we arc not a House of Representatives in
the contemplation of the Constitution. This
House has been in session four weeks. The
President of the United States, acting under the
Constitution, and recognizing this organization
under the Constitution, communicates to us, and
gentlemen say that we cannot receive his com-
munication. What sort of condition are we in,
then? We refuse to do our duty under the Con-
stitution, and we say that the President of the
United States, whose duty it is to make known
the condition not only of" our domestic, but of
our foreign affairs, shall not be heard, for this is
the only medium through which he can commu-
nicate with the people of this great country. It
is proposed to put a ^ag- upon the Executive and
to make him emphatically a nonentity.
Sir, the only department of the Government
that stands untouched by this disorganized body,
is the judiciary of the country. Two depart-
ments of the Government are absolutely para-
lyzed by the course we have pursued, and the
only one remaining untouched by us is the judici-
ary. Now, sir, I think it is an outrage upon the
Constitution, upon the rights of the Executive,
and a disgrace to ourselves, to say that we will not
receive that message and have it read, and so let it
go to the country.
Mr HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I rise to
a question of order. In the first plaee, I desire to
know what is the pending question?
The. CLERK. The question is now upon the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] which leaves the subject before
the House as follows: "Will the House enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that the message of
the President of the United States be received and
read
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I wish to corrcct the
Clerk, as he has misunderstood my motion. My
motion was, that the message of the President be
read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That implies
that it was received without objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The message having been
received without objection, I moved that it be
read.
The CLERK. The Clerk of the House, as
well as the Journal Clerk, understood the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to
amend his original motion, so as to make it read,
"that the message be received and read." It
was so understood at the desk.
Mr. MARSHALL. I believe my amendment
comes in lieie—that it be laid upon tlxe:table,
instead of being read. •
Mr. DUNN. I believe I have the floor, and I
insist upon it.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that,
as the suggestion was made to the gentleman
from Kentucky, inasmuch as a jioint of order
was pending, his motion seemecFto be out of
order, he [Mr. Marshall] did not press his
amendment.
Mr. DUNN. These documents, whatever they
may be, have not been received, nor can they he.
The Clerk very properly remarked, both upon
his own judgment, and upon his own feelings of
delicacy, that these were questions which ought
to be decided by the House. There is no officer
here for the reception of documents upon this
floor.
The first duty, and the sole enumerated duty
of this House, m its present condition, is the
election of a Speaker. I state to this House, as
a matter of law, that where one thing is enumer-
ated upon a given matter, all other things are
excluded. That is a leading maxim, and when
our duty is limited, by express provision, to the
election of a Speaker, all other powers and duties
arc excluded, those only excepted which neces-
sarily belong to the discharge of that duty. That
is all 1 have to say upon that point
Suppose, sir, wo had a Speaker here, could he
receive, of his own volition, that document? He
could not, and would have to submit this ques-
tion to the House, "Shall the document be re-
ceived "and that question must be passed upon
cither by silent acquiescence or by vote. If it is
decided by acquiescence, then it is the same as if
voted on. This is the only way it could be re-
ceived. Nothing of that sort has occurred here,
nor is there anything in the existing state of
things to require the propounding of such a ques-
tion. I beg leave to say—I say it upon delibera-
tion, but 1 do not intend to enlarge upon this sub-
ject—that the sending those documents to this
Ilouse, under existing circumstances, is a great
public indecency, and ought to be rebuked. I
say that upon authority. I say it upon the au-
thority of a Government less mindful of the rights
of their Commons than ours is, and more re-
spectful and submissive to those who sit in high
places than ours. The laic is our sovereign. I
will read, sir, from page 59 of the Manual:
" It is expedient, says Hatsell. foi the due preservation
of the privileges of the separate branches of the Legislature,
