108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
the United States under the Constitution. Sev-
eral of the gentlemen whom I have named were
also members of the Continental Congress which
passed the ordinance of 1787, besides beingmem-
bers of the convention and of the First Congress
under the Constitution.
The first Congress met shortly after the form-
ation of the Constitution. Prior to the adoption
of that Constitution, the Congress of the old
Confederation passed an ordinance by which
slavery was excluded from every inch of terri-
tory then subject to Federal jurisdiction. When
the First Congress met, what did they think.
What did those twenty men, fresh from the form-
ation of the Constitution, think of its powei a.
What did George Washington, the presiding offi-
cer of the convention, think ? What did Ja.me®
Madison think ? What did John Langdon think.
Why, sir, you can find their opinions in an act ;
of Congress passed without division and signed
by George Washington, and now in full lorce,
unless it has been repealed by being found to be brows
inconsistent with the compromise of looU. Un
the 7th of August 1789, they passed an act in
these words: .
" Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United
States in Congress assembled, for the government of the
territory north west of the river Ohio, may continue to have
ftill effect, it is requisite that certain provisions should be
made, so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution
of the United States."
And then they went on in two sections to make
a few alterations which were necessary merely
by a change of the officers provided for under
the Confederation. In the opinion of those men,
when they had made those alterations, merely
past, rather thah run the doubtful chance of get-
ting illumination from the new lights of to-day.
Now, sir, what do we want ? What do we ask ?
"We ask that the country shall come back to the
point from which it started. We enter upon no
crusade against any southern rights. We ask for
no new test, no new doctrine, no new experi-
ments, no rash, doubtful, or untried measures.
We are content with the wisdom of the past. W e j
are satisfied with the inheritance and the legacy
which the patriots of the Revolution have left us.
We are willing to take the Constitution as they i
understood it, and the law as they framed and
administered it. Is it arrogance for us to ask that
you come with us there? We ask you to go no
further: we merely ask you to come with us and
take counsel of the departed patriotism of the
fathers of the Revolution. We ask you to listen
to their doings when the wounds of the Revolution
were not yet healed over, when the blood and
dust of the battle were hardly wiped from their
brows, and when their locks were hoary with
the frosts which have fallen upon them as they
stood sentinels round about the camps of liberty.
That ia what we ask, and we are willing to abide
by it; and when we ask that, and when we de-
mand it., how are we met ? We are told that we
are aggressive; and we are threatened that if our
aggressions do not cease, if our tauntings do not
come to an end, and if the spirit of northern fanat-
icism, which is continually making aggressions,
does not cease, this Union cannot be maintained.
Sir, I feel obliged to believe the sincerity of gentle-
men when they get up and talk about northern
aggression, but it is one of the hardest things I
Bound as I am to believe
requiring a change of officers, they thought—per- [ am bound to believe. E
haps in their weakness, perhaps in their folly— it on their word, I have never had the face to go
that they' had done all that was necessary to
adapt the ordinance of 1787 to the Constitution
of the United States. George Washington af-
fixed his signature to that act, and it stands on
the statute-book to-day; and no man can chal-
lenge the assertion, that it was the opinion of
George Washington, (so far as his official acts
are any indication of his opinion)—of James Mad-
ison, who did more to produce the adoption and
ratification of the Federal Constitution, perhaps,
than any other man, with the exception of Alex-
ander Hamilton; the opinion of John Langdon,
of Rufus King, of Pierce Butler, of South Caro-
lina, of Mr. Fewand Mr. Baldwin, ofGeorgia, and
those other men whom I have named—that Con-
gress had power under the Constitution to prohibit
slavery in the Territories. They did it, and their
act has remained, from that day to the present,
unchallenged and unrepealed. Let me ask you,
sir, if, in the history of this Government, from
the time of the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion down to the present day, any President of
the United States haa suggested to Congress that
the existence of that statute was not warranted ;
by the Constitution, and ought therefore to be
repealed? No, sir. And I do not believe that
there will very soon be such a President. I do
not believe that there is a man quite rash enough
at the present day to venture his reputation upon
such an onslaught as that would be on the judg-
ment, the intelligence, and the patriotism of the
Father of his Country, who helped to form the
Constitution, and who signed this very act.
Then, sir,look at the acts organizing territorial
governments ever since; and you will find, with-
out exception, that Congress have taken jurisdic-
tion of this subject, unchallenged—prohibiting
slavery in some cases, regulating it in others.
You will find that in laws organizing territorial
fovernments for even the southern Territories of
lOuisiana and Mississippi, Congress did take
cognizance of the subject of slavery, regulating
and limiting it in those cases and restricting it in
others.
The country reposed in safety, peace, security,
and harmony under this construction of the Con-
stitution, until these latter days, when in the new-
light revelations of the present it has been dis-
covered that Washington, Madison, Langdon,
King, Ellsworth, Gerry, and all their compatriots j
who were engaged in making and administering
the Constitution, died in happy ignorance of
what its essential provisions were. I confess
that, for one, I am willing to take my chance of
home and tell my constituents so; because they
would tell me that, however I might believe it,
they knew better. Sir, they have made as much
Erogress as Mr. Everett had made on the. Ne-
raska bill; they not only know it themselves, but
they know that everybody else knows it; that
there is not only no truth in it, but that the exact 1
reverse is the truth of history, the truth of the
past, the truth of the present; and may God grant
that it shall not be the truth of the future!
Sir, we ask to stand nothing m'ore than your
equals. It has been the fashion of late years to
quote Mr. Webster. Mr. Webster never made
a truer remark in all his life than when he said
there was no North. No, sir; in the history of
this Government there has been no North, except ,
to collect revenues from. You have found out1
that there was a North for that purpose; but in j
dictating the policy of this Government, in con- |
trolling its politics, in appointing its officers, in ,
framing its laws, the dead sage of Marshfield
spoke the truth when he said there was no North.
Well, sir, we should be content for a little while
to take it for granted as a fact of political geogra-
phy, that there was no North, if you would not1
taunt us with it, and tell us that we are aggressive.
Aggressive in what? We have opinions that
we cannot help: we have convictions, we cannot
renounce them at your bidding. We believe that,
for us, slavery is wrong, unprofitable. You have
a different opinion for yourselves. Enjoy it; we
have no quarrel on that account. You believe
that it is profitable; reap all its benefits. You
believe that it is just; enjoy it. You believe that
you are conferring a great benefit on the slaves;
go on in your work of humanity—we will never
interfere. -All we have to say, all we ask, all we
claim, is, that you will leave us the poor priv-
ilege of believing—in our cold northern homes—
that it is not right for us. We ask you that,
while we are members of this Confederacy with
you, bound together by the ties of a common
Constitution for certain great purposes, we shall
not be made amenable to the responsibility of
sustaining, extending, and perpetuating an insti-
tution which in' our heart of hearts we believe
to be wrong. Now, sir, is there any occasion for
quarrel? Our fathers did not quarrel. They en-
tertained these opinions, but they did not quarrel.
As Mr. Webster well said, " Side by side and
shoulder to shoulder they went through the Rev-
olution;" and side by side and shoulder to shoul-
der are their descendants ready to stand again.
But, sir, I ask you, as matter of justice—I put
being mistaken, with those dead fathers of the I it to every southern man who hears me, to try it
in the tribunal of his own heart, if it is right, if
it is fair, if it is just, to have the charge of north-
ern aggression continually rung in our ears?
I hiive now a word or two to say to the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
I shall speak to him more kindly than he did to
me, but perhaps not so eloquently. The Senator
from Tennessee represents his State ably, bril-
liantly—I say it in no Pickwickian sense. He
came here with a very high reputation. I am a
much humbler man, of more moderate powers,
and vastly less pretensions, representing the small
State of New Hampshire. Now, I will put it to
th e honorable Senator from Tennessce, as between
our two States, what harm on earth have we ever
done him? Have we ever injured the hair of a
man's head in Tennesseec ? Have we of the
State of New Hampshire ever withliolden our
appreciation of a public man because he lived in
the State of Tennessee? No, sir; twice in solid
column have the unalterable Democracy, of whom
I spoke to you, gone up in unbroken phalanx
to the polls and recorded their votes for two
citizens of Tennessee for the highest office in the
gift of the Republic. I confess that, with my
reading of history, I am at a loss to discover in
the history of either or both those States a single
iota of evidence that could convict New Hamp-
shire, or one man in it, of injuring, by word or
deed, or even thought, the State of Tennessee,
or a single citizen of that State.
The best way to examine all questions is to
take them in detail—one from the mass, and ex-
amine it. So far as my humble State is concerned,
might I not go through with every State of the
Union and put the same question, and would not
every man be at a loss to gainsay it ? Certainly
he would. Then, I would say, in the language
of Brutus—though I am not going into Roman
oratory—" If we"have offended any man, let him
speak." If there is any man who has suffered
wrong or injustice at our hands, where is he ? I
do not know it. Why not look at this matter in
the light of the truth of history ? Why not lay
aside these angry appeals—why not lay aside
everything except the solid, substantial truth of
of history, and look it right in the face ? When
we do that, I am not at all afraid when we are
tried before any tribunal in earth or heaven, but
that the skirts of our garments will be found
clean of any offense against any of our sister
States.
Mr. President, I read some remarks which were
made by the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Butler,] when the Kansas bill was
under consideration in the Senate two years ago.
I am not able to give his exact wordg, because I
cannot speak so eloquently as that Senator; but
I remember that he said, speaking in regard
to the South, that the South wanted her heart
relieved more than any practical burdens taken
off. I may not have given his very language,
but that, I think, is the idea; I remember it, for I
read it last night in the Globe. Sir, I confess
that when I read that remark, it thrilled my
very heart. An appeal of that sort made to the
North will never be made in vain; but such
has not been the spirit in which gentlemen
entertaining the opinions that I do have been
accustomed to be addressed by gentlemen from
the South. Let me tell you, sir,—and I think I
can speak in behalf of my own State,—that when
an appeal is made to them from the South,*>r the
West, or anywhere else in that spirit, they would
coin their very hearts to buy peace—they would
pour out their very heart's blood like water to
wash out the least and the last offense.
But, sir, I appeal to the truth of history— I ap-
peal to the convictions of every man who hears
me, if we have ever been addressed in any spirit
like that? No, sir, far, very far indeed from it.
I shall not endeavor, however, to awake those
angry passions which I am deprecating, by a rep-
etition of the course which has been heretofore
pursued towards us. I am willing—and I desire-
that so far as past occasions of offense are con-
cerned, they should be past. I am willing that
the dead past should bury its dead; I desire to
live in the present, in the language of the poet—
"Heart within, and God o'er head
mindful of all the obligations which the Con-
stitution, or which our duty, or the demands of
