1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
for it in this case; but I am not satisfied on that
point, and would prefer, therefore, to vote for the
salary without the outfit.
Mr. BUTLER. I learn now for the first time
that this bill comes here by the unanimous opinion
of the committee, which has , not been usually the
case, to allow this compensation during the sick-
ness jof the minister. I cannot vote for that.
When a minister is absent he cannot perform the
duties; but when he is present, how far he may
be disqualified for performing the duties because
he may have the gout, or the rheumatism, or
something else, 1 cannot say. The responsibil-
ity of a minister may exist notwithstanding his
sickness, but I would not set a precedent by
which you could come in and claim on account
of sickness unless there was a suspension of the
duties of the office. It may be so in this case,
and it may not be in others. Iam opposed to
this bill.
Mr. PUGH. I trust the Senate will not agree
to the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
This case, if it is rightly stated, falls within the
rule of the Senator from South Carolina. It is
not an ordinary ease of the illness of a minister.
It is a case of such illness as to incapacitate him
from-performing the duties of his office—wholly,
utterly. In such a case, as the Senator from
California has well said, there is no difference
between illness and absence,and there can be no
distinction made.
Now, sir, as to the outfit. It should be borne
in mind by the Senate, that the rate of compen-
sation allowed by the committee is according to
the former salary, and not according to the pay
as fixed by the new diplomatic bill. The pas-
sage of the consular and diplomatic act rccognizes
the propriety of an increase of salary, and yet
the amount reported is according to the old rate.
But is it true that tins case does not fall within
the former rule? The majority of instances, as
lam informed,—and I certainly have had agreat
many called to my attention,—indicate the prac-
tice to be that the outfit should be allowed. The
Senator from Virginia, and the Senator from
Louisiana, say it should not be in this case, be-
cause there were no extraordinary services. I
beg leave to differ with the gentlemen. If there
ever was a case where a diplomatic officer of the
United States was called upon to perform extraor-
dinary services, it was the secretary of legation
at Paris in 1855. That fact is established by the
report of the House committee in this very case.
I ask the Secretary to read that report, which
' states the whole facts as ascertained by the
House committee.
The Secretary read as follows:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial of Bonn Piatt, E<q., asking compensation for
services rendered by Jmn as charge d'affaires at Paris,
during the years 1804 and beg leave lespectfully to
report:
That they find, upon inquiry and examination of the
records of the Department of State, that Mr. Piatt was ap-
pointed, and entered upon the discharge of the duties of
secretary of the legation at Paris, on the 5th of April, 1854.
That during the month of October, A. D. 1854, Mr. Mason,
our minister at Paris, was absent from his post for fourteen
days at the conference at Ostend, under orders from his
Government, and that he constituted Mr. Piatt charg6 d'af
faires during his absence.
That Mr. Mason waa wholly incapacitated from discharg-
ing the functions of his office by severe illness, from the
26th of December, 1854, to the 1st of May, 1855.
That Mr. Mason was absent from Puns, traveling for his
health, from the 3d to the 11th of September, 1855, during
which Mr. Piatt had charge of the affairs of the mission,
making one hundred and forty-seven days that he discharged
the duties of charge d'aflaiics, for which he has only re-
ceived the salary of secretary of legation.
The committee are informed by several gentlemen, mem-
bers of Congress, and others who visited Paris during the
months of July and August, 1855, to witness the universal
exposition of the products of the industry of all nations,
that the duties of Mr. Piatt during that period were pecu-
liarly onerous and expensive, on account of the great num-
ber of American citizens visiting Paris, to whom the rites
of hospitality were liberally extended.
Although Mr. Mason was at this time personally in
charge of the affairs of the mission, yet his health was so
feeble as to incapacitate him for the physical exertion
required for the attention due to his countrymen. *
ror these reasons your committee believe that no com-
pensation warranted by precedent, or any safe principle,
will reimburse him for the expenses he incurred, or eom-
^6<-phat k m ^or services rendered.
The bill herewith reported is based upon the principle
which appears to be established by usage and precedent, of
K^ins comP®nsation equal to what it would have been
thipvallfi?rtlV8 ihe aPP°intment of charge d'affaires from
the £me period Perfora*ed the dunes of the office during
This is the rale that was adopted by the last Congress in
tile case of Mr. Sanford, who was Mr. Piatt's predecessor
as secretary of legation and charge d'affaires ad interim at
Paris. Your committee, therefore, recommend the passage
of the Mil herewith reported.
Mr. PUGH. I have but a word to add. That
shows the occasion of the extraordinary circum-
stances to which Judge Piatt was exposed dur-
ing a large period of his term of office, If it be
true, as the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Sli-
de ll] has stated, that the Committee on Foreign
Relations in former cases hare gone beyond
what is now considered to be a safe rule, I have
no objection to the passage of a law which shall
provide for future cases, and cut off these allow-
ances; but I certainly do think that it is extraor-
dinary, after Mr. Sanford, who held the same
office at Paris, and after other gentlemen, some
of whose names I have on the paper before me,
have had this allowance, that Judge Piatt should
now be deprived of it. I hope the Senate will
make no such discrimination.
Mr. MASON. I consider it my duty to say
that this case sets a new precedent, one that has
not occurred before, which is the giving of a
salary of a charge d'affaires to a secretary of
legation during the presence of the minister at
the court; but I agree that it seems to be right
to do it because the minister was disabled. As
I said before, there have been numberless cases
where the allowance of the salary of a charge
has been given to the secretary for discharging
the duties of a charge where the outfit has been
denied to him. Here is a new precedent giving
him the difference of salary in a case where the
minister was present; and it is proposed to give
him an outfit at the same time. That is not
within the precedents in any manner whatsoever.
The committee of the House of Representatives
may have thought, as they state in their report,
that because there was an unusual number of
strangers in Pans at the Universal Exposition, or
World's Pair, and the time and attention, I dare
say, of this gentleman were very much taken up
by the duties of hospitality and kindness to his
countrymen, he is therefore entitled to this addi-
tional compensation. That certainly does not
afford a sufficient reason in my judgment, and if
it is allowed it will ex|gnd the precedents very
far.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had occasion, as the Senate
very probably know, in the last Congress, to look
extensively into the precedents in these cases. I
know of no precedent where a secretary of lega-
tion has had an outfit for acting as charge either
in the presence or absence of the minister. The
case of Sanford, I think, must have passed with-
out making a precedent, as things are oftentimes
done here without any attention being paid to it.
There have been cases where, during the sickness ,
of the minister, the secretary of legation has been
allowed the pay of a charge. I believe that was
done in Berlin, when Mr. Hannegan was our
minister, and Mr. Theodore S. Fay, our now
very able and accomplished minister in Switzer-
land, was secretary of legation. Mr. Hannegan
went there, and I am not sure that he was ever
presented. He was sick; and Mr. Fay did all
the duties, and he was paid by Congress, and I
think very properly paid. I do not believe that
Mr. Hannegan ever established relations with
the King of Prussia.
But as to the allowance of an outfit in these
cases, I am inclined to the opinion that no in-
stance has ever occurred where it has been
allowed. I am very sure it is against reason,
against principle, and against precedents, and
ought not to be allowed. The payment of the j
difference between the two salaries, during the
time when the secretary actually served as charge,
I think stands on better ground; for if he did
duty, there would seem to be some reason for
paying him for that time, though I am not fully
informed as to the length of service. I presume
the committee have examined that matter.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will allow me to
name three cases. There is the case of Mr. San-
ford at the last Congress, who was secretary of
legation at Paris. The next case was Mr. P.
0. Barton, secretary of legation under Mr. Liv-
ingston.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. There was no minister at the court when
those secretaries acted as charges, and they were I
in full charge of the affairs of the legation. T
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
that there was no precedent for the allowance of
an outfit.
Mr. TOOMBS. When the minister was ab-
sent. Nor do I think there is a precedent for it,
except in a case where the minister never was at
court, and the case of Sanford.
Mr. PUGH. I agree that there is no precedent
for paying the salary in the presence of a min-
ister. Tq that extent the bill is a new propo-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that it may be proper
to pay the salary in the absence of the minister,
or when he is unable to discharge the duties; but
I favor the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
because the outfit is clearly improper. It is not
only against principle, but against the reason on
which these allowances rest. The allowance of
an outfit to Mr. Sanford was wrong; but this ia
not that case. You are going beyond that. There
the minister was not present, and the secretary
had the entire charge of our affairs, and was at
large expense; he was the chief; butamere tem-
porary discharge of the duty does not imposo
much additional expenses. As for the presence
of persons on that particular occasion, there is
nothing in that argument, except to carry the
bill. I had some opportunity myself of learning
something of that state of affairs. Mr. Mason,
at that time, was very well indeed, and discharged
his duties. I know he was doing so last June
and July, and as late as September. That I am
sure of, for I had the pleasure of meeting him
there.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator misapprehends the
facts of the case. A portion of this time the min-
ister was absent, but not the whole of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Eight days.
Mr. PUGH. I beg the Senator's pardon. The
report states two entire absences.
Mr. WELLER. One absence is from the 25th
of December to the 1st of May.
Mr. BENJAMIN, and others. Oh, no.
Mr. PUGH. Let the Secretary read the re-
port.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. WELLER. What I intended to say was
this: that from the 25th of December to the 1st of
May, not that Mr. Mason was absent, hut he was
not performing the duties of minister.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt whatever
that the sense of the Senate will be to sustain the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia. In my
judgment the bill ought not to pass at all—no
portion of it. I shall, however, make no stren-
uous opposition to the allowance of the additional
salary. It is a very great mistake for gentlemen
to say that there is no distinction in principle,
between the absence and the illness of a minister.
The distinction is broad and clear. Everybody
that has been abroad knows it. When the min-
ister is present at the court, although he may be
indisposed, the responsibility of the mission rests
upon him; the obligations of hospitality, and the
expenses attendant upon the hospitality to citi-
zens of the United States who visit foreign coun-
tries, are suspended at the mission in consequence
of the illness of the minister. If the minister goes
away, the secretary of legation becomes the
chief officer of this Government at the court; and
then it becomes his duty as it were—no very im-
perative duty, but one which probably decency
and a due regard to our position among nations
would require him to perform—to replace the
minister, increase his expenses, and incur that
additional expenditure which has hitherto been
considered a justification for the additional salary.
In this case, with our minister at the court,
his house open, his family there, himself unable
to attend to the duties of hospitality by reason
of illness, there was no necessity, no duty, no
obligation, that called upon the secretary of lega-
tion to open his house or dispense hospitality. It
was a sufficient answer to every citizen who came
abroad and might expect the hospitality of our
embassy, that the minister was ill and unable to
dispense it. The secretary of legation was un-
der no obligation" whatever to assume his place;
whereas, in the absence of the minister, that ob-
ligation does, to a certain extent, devolve on the
secretary. I shall not, however, be fastidious
about this additional compensation, in view of
the peculiar circumstances of Mr. Mason's
illness. It is understood that he was entirely
