lis
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 81,
that neither should encroach upon the other, or interfere
in any matter depending before them, so as to preclude, or
even influence that freedom of debate which is essential
to a free council."
And I understand that one of the very objects
of the gentlemen desiring thatdocujnent to be read
here is, that we may be whipped into a speedy
submission and organization. There is, sir, no
man who has the right to use the rod in this
Hall. . v T . ^
Mr. RUST, (interrupting.)   I wish to ask the
gentleman one question. The Constitution pro-
vides that, under certain circumstances, it shall
be the duty of the President to convene Congress
in extra session. Now, let us suppose this Con-
gress to be convened by the exercise of that ex-
traordinary power, and the President should, for
four weeks, withhold from Congress the motives
which induced him to convene this body, what
would he think ?
Mr. DUNN. If the President were to convene
Congress in extra session, would he have the
right to say who should preside over our deliber-
ations, or the right to dictate the day of our or^
ganization ? That is the point. _
I protest against all usurpation. _ Gentlemen
will say this is a small matter. Sir, small be
ginnings come to groat endings, and I protest
against the smallest commencement of usurpation,
which will, if permitted, grow into such strength
as to walk in here, and say that there is no need
of us.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to read a word or two ?
Mr. DTJNN. I will read all. The extract
from which I was reading proceeds:
" They are, therefore, not to take notice of any hills or
matters depending, or of votes that have been given, or of
ppeeehes\vhieli have been held by the ineniheis of either
of the other blanches of the .Legislature, until the ^ime
have been communicated to them ill the usual parliament-
mf manner."
Us&g4>l sir, in this country has fixed the com-
mon'fk#, propriety,tlignity, and habit upon the
subject; and that is, after an organisation, to in-
form the President that we are organized, ready
to proceed to business, and to receive any com
nrmnication ho desires to make.
Now I will^ead what applies to the subject of
executive usurpation:
"Thus the KinsV'—[and I have said we have no Kin,_
but the law, and I will lobol when it w proposed to set up
one]—" thus the Kind's tnUng nonce of the lull for sup-
pressing soldiers, depending bolori* the Home ; his ptop<w~
mg a provisional clause for a bill ho fine it was presented to
Jinn by the two Houses ; his expressing displcasuie against
mine pornoiw for mutUuw moved in Parliament during the
debate and preparation of a bill, were breaches of privileges;
and it was declared a breach of fundamental privileges to
is'port any opinion or piutendud opinion of the King on any
bill or proceeding depending in either House at Parliament,
with a view to influence the votes of the members."
And that is the answer which I make to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orji] when
lie says that this document may inform us of facts
which will show us tS>e great necessity of imme-
diate organization. fcJir, we are told that the
President desires to avoid having placed upon his
own shoulders the responsibility of the condition
<>f things. I send the following resolution to the
Clerk's desk, to be read when the present propo-
sition is voted down.
Mr. Dunnt's resolution was sent to the Clerk's
desk, but was not immediately read.
Mr, LETCHER. I am not much afraid, Mr.
Clerk, of the rights of the House being usurped.
1 move the previous question.
Mr. RUFF1N. Will the gentleman withhold
his motion for a moment to allow me to 
Mr. LETCHER. [ will not give way to any-
body. I now move the previous question.
Several Membkus. Let tlie resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dew] bo road.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 insist on my call for the
previous question. Let us get one thing done at
a time.
The CLERK announced that the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and that the question now
was, "Shall the main question be put?"*
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division of the House on seconding the call for
the previous question.
The CLERK. In the present state of the
House, a single member can second a call for
the previous question. The question before the
House now is, " Shall the main question be now
put ?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yeas' and
nays on ordering the main question.
[Several Members asked Mr. Letcher to
withdraw his call for the previous question, so as
to allow Mr. Dunn's resolution to be read.]
Mr. LETCHER. As gentlemen all round
here are so very anxious to have the resolution
of the gentleman from Indiana read, I withdraw
my call for .the previous question, on the under-
standing that I do so for the purpose of allowing
that proposition to be read, and for nothing else.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to the withdrawal
of the call for the previous question for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] has a right to withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, if objection be made,
then let it go.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays on ordering the main question
to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew it. [Cries of
"Question!" "Question!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
House was in the act of dividing on 'the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdrew the call for
the yeas and nays.
The CLERK. Yes; but the Clerk understood
the call to be renewed in another part of-the
House.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays on the call for the previous question—
Mr. CRAWFORD. Before tire question is
put, I should like to know on what authority the
yeas and nays have been called for. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] states to
the House that-he withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays on the previous question. I should
like to know, therefore, who called for them.
Mr. LEJTCIIER. I did.
Mr. CRAWFORD. . Very well; then I un-
derstand; and I hope my friends on the other
side of the House will keep their seats, and not
vote for the yeas and nays.
Forty members—more than one fifth of a
quorum—standing in their seats, the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before the yeas and
nays arc called, I desire to ask in relation to the
effect of the vote about to be taken. Suppose
the House refuse to order the mam question to
be now put, what results? 1 understand that the
previous question is asked on the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell.]
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. COBB. Letus understand it,Jhen. What
is the question before the House?
The CLERK. That is the state of the ques-
tion now. [Loud cries of " Question!" " Ques-
tion!"]
Mr. COBB. I have the floor; and I desire be-
fore I quit it simply to understand where wo are in
relation to it, so that gentlemen may vote advis-
edly. I understand that the question before the
House is the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and that upon
that question the gentleman from Virgina [Air.
Letcher] has moved the previous question.
The point to which I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the House is this: Suppose that the main
question be voted down, and that the House
refuse to order it to be put, what then, under the
parliamentary law, is the condition of this ques-
tion ? Does it not go over a day ?
Mr CLING^IA'N. Yes.
Mr. COBB. If so, what become of the other
questions pending before the House and involved ?
I ask my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
to withdraw his call for the previous question.
I can see no injury to result to the House or to the
country from a full discussion of this question.
Mr. WALKER. I made the same point the
other day, and the Clerk overruled it.
Mr. COBB. It is a question which is to be
decided here.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Georgia yield me the floor for a
moment ?
Mr. COBB. With pleasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] will withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question,' I will svithdraw
my point of order, and move, as a substitute for
the resolution of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr Cling.man,] the resolution submitted
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn;]
and on that I will move the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. On that understanding, I
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the withdrawal.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] has a right to withdraw his prop-
osition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, Mr. Clerk 
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) I ask
whether the gentleman from Ohio, who has
spoken once aheady 011 this-question,hasaright
to speak again ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] spoke on that occasion within
the time of another member of the Hou^e..
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] having withdrawn his call
for the previous question, 1 now also withdraw
the point of order which I made.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] has no right to withdraw
his motion for the purpose of giving the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio, who has spoken once
011 this question.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague is altogether
mistaken if ho thinks that I have transferred the
floor to any one. I have not sought the floor for
any other purpose than to move the previous
question; and having done so, I sat down.
The CLERK decided that Mr.'Campbell had
a right to the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the Clerk whether
the gentleman from Ohio has not already ad-
dressed the House on the question now before
us5
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio ad-
dressed the House within the time of another
member.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My friend from Virginia
need not bo under any apprehension as to my
making a speech. I do not propose to address
the House again on this subject. 1 wish to got
to the end of this thing as quickly as possible.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be heard on
tliu question-.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose to withdraw the
question of order which I made, and to move as a
substitute for the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ci.ikgmax] the
resolution sent to the Clerk's desk by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn;] and on that res-
olution I demand the previous question.
[Loud cries of " Let it be read!"]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I want
to move an amendment to that substitute. My
amendment is, that the message be received and
laid on the table. Strike out all after the word
" resolved," and insert my amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 rise to a question of
order. [Loud cries of "Read! read!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMui.lin] will state his point of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. My point of orderis this:
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] has
withdrawn his proposition, and submits instead
of it the proposition of the gentlemen from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunn.] Before this proposition was
submitted to the House, the previous ques-
tion had been moved antp seconded. My point
of order is, that after the previous question is sec-
onded,a second proposition cannot be submitted
to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have submitted but one.
[Loud cries of " Read, read."]
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio is in order, and
the Clerk will now report the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, presented as a substitute
to the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina. The substitute was read as follows:
Ordered, That the packages delivered to the Clerk of this
body on this day, purporting to be a communication from
tiie President of the United States to the House of Repre-
sentatives, be returned by the Clerk to the person wliu pre-
sented the same to him; as this House is not yet organized,
and so is incompetent to receive such communication or
entertain any question m relation to the same.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the motion
on the table,
