"-844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. Whitney's amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of getting a little information about this
matter, I will move to reduce the appropriation
$1,000. I want our friends of the Committee on
Engraving to give us more exact information. I
believe that they can do so. Before I put any
questions to them, however, I will say one word
-in reference to the suggestions of my friend from
Missouri. He says that the information to be
published will not amount to as much for each
route as was published for the northern route. If
I understand the subject, there were five routes
surveyed. The provision was that there were only
to be five routes surveyed.
Mr. PHELPS. There was no restriction.
Mr. HAVEN. How many have been sur-
veyed ?
Mr. PHELPS. Four routes have been sur-
veyed: one from St. Paul to Puget's Sound; the
gecondfrom Independence, via Coochatopee Pass,
to San Francisco; the third from Fort Smith, via
Albuquerque, to San Pedro, on the Pacific coast;
and fourth, the Gila route.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman undertakes to
promise us, that the extent of the reports of the
three other routes will not be as great as that of
the one already published. We have the survey
of the northern route published. I understand
that it does not have attached to it any great
number of engravings. Let the gentleman turn
to the documents which were before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means when they recommended
the appropriation, and he will find, on the second
page of the letter of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, the following language:
"The first volume of the Pacific raihoad surveys lias
been printed and bound ; but the second and third volumes
are now progressing simultaneously, as the matter is pre-
pared for the piuiter by the gentlemen engaged m its
preparation. These reports, it is estimated, will mt/.e six
volumes probably; but this office is without sufficient inform-
ation to indicate the period at winch they will be com-
pleted."
Mr. PHELPS. Captain Humphreys, who has
the matter m charge, says that there will not be
more than three more volumes of the same size
as the one now published.
Mr. HAVEN. Now, when I tun trying to get
at exact estimates, every gentleman gets up and
tells us what he is informed of.
Mr. PHELPS. The reports of Mr. Lander
and Colonel Fremont, which Congress ordered to
be printed, have not been filed at the Department,
and there is nothing known in relation to them.
They were not made under the direction of the
War Department; still, the House of Representa-
tives has thought fit to publish them.
Mr. HAVEN. I am obliged to the gentleman
for the information he has given us I want
information on this subject 1'ioin everybody who
has it; I want exact information. The Commit-
tee on Engraving, 111 whose judgment and research
in this matter I have the greatest confidence, tell
us, through one of their members, that their esti-
mate in regard to the engraving for one of the
three unpublished works is, that the cost will be
from five hundred thousand to six hundred thou-
sand dollars; while another tells us that he is
informed by Lieutenant Gilliss that the engrav-
ings will cost only £19,000. I want to get nd of
these great discrepancies; I want information.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
answer an inquiry addressed to me some time 1
since by the gentleman from New York, in refer-
ence to this amendmen t. He asked as to whether
the sum proposed will cover the whole cost of
the map illustrations ? I will inform the gentle-
man, that when my attention was first called to
this matter I was of opinion, from reading the
amendment, that it provided only for engraving,
without reference to the cost of printing°the en-
gravings. X made an inquiry of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, and he replies to me
that it is to cover the cost of engraving and print-
ing, and provides, and is intended to provide,
and, in his judgment, will provide, for the entire
map illustration. The estimates for the engrav-
ing for this work are large, because they are de-
signed to cover a different class than usual of illus-
trations. There ar,e to be scenic engravings,
engravings of the topography of the country,°of
birds, fishes, reptiles, &c., &c., determined on
before the appropriations were estimated for.
Some of these engravings are already done; and
we only have the estimate of the Superintendent
of Public Printing as to what the aggregate cost
will be. Further than this I have nothing to say
in reference to the map illustrations. I give it
as my opinion, based on what the War Depart-
ment and the Superintendent state, that the appro-
priations asked for will cover the whole expense.
The question was taken; and Mr. Haven's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 move to strike out $2,000
for the purpose of making a suggestion. The
gentleman from Missouri tells us that there will
not be more than three volumes yet to be pub-
lished.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman misappre-
hended my remark. I spoke of the surveys and
explorations under the Secretary of War. I said
Colonel Humphreys stated that there would be
about three volumes of them of the size of the
one published.
Mr. HAVEN. There are four authorized
explorations and surveys. We have published
the northern one. We have now one whole
volume; and I think it is reasonable to look for
as large a work for each of the other routes. All
I can get out of the gentlemen who recommended
this appropriation is, that they are informed by
somebody—not on paper, not in a shape that we
can refer to it by and by, not so that we can be
guided in any way in reference to the subject—
but informed by somebody forthe simple purpose
of forcing the appropriation through now. When
we get no other information than that, and when
it is counterbalanced by the report of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, who declares that, so
far as lie can ascertain, it may probably amount
to six volumes, I submit that the House ought
not to put itself upon so small an allowance in
reference to the volume of the work as the gen-
tleman from Missouri suggests.
Now as to the propriety of printing this kind of
work. The plan of this work I understand—and I
speak now as other gentlemen have done, for I
know nothingabout it—has been changed. These
railroad surveys, I know, were printed last Con-
gress in octavo form, i had them in two volumes,
which 1 got bound and sent home for the purpose
of preserving them. There was a large quantity
of maps in them. Now, why was the form
changed? Now, is it true, as I have heard, that
one volume of the work was commenced in oc-
tavo, and then, after Congress adjourned, thrown
aside, and a quarto work commenced on the sup-
position that the work could go on while Con-
gress was m recess? If so, I would like to see
what authority gentlemen have for putting this
work under the discretion and control of the Sec-
retary of War, or of any officer of this Govern-
ment who has allowed this work to go on under
the circumstances.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will state to the gentleman
facts of winch he is as cognizant as myself. It
is familiar to every member of the last House
of Representatives that one volume of this work
was printed m octavo form; but as complaint
was made to the Joint Committee on Printing of
the two Houses, that the continuation of the
work m octavo form would not do justice to the
reports, the Joint Committee on Printing changed
the work from octavo to quarto form,"and they
did it under the power granted to them by the
joint rules of the two Houses of Congress, to do
so whenever, in their discretion, they deemed it
nccessary to make the change.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, then, it seems that I was
right. It seems that a part of the work—almost
as much as it was supposed in the beginning that
it would amount to—was printed m one form,
with maps engraved for the work in that shape,
and then they threw that aside and took up this
enlarged shape for the purpose—if I-may be al-
lowed the expression, and to use a figure used in
the other end of the Capitol, and to follow out
the suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Printing—for the purpose of engraving and
illustrating bugs, snakes, lizards, and other things
of that kind which were found among the mount-
ains on their route.
Sir, when I say that we ought to hold this
matter down to some very strict responsibility,
and that we ought to know something more defi-
nite when we act upon it, I hope I am not under-
stood as disposed to object to a railroad across
the country, between the Atlantic and the Pacific.
I am in favor of it, provided we do it under cir-
cumstances which commend themselves to our
judgment; and one way is to save to the Treasury
of the country in the matter of engraving and
printing, which perhaps will amount to half a
million, and put that amount into the superstruc-
ture itself, cut I want to say that, as at present
advised, and unless I have more light as to this
item in reference to the deficiency in printing, en-
graving, and binding, which amounts to $690,000,
I shall be compelled to vote against the bill. I
am willing to let them have all they want if they
will tell what it is for, and what it may amount
to when it is done. I am willing to go with the
committee to any extent, for that purpose, but
not in this irresponsible way.
Mr. PHELPS. A portion of the inquiries of
the gentleman from New York have been an-
swered by the gentleman from Ohio. The gen-
tleman himself is responsible for a portion of
this expenditure. The gentleman inquires how
many volumes these surveys will make. The
Superintendent of Printing says he does not know
exactly how many they will make, and that there
may be five more volumes. The gentleman, as
a member of the last House of Representatives,
directed these reports to be printed. The other
day, I had occasion to refer to the resolution which
was adopted by the House, directing the engrav-
ings and drawings, maps, plates, and illustra-
tions, to be printed. I will read it:
" Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the House,
ten thousand copies of the reports and surveys for a road to
the Pacific, made under the direction of the Secretary of
War, embracing the leportof F. W. Lander, civil engineer,
o f the survey of a railroad route from Puget Sound, by Fort
Hill and the Great Salt Lake, to the Mississippi river; and
the report of J. C. Fremont, for a route for a railroad from
the head waters of Kansas river, to the State of California,
with the maps and plates accompanying each of said reports,
necc=saiy to lllustiate them."
That was the order of the House of Repre-
sentatives, made at the last session of Congress,
for the printing of this work, and the only'ques-
tion now for the consideration of the House is, in
what style will you have these maps printed?
Mr. HAVEN. I would ask the gentleman if
the change of form was made before or after the
passage of that resolution ?
^Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from New
York well recollects that these reports were first
ordered to be printed, with a view to use them
during the pendency of the Pacific railroad ques-
tion in the last Congress. The first report, as I
stated before, was submitted in octavo form, and
was placed before the members unbound, for im-
mediate use. Of that report there were one thou-
sand five hundred and twenty copies printed.
However, when the question came up whether we
should print more of them, the resolution which
has just been read by the gentleman from Mis-
souri was introduced, and then the Joint Commit-
tee on Printing decided that a change should be
made in the character of the work, and that it
should become a work illustrating the scencry of
the country, &c. The change was made after the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. My friend then does not make
me responsible. I do not know whether the yeas
and nays were called upon the resolution, and I
do not remember how I voted. But, whether I
voted for it or not, so far from making me respons-
ible, it seems that after voting for the octavo
work, somebody became responsible for putting
these additional six volumes upon the country.
Mr. NICHOLS. There was a lapse of an en-
tiro session of Congress between the making of
the two orders.
Mr. PHELPS. The order for the octavo form
was made at the first session, and for the quarto
at the second.
Mr. HAVEN. The quarto form was made
by the Joint Committee on Printing.
Mr. PHELPS. The power is vested in the
Joint Committee on Printing to change the work
from the octavo to the quarto form, and under
that discretion the work of Lieutenant Gilhss,
the Japan expedition, and these Pacific railroad
surveys, were directed to be printed in quarto
form. That is the way in which this matter
arose.
Mr. HAVEN, by consent, then withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend by striking
out the word " forty" in the sixtieth line. It
