1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
justice make upon us. Thus much we are will-
in? to give ? We will go far, very far, for peace;
but let me say, I am not used to the language of
menace; I am not used to the utterance of threats;
but I tell you that on the subject of human slavery,
we have convictions which we cannot sacrifice—
we have opinions which it were treason to our
moral nature to refrain from expressing on all
suitable occasions. Up to that mark we must
stand. We must say, as those of old have said,
.vhen we reach a point where duty, conscience,
conviction must be surrendered, we cannot go.
We cannot consent to surrender our opinions,
convictions, or sentiments. What then? Must
this Union be dissolved? Sir, I do not believe it.
i do not believe—gentlemen will pardon me if I
say it, for it is an opinion—I do not believe that
the popular opinion of the great masses of the
people of this country is represented, when gen-
tlemen talk quite so flippantly as I have heard
some talk about a dissolution of this Union. I
believe to-day that ours is the strongest Govern-
ment on the face of the earth. I believe that its
foundations are the firmest, the most enduring.
What are they? The popular judgment—the
popular heart. There it is, sir; there is the sol-
emn, the broad, and the everlasting basis upon
which the institutions of this country rest. My
own opinion is, that such will be found to be the
case whenever and wherever infatuation shall be
led to try the experiment. I believe that if, list-
ening- to evil counsels, pushed on by the purposes
of ambition or any other, a party, large or small,
shall be so far forsaken of God and of good coun-
sels as to venture on that rash experiment, the
conservatism, the patriotism, the intelligence, and
the humanity of this great people will teach such
men a lesson which they, nor their children, nor
their childrens' children to the latest posterity,
will forget.
OUR RELATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Senate, February 26, 1856.
The Senate having under consideration the motion to
refer to the Committee on Foreign Relations the Letter of
Lord John Russell, of January 19,1853, in reference to the
Treaty of April 1830, commonly styled the Clayton-Bui wer
Treaty,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, said: Mr. President,
the subject on which I propose to submit some
remarks has lost much of the interest which it
had a few weeks ago, in the general view which is
taken of it by the country; but I think, sir, from
the debate which we heard yesterday, that the
interests connected with the subject, which had
already been rather elaborately discussed, ought
not to be lost sight of, either by the Senate or by
the country.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that there is
some danger, if I may use the language of a lead-
ing journal of this country, adverted to on a pre-
vious day in this debate,—that there is some danger"
that we are drifting into a war}■ and 1 think that
every point connected with the discussion in rela-
tion to Central American affairs, as well as with
to the question which was alluded to yesterday,
deserves the serious attention of every member
of the Senate and of every citizen of the country
who desires to see peace maintained, and at the
same time the national honor protected.
With regard to the matter which was under
discussion yesterday—the enlistment question—
I have no information further than the sugges-
tions which were then made on the different sides
of the Chamber. The facts contained in thecorre-
spondence called for, I have no knowledge of,
except from rumor; and therefore I am not pre-
pared to submit any remarks deserving the con-
sideration of this body, in relation to that subject
of controversy between the two Governments. I
am not sufficiently familiar with the code of honor
which regulates the conduct of Governments
when any indignity has been offered by one to
the other, to form an opinion on the point of
honor involved in the difference which has arisen
in consequence of the violation of our neutrality
laws. From what I have heard of that ques-
I tion, and from what I have some reason to be-
1 lieve are the real facts of the case, to suppose that
a war or any serious controversy can grow out
of it is to suppose, that common sense and reason
have taken their departure from both lands, or at
all events from those who have the management
of affairs in both countries. I cannot tolerate the
idea for a moment that any serious difficulty can
arise from that controversy; although it may be
an irritant which may provoke to serious conse-
quences, before the questions relating to Central
America are settled.
But still, whether on this point, or on the other,
which I consider of more importance, my Gov-
ernment, however conducted, shall involve the
country in a war, I am for my country, right or
wrong.
I propose, before I come to the consideration
of the questions connected with Central American
I affairs, to make some remarks upon the course
of the preceding debate with such commentaries
! as I think are appropriate. As long as the dis-
' cussion upon Central American affairs was con-
! fined to the Senators from Delaware and Mich-
igan, [Messrs. Clayton and Cass,] I had no
great apprehension that the country would find
itself suddenly involved in a war; for it was
! known that the honorable Senator from Delaware,
| the author of the convention of 1850, commonly
called the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, had more than
usual sensibility—but not more than was natural—
to whatever tended to impair its just value and
importance to the country and to the world; and
we all knew that the distinguished Senator from
Michigan was ever ready to fire up, whenever he
supposed he had detected Great Britain in the
practice of her usual grasping and monopolizing
propensity, by seizing upon every inch of terri-
tory in every quarter of the world that promises
to extend her commerce or increase her power.
I had no apprehension of a war while the debate
was confined to those gentlemen—not that 1 had
any distrust of their perfect sincerity or their
] patriotism. Nor had I any misgivings that either
of those distinguished gentlemen would shrink j
from the position which he had assumed, in the
event that Great Britain should refuse to modify
the position sh&had taken in relation to the treaty.
! It was also known that those Senators were
skillful diplomatists; and those of us who had
had no experience or training in the mysteries
of that branch of the public service, could not
know but that the temper exhibited by them, in
speaking of the conduct of the Government of
Great Britain was founded in some policy which
the uninitiated might not properly appreciate.
But the question assumed a graver aspect, when we
heard the remarks of other gentlemen—the Sena-
torfromNewYork [Mr. Seward] and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Foot]—so well known for
their conservative principles in relation to all sim-
ilar questions, and particularly such as threatened
foreign war. The defiant tone, and warlike cast
of the sentiments of such gentlemen, ordinarily
so sedate and circumspect, might well be sup-
posed to have proceeded from opinions deliber-
ately formed, and therefore might well excite some
alarm—sufficient, at all events, to justify other
Senators in throwing off the reserve which they
usually practice upon such questions.
The President of the United States, in his an-
nual message, it seemed to me, stated the ques-
tions in controversy between the two countries
with sufficient force and clearness, and at the
same time manifested a decision of purpose to
maintain the rights of the country under the
Clayton Bulwer treaty, in terms quite strong
1 enough for the occasion; and yet he did not
1 despair of an amicable adjustment of the contro-
, versy.
The two gentlemen who led off in this debate,
[Messrs. Clayton.and Cass,] though sufficiently
bellicose in their sentiments, and manifesting,
plainly enough, that they had no very decided
objection to bringing the controversy between the
two Governments to the arbitrament of the sword,
without any unreasonable delay, should it become
necessary to vindicate the rights of the country,
yet they proposed no measure which would pre-
clude further negotiation. Whatever their real
opinions or feelings may have been, they did not
seem to contemplate that a war must necessarily
follow. . But the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] after a very able exposition of the
points in controversy between the two Govern-
ments, concluded his remarks by announcing the
opinion, that it was neither prudent nor wise to
indicate so great a distrust of the justice of the
positions assumed by the American Government
to submit to the arbitrament of a third party the
questions in controversy, and that the only manly
and safe course left us to pursue was to give notice
to Great Britain, twelve months, if you please,
within which she could, if she chose, abandon the
positions taken by her in relation to the treaty,
or accept the alternative of war.
The gentlemen who have spoken in that tone
may, for aught I know, and for anything the
country can know, have been acting on the
maxim of Sir Jonah Barrington, " that the way to
avoid danger is to meet it plump." The honor-
able Senator from New York may have supposed
that his proposition, if adopted by Congress,
would be the oist means of preventing a rupture
between the two Governments, and of preserving,
I in its full integrity, that treaty which he eulo-
' gized in such eloquent terms, as being so suita-
ble to the age, so congenial with the advance of
civilization, and withal so glorious a recognition
of those fraternal ties which ought to exist be-
tween the two members of the same great family.
But, sir, if such a proposition were adopted, 1
cannot conceive of anything which would more
certainly lead to a hostile collision between the two
countries. Great Britain could not at any time,
and especially not now, when, so far as we yet
know, she is not released from the responsibili-
ties of a formidable war, make the slightest abate-
ment or modification of her position, however
unsound and unreasonable they may appear to
the world, under the direct menace of war, with-
out acknowledging a weakness which would
greatly impair her moral power. Much less
could she, under such circumstances, retreat from
all the grounds she has taken in opposition to the
positions assumed by the United States. Great
Britain stands now in such a relation to Europe
that she cannot, she dare not, under the menace
of war, retreat from any of the positions assumed
by Lord Clarendon in his last communication to
our Minister in London.
And let honorable Senators remember that it is
not altogether safe for this country to assume a
position from which it cannot retreat. If such
a proposition as that of the honorable Senator
from New York should be adopted by Congress,
war, it seems to me, would be inevitable, or ab-
solute disgrace .on our part, if England should
think proper to accept the alternative of war with
honor, rather than of peace with dishonor. No,
sir; however just our cause of quarrel—however
clear the violations of treaty stipulations by Great
Britain—however flagrant her breack of faith,
unless together they amount to such an outrage
on our rights and dignity as to brook no delay,
this is not the precise point of time that I would
select to make the issae of war. I would prefer,
at all events, to wait the developments of a few
months in Europe. At the very time when hon-
orable gentlemen are debating, with a conscious-
ness of the justness of our cause, and our ability
to maintain it, the policy of throwing down the
gauntlet to Great Britain, definitive articles of
peaee may be signed at Paris, leaving Great Brit-
ain free to employ the whole of her vast accumu-
lation of war material intended for Russia in main-
taining her quarrel with the United States. But
should the negotiations now or lately pending in
Paris have no such favorable result, then, it can
hardly admit of a doubt, that another campaign,
prosecuted between the present belligerents, upon
the extensive scale of operations indicated by the
preparations on both sides, cannot close without
kindling a general war in Europe. What may
be the character of that war—what the principles
on which it may turn, who can foresee ? Many
contingencies may arise—1 have not time to point
them out—which may change the whole charac-
ter and aspect of that war. In a very short time
the whole existing phase of European politics
may be changed. Whether any suen change will
take place in the character of that war or not, if
it is continued, it becomes us to consider what
other probable or possible results may follow.
