1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
incompetent to discharge any of the duties of
his office. I shall not be strenuous, I repeat, in
opposition to this additional compensation; but
as regards the outfit, I trust there will be no fur-
ther effort to foist that on the country as a pre-
cedent in these cases.
Mr. WELLER. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order, but I hope
■we shall have a vote on this bill. I think we had
better take a vote on it now.
The PRESIDBNTpro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
strike out so much of the bill as allows an outfit.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 19, noes 13.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
a third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on the passage of this bill. I
understand that it is a new precedent entirely.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clayton, Colla-
rrter, Dodge, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Iverson, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Butler,
Clay, Geyer, Hunter, Reid, and Toombs—10.
So the bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS KENOSHA HARBOR.
Mr. WELLER. I move to suspend the prior
orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 186) to authorize
and facilitate the construction of a railroad and
magnetic telegraph through the Territories of the
United States, from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret very much that the
honorable Senator from California desires to in-
sist on taking up that bill now. I think it my
duty to ask the Senate to proceed with the un-
finished business of yesterday, which is the final
passage of the bill for the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California
to take up Senate bill No. 186.
Mr. WELLER. In arranging the order of
business, this day was specially set aside for the
Pacific railroad bill. An early day this week
would have been assigned for the bills of which
the Senator from New Yorkhas'charge, if it had
not been for the absence of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] Itwas the intention of
those who are arranging this matter, to set an
early day for the very bills which the Senator has
charge of, and now 1 beg of him not to interfere
with the assignment for to-day of the Pacific
railroad.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely say, in regard
to this question—not to consume any time—that
the friendsof these measures find themselves efti-
barrassed in this way; that the Senate will pass
individual bills out of their order belonging to
this class. The consequence is, that very few
bills are passed in their order. While I am as
desirous as any person can be to expedite the
construction of a Pacific railroad, by passing a
bill%r that purpose, yet the friends of the river
and harbor bills conceive it to be their duty, as I
think it to be mine, to ask the Senate to go on
with the consideration of that subject. I call for
the yeas and nays on the motion of the Senator
from California.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the proper order of
business will be preserved, and that the Senate
will go on regularly. I believe the general under-
standing was, that the Pacific railroad bill was to
be taken up to-day.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think there is no
member of the Senate wh o takes a greater interest,
on general grounds, and with a view to the gen-
eral prosperity of the country, in the construction
of a railroad from the Mississippi to the Pacific,
than 1 do. If I had any idea at all that any
such measure would pass the present Congress, I
should allow it to supersede any other business
now before the Senate with the greatest cheerful-
ness, and without the slightest hesitation; but I
have no idea that it is practicable. If that bill
is taken up now, it precludes the action of the
Senate on the series of internal improvement bills
alluded to by the Senator from New York; and
therefore I shall vote against the motion, though
the Senator from California, I think, recognizes
me as one of the most ardent friends of his pro-
ject in the Senate. I think that to insist on it can
answer no other purpose at present, than to set
aside the consideration of the bills mentioned by
the Senator from New York.
I wish further to state, that I would not feel
any very great anxiety about these internal im-
provement bills, though I know there is a great
number of them, but for the peculiar circum-
stances in which the country is now placed in
relation to various other subjects. Under ordi-
nary circumstances, I should feel no very great
interest in having these bills presented to the
President, vetoed, and sent back here, and his
veto overruled by the two Houses of Congress,
as it is likely that it would be. Now, however,
it looks extremely partial, and almost without
possibility of explanation in some sections of the
Union, that a portion of these billshave, through
the instrumentality of their particular friends—
some South, and some North—been passed. I
allude especially to the bills urged by the Senator
from Louisiana and the Senator from Michigan.
Those bills have been passed; those appropria-
tions have been made; and some few others have
already been passed by the Senate. I do not like
the aspect which is presented by a few of those
bills having been selected, and appropriations
made for a few objects, and all the others cast
aside, and treated, as it will appear to the coun-
try, as having been matters of small consider-
ation. I regard the whole subject of the improve-
ment of our rivers, and of harbors on the lakes,
as one of serious importance, about which we
have been contending for the last twenty or thirty
years; and I think it ought to be brought to some
termination. I think that at this session of the
present Congress, in the present attitude of public
affairs, we have a very bad prospect of making
any final adjustment of that question. But in
view of the circumstances which I have stated, I
consider it important that we should go on, and
pass the other bills. If we neglect them, there is
no explanation which can be given to the coun-
try that will be satisfactory. For this reason, I
shall vote against the motion of the honorable
Senator from California.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall be compelled to vote
for the motion of the Senator from California, and
I desire to say one or two words to state the rea-
sons why I shall so vote.
I need scarcely say to the Senate that, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce, I have been
as active and energetic as almost any member of
the committee—I think I may say fully as much
so as any member of the committee—in pushing
forward the business of the committee, so far as
regarded these works for rivers and harbors. But
it is true, as stated by the Senator from Galifornia,
that, at the time when it was agreed that these
bills should be taken up and passed, a majority
of the Senate being decidedly in favor of their
passage, the junior Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] was taken sick and compelled to lfave
the city. He has a large interest, and the State
which he represents has a large interest, in these
bills. He is desirous of being present when they
are pushed. He is desirous of having his vote
recorded on them. I learn from his colleague that
there is every hope of his being here within a few
days.
tinder the circumstances, in view of the arrange-
ments made by a kind of common understanding,
I do not think it is altogether fair that I should
aid in putting off all other business. Anxious as
I am to see these bills passed, I must yield to the
motion of the Senator from California; but, as
soon as Mr. Stuart gets back, I shall urge the
Senate to resume the consideration of these in-
ternal improvement bills, and shall give my vote,
and any little influence I may possess with my
friends, towards having them taken up.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know whether there has been any common under-
standing on this subject; because I regard the
success of this motion, in fact, as fatal to any con-
sideration of the internal improvement bills. Who
are the parties to the agreement, and how came
it to be understood ? The first business in order
is the unfinished business- of yesterday. No man
knows that better than yourself, sir. Thatisthe 
pro per business of to-day. If the Pacific railroad
bill has been made by motion, and is, on the record
as a special order for this day, it must stand aside
for the unfinished business, though amajority
may change the order.
In o w, if there has been any general understands„
ing, I would not seek- to break it; but I never,-
heard of it before. There may be such a thing*.
I regard this motion as absolutely .fated to. any
prospect of passing any other bills. I wish thes.
Senate to excuse my earnestness on this subject,
because of my relation to this question. I say
again, I shall regard it as totally inexplicable,to .
the people of other sections of the Union, if we
pass a few favored improvement bills, and then,
so agree to the arrangement of business here that
none others shall be taken up; or, if taken up, be
at a period too late to receive the action of Con-
gress after they shall have been presented to, the.
President, and he has had the constitutional tenu
days for his consideration of them.
Mr. WELLER. I do not see any necessity'
for the Senator from Tennessee showing any.
feeling on this subject. If he desires to know by.
whom this arrangement has been made, I have
no objection to informing him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I submit to anyr
general understanding, but X have never heard of
it.
Mr. WELLER. I am about to tell the Sena-
tor what is that general understanding, and how-
far it goes, and he may decide for himself how
far it is binding on him. The majority in the^
Senate are responsible for conducting the pubfe--'
business. They held what is usually called'a-
caucus. They appointed a committee of six Sen-
ators having charge of the most important bills--
pending in the Senate, that they might g© and
assign particular days for the consideration of'
each. The Senate has been acting on this ar-
rangement for the last two weeks, and the public
business has been dispatched in the order as-
signed. This day was assigned two weeks ago
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
A movement was made at the same time to set
Thursday, that is, to-morrow, for these other
bills; but, as I said before, in consequence of the
absence of the member from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] who belongs to the committee, it waa
not assigned; and it was the intention of that-
committee—of which I am a member, and there-
fore speak advisedly—to give an early day for
the consideration of those bills. There are some
of them that I vote for; others I do not. When-
ever I am satisfied that the improvement is ne-
cessary for military or naval purposes, I vote for
it; but I do not vote for it where it is necessary
only for commercial purposes.
I have no desire to impede the progress of those
bills. There is not, I am sure, aSenator on this
side who desires to throw any other obstacles in
the way of their prosecution than his votes. We
are prepared to vote. I have no doubt every one
of them will pass, whether you take up this rail-
road bill to-day and dispose of it, or not. I have
no doubt of the passage of all those bills. 1 am
sorry that a little jealousy has been gotten up be-
tween the river men and the harbor men. I shall ,
go heartily for the measures in which the Sena-
tor from Tennessee is more immediately inter-
ested, because I have always voted for them, and
with great pleasure.
Here we are brought in collision with each
other. The Senator from New York is attempt-
ing to break down the order established by the
committee to which I have alluded, and has ob-
tained the aid of the Senator from Tennessee in
that work.
Now, I think the best way of prosecuting the
public business is to go on in the order prescribed;
and as a member of the committee I promise
the Senator from Tennessee that his bills shall
have a fair chance. I think he was unfair in as-
suming that there was no prospect of passing the
Pacific railroad bill. I believe it can pass the
Senate; and although it may be amended in the
House of Representatives, 1 think it can be put
in such a shape as to suit the views of that House.
I have, in other words, strong hopes of ths pas-
sage of the bill. This is my belief; and I hope
the friends of the measure will not despond.
