1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
840
seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that this matter of
printing and engraving has grown to be an abuse
here which ought to be suppressed at once, and
at whatever present inconvenience. I have no
doubt that if wc go on and carry out the plan of
engraving these surveys on the extravagant scale
laid out for us by the Senate amendment, it will
become a precedent for future contracts of the
same extravagantcharacter. If I recollect aright,
sir, about three years ago Congress made an ap-
propriation of $2*50,000 for the purpose of explor-
ing routes for a Pacific railroad. Explorations
were made under that appropriation for these
routes to the Pacific, but I am not aware that this
appropriation has been yet exhausted. It may
have been, and it may not have been. The object
of these explorations was to inform the people
and the Government of the United States, whether
or not there could be found a practicable route or
ing to do with the matter of the letter-press and
the extent to which that should go. That has
been already ordered by a previous Congress.
Am I not right r
Mr. NICHOLS assented.
Mr. KENNETT. The question now, is sim-
ply as to the extent and manner of the engraving;
and it is said there are bu^s, and snakes, and
what not, included. I take it that there is not so
much, perhaps, of that sort of work, as some
gentlemen would induce the House to bplieve.
That there may be drawings of some very rare
animals—whether they have got the prock and
1 guyascutus or not, I have not been informed—
i which some of the young officers engaged in the
1 explorations have found, is likely enough. I
I should be sorry, however, if, for that reason, the
I House would think of suppressing the really val-
i uable information that has been obtained.
| I hope that neither will be curtailed, as has
been suggested here; but that whatever is neces-
routes for a railroad from some point on or near
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,and to
show which would be the best, cheapest, and j: snry m the letter-press to complete the work, will
most convenient route on which to bestow the j be printed, and that the maps and engravings
aid for the construction of such a road, as a
means of communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific States. That appropriation of $250,000,
or a portion of it, was expended on these explora-
tions. The object of the appropriation was to
obtain, and lay before the people, whether, across
the mountain ranges dividing the Atlantic from
the Pacific States, there was an available route for
a railroad.
And what the people want to know, and what
all concerned in it want to know, is, what route
is most practicable in point of cheapness of con-
struction, and which the most convenient and
profitable when made ? They want to know the
elevations, the excavations, the embankments,
and all the facts necessary to test its practicabil-
ity and utility, as well as the probable expense
of such a road. That was the object of the ap-
propriation. It was not. I am aware, to make a
specific survey, and to give definite estimates of
the expenses of such a road, but it was to approx-
imate to them and to determine their practicabil-
ity. The surveys were made by the $250,000
appropriated therefor; but, in publishing to the
people those explorations, the estimated ex-
pense for paper, press-work, binding, and en-
graving, amounts to the extravagant sum of
§557,000 and upwards, of which $'i39,588 is for
engraving. To publish such expensive picture-
books constituted no part of the object of those
who made the appropriations for these explora-
tions—is not one of the legitimate purposes of
congressional legislation. _
The drawings and all that—the mountain
scenery, and the beautiful landscapes—will be !
very fine to look at and fill the eye. The very
few who obtain a copy from their Represent-
atives will be pleased with the expensive pros- j
cnt. So, too, those who get profitable jobs out j
of this extravagant waste of the public money— '
they, too, will be gratified; but all this will not j
redeem the extravagance from the condemnation |
of a scrutinizing constituency, who have a right i
to look to their Representatives for an econom- j
ical expenditure of their money upon objects of .
utility, and not upon matters of mere tawdry I
ornament, however much these may gratify the :
vanity, or fill the pockets of those who are em- i
ployed upon the profitable job. I know there is j
much to say in behalf of this one job. 1 do not !
doubt, as the able and most worthy chairman of j
the Committee on Printing says, that the con- |
tracts for this work are so far advanced towards j
completion, that great inconvenience will attend ,
a denial of this particular appropriation; but still j
I am confident that this inconvenience had better |
be encountered now, than to plunge ourselves j
deeper in the extensive "book and stationery3' i
business into which Congress seems rushing .
headlong. j
Mr. KENNETT. There has been so much j
fancy work done, I think, in these explorations ]
for a. railroad route from the Mississippi valley to i
the Pacific, that it occurs to me it would be a pity j
to stop just here before we get the engravings. I i
should'like to see—particularly as one volume j
has been published at great length of the northern j
exploration—the entire history of what has been i
done laid before the country. But, as I under- j
stand from the explanation given by the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, wc have now noth- i
will be executed in a manner worthy the country,
and worthy such an undertaking as a railroad to
the Pacific. In the octavo copy published last
year, there were, if I am correctly informed, some
lithographs, of which we have a sample on the
Clerk's table, which would be useless in showing
the topography of the country; useless for any
purpose connected with making a railroad; and I
am sorry to say that I think very much that has
already been laid before the country is useless, so
far as the necessary information towards making
a railroad is concerned. Nevertheless, I am for
having it all, such as it is, for it is necessary that
we should be as fully informed as the nature of
the case will admit. I cannot see the bearing of j
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, that the j
$250,000 which was appropi'ated for making
these surveys, have been expended, and not much
accomplished, on this question of printing the
maps and engravings. These are valuable. I
examined them in company with one' or two
members of the House, yesterday. So far as to-
pography goes, and giving the line of the route,
they are very necessary, and I hope we shall
have the information as full as possible.
The question being on Mr. Wade's amend-
ment, it was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I want to propose
• another amendment, by way of testing the sense
of the committee. I move to amend, m line fifty-
eight, by striking out the words ''and draw-
ings," so that it will read, " to provide for en-
graving maps," &<*., leaving the clause just as
it now stands, with the exception of those words.
Mr. KENNETT. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he has seen the panoramic
drawing of the face of the country along the line
of this route ?
Mr. HARRIS. I have not. I have never seen
a copy of the volume that has been published,
nor have I seen anything conncctcd with these
reports.
Mr. KENNETT. There are some panoramic
drawings, and if the gentleman could see them,
I am satisfied he would be exceedingly anxious
to see them engraved, and put into the work.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, sir, nearly the,whole
discussion upon the subject of this amendment of
i the Senate has contend upon this one item, which
1 have proposed should be stricken out; and, as
no motion has yet been made to test the sense of
the committee directly upon this item, it seems
to me proper that such a motion should be made.
Since I have arisen, I have been informed that
all the engraving for the drawings has been exe-
cuted, and that nothing will be saved by striking
out the appropriation for that item. If such be
the case, I shall not insist upon my amendment.
Mr. SMITH. Do I understand that the work
has been done for which the §49,200 is required?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir. I said I was in-
formed that the engraving for the drawings had^
been done. I have since understood that none ot
it has been done. I shall, therefore, insist upon ^
my amendment, and hope the committee will |
adopt it. _
Mr. FLAGLER. To show the effect of this
proposition, it would be well to refer to the letter
of the Secretary of War upon which this whole
appropriation was founded. Ihis letter states j
that there arc twenty-eight maps covered by this i
appropriation of $49,200, and those maps he esti-
mates will cost $3^,009. The rest is for drawings,
which the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois proposes to strike out the appropriation for.
As the gentleman from Missouri has remarked,
there are certain panoramic drawings which it is
very desirable to have engraved; and the whole
cost of the drawings we are informed will be
#11,200.
Mr. HAVEN. To what document does the
gentleman refer?
Mr. FLAGLER. To the letter of the Secre-
tary of War, in which he makes the recommend*
ation for this appropriation of $49,200. It ap-
pears, as I said, that there are twenty-eight maps,
and ten of the more important and elaborate draw-
ings of views taken from all the reports, geolog-
ical maps, &c. These are what it is proposed to
engrave, and their entire cost, as f am advised,
including that of printing, is estimated at about
£50,000. That is the question before us. * We
have nothing to do with fancy sketches in that
report. That question is not before us; and I
submit, therefore, that, so far as that is concerned,
the discussion has been somewhat irregular.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to modify my amend-
ment so as to strike out the same words, 44 and
drawings," where they occur in the latter part
of the amendment, so as to have it precisely as
it now stands, with the exception of the draw-
ings.
Mr. KENNETT. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. I think, from the explanation just
now given by the gentleman on my right, [Mr.
Flagler,] it ought not to prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Cleik then reported the twentieth amend-
ment, as follows:
To enable the Secretaiy of State to pay to the clerks in
his office, of class lour, the same compensation as was paid
to the same class ui other Executive Departments, from
the 1st of July, 1853, to the 30th of June, 1&35, inclusive,
$2,178 76.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the appro-
priation to §2,500. I offer the amendment, merely
for the purpose of saying a word in explanation
of the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon the amendment. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence. It is to pay to
certain clerks in the Department of State an in-
creased compensation from the 1st of July, 1853,
until the 30th of June last. The Committee of
Ways and Means concurred in the construction
of the law given by the Secretary of the Treasury.
In justice to those concerned, however, I desire
to have the letterof the Secretary of State, recom-
mending the appropriation, read, remarking again
that our committee do not concur with nim in
the recommendations made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no law,
authorizing it.
Mr. PHELPS. There is none. It is for in-
crease of comncnsation where Congress did not
authorize the increase at the time the subject was
before them. I ask that the letter from the Sec-
retary of State may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of State, April 2, 1856.
Sir : In looking at the report of die Committee of Ways
and jVIeau^ upon the amendments to the deficiency bill
adopted by the Senate, I observe that the committee do not
recommend a concurrence m the twentieth, amendment,
which provides for the pay of certain clerks in this Depart-
ment, of class Jour, at the same rate of compensation as
wa.s paid to clerks of the same grade in the othwr Executive
Dcpaitmeiits, from the 1st of July, 18o3, to the 1st of July,
1808.
It is apprehended that the Committee of Ways and Means
have adopted tins eom.-e without being fully informed of
the grounds upon winch that appropriation was inserted fay
the Senate upon the teconimendation of the Committee on
Finance. I beg, therefore, to inclose a copy of my letter ta
the Senate Committee on Finance, in vvhieh are contained
the pounds upon winch the appropriation was requested.
After that letter was written, it was discovered that, by a
cluneal error, the sum mentioned was insufficient, and the
increase from $1,778 76 to 8*2.178 76 was accordingly made.
ir is 5.0 simply an act of justice to enable me to pay to the
clerks refeired to the airears for winch this amendment
provides, that I am convinced the committee upon areview
of the subject wili be ready to recommend a concurrence
m the Senate amendment. The duties performed by the
clerks contemplated m the amendment have, during the
whole period specmed, been of the most arduous and re-
sponsible character, and yet the compensation they have
received has been only that of third-<*lass clerks. I tru5?t
