1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question.
[The greatest confusion prevailed, most of the
members standing on their feet, and half of them
addre&sing the Clerk or the House.]
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. How can
the gentleman from Ohio move the previous ques-
tion when I am upon the floor. I ,do not yield the'
floor for that purpose.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man from Ohio submitted a motion for the pre-
vious question before the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was upon the floor to submit his amendment,
and that the motion is properly before the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. Why, Mr. Clerk, I ob-
tained the floor and submitted my amendment
before the resolution was in a condition where a
motion for the previous question could be enter-
. taincd. The resolution had not been read at the
Clerk's desk, and was not properly in the pos-
session of the House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio ob-
tained the floor regularly, and submitted his res-
olution, and moved the previous questiomupon it.
Mr. MARSHALL. He did obtain the floor,
and accomplished his purpose, so f;ir as the
offering: of the resolution was concerned; I then
submitted my amendment, and it could not be
cut off by a motion for the previous question
now. [Calls to order and confusion.]
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man from Kentucky is out of order. If, how-
ever, the gentleman is not satisfied with his de-
cision, he will submit it to the House for its
decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to inquire
of the Clerk if the effect of the previous question,
if it be sustained, will not be to cut off the sub-
stitute?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly, that must be
. its effect, under parliamentary law, under which
we are now acting. [Ciies of " Thai's riirlitl"
and "Nn!"]
^ The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the construc-
tion given by the gentleman from North Carolina
is in accordance with the usages of the House
when acting under parliamentary law.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a point of
order. 1 understand that the question, as it now
stands, is upon the resolution submitted by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clixgman]
and that offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] as an amendment.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Substi-
tute.
Mr. COBB. No, sir, there is no such thing
as a substitute known to parliamentary, law. It
is an amendment. I say the gentleman from Ohio
offered his amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute, if you please, and upon that moved the
previous question. Now the point of order I
submit is, that the question cannot be put upon
sustaining the call for the previous question so
long as there is an amendment pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Oh, no! the
gentleman is mistaken there.
Mr. COBB. No, sir, I am not mistaken.
Gentlemen will find upon examination that there
is no doubt as to the point I have named. Gen-
tlemen have the Manual before them, and can
examine it for themselves. I know that the
practice has been different in this House, but the
Manual is explicit upon the point. The ques-
tions must be put to the House in the order in
which the motions are .made. When there is an
amendment pending, and the previous question is
moved, the question cannot be put upon sustain-
ing the previous question until the amendment
has been disposed of. Gentlemen will find the
authority upon this point upon page 98 of the
Manual, under the head of "Fourth Ci(^." It
says:
u Amonument of the main question first moved, and after-
wards the picviou-? question, the question of amendment
must be first put;"
and gentlemen will And a table of precedents
showing that I am right in the point of order
which 1 have taken.
Mr. STEPHENS. If my colleague will allow
me—under-parliamentary law, when an amend-
ment is pending, and a motion for the pievious
question is made, as he has stated, the question
must be first put upon sustaining the motion for
the previous question. If it is sustained, the
question will then be upon the amendment, which
must be decided, uncler the previous question,
without further debate, the same as the main
question itself.
Mr. COBB. If I understand my colleague, I
think he has placed a wrong construction upon
the parliamentary law. It is explicitly laid down
in the Manual that the question must be first put
upon the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is after the previous
question has been ordered.
Mr. COBB. No, sir; you cannot put the ques-
tion upon ordering the previous question while
there is an amendment pending. You cannot
apply the previous question to an amendment at
all. The main question is upon the original
proposition, and does not apply to an amendment
at all. If gentlemen will examine parliamentary
law, they will find this question pretty fully dis-
cussed in the Manual.
The order suggested by my colleague is pre-
cisely that laid down in the rules of the House
of Representatives, which we have lierctofoie
adopted—rules which were adopted to prevent
such a state of things precisely as we find now
to exist. They provided that when the previous
question was moved upon a resolution and amend-
ments, the previous question should first be or-
dered, and the question then taken first upon the
amendments pending, and then upon the original
proposition. The construction urged by my col-
league would make the -rules of the House,
which arc an invasion of pailiamentary law, piu-
ciscly*the same in this respect as the parliament-
ary law itself.
Mr. STEPHENS. T concur with my col-
league that the rules of the House tire in this
respect in exact accordance with parliamentary
law. 1 can account for it only on the supposition
that some gentleman, must, have given to parlia-
mentary law, when the rules were framed, the
same strange consliucUon which my colleague
has given it.
Mr. COBB. I am perfectly willing that the
House should give it the construction which my
colleague gives it, if gentlemen will agree to
that and allow the effect of the previous question
to be the same as that given it in the rules. [Cries
of Agreed!"] But that is not my judgment of
the proper construction to be given to parliament-
ary law.
But, Mr. Clerk, I am not going to avail myself
of the opportunity which I have obtained from
possessing the floor, upon a point of order to dis-
cuss the general question. I have submitted my
question of order, and if gentlemen agree to give
the matter the construction suggested by my col-
league, I am content.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the House will allow
me for a moment, J desire that we should act un-
derstandmgly upon the subject. If gentlemen
will turn to the Manual they will find the whole
question pretty thoioughly discussed. On page
103 it says:
On the whole I should think it best to decide it ab in-
convenienti, to wit: which is the nio-^t inconvenient, to
put it in the power of the House to defeat a piopo-itiouby
hastily moving the previous question, and thus forrins the
main question to he put unamended, or to put it in the
power of the other !-ide to force on, incidentally, at iea&t a
discussion which would he better avoided."
Mr. COBB. Very well; read on. -
Mr. CLINGMAN. It goes on to say:
" Perhaps the last r-? the lea-t inconvenience : inasmuch
as the Speakei, by confining the divu--.;on ntroroiMy to
the amendment only, may prevent then jroni'i euo the main
question,and inasmuch a'*>o, ps^o «r";if a proportion ol th''
ea->c- m \vhi>-h the pi< viou?- question is< called tor rue lair
and pioper subject of public di-eu^ion, and Oiisrht not to
be olMiueled by a formality mtioduced for questions of a
peculiar character"
It was decided by the last Speaker, when the
House was acting under parliamentary law, that
the previous quest ion cut off ail amendments, and
the Manual would seem to support that construc-
tion.
Mr. COBB. My friend from North Carolina
will perceive that this discussion applies to the
question, whether or not the previous question
may be considered as mowd, or at what time it
may be considered as in the possession of the
House, after it has been moved and s( coiid -d
simply, or not until it has been stated by the
Chair.
[ care nothing, however, about this construc-
tion. I am perfee'ly willing—1 am perfectly con-
tented that the construction claimed by the gen-
tleman from Georgia shall be adopted, that the
question shall be first taken upon ordering the
previous question, then upon tne amendments,
and then upon the original resolution itself. I
believe the point of order I have submitted will
be sustained by parliamentary law, but if there
is no objection to the construction given by the
gentleman from Georgia I am content.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied with that
construction. [A general assent to the proposi-
tion was expressed.]
_ Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] who submitted the substitute—for whoso
usual justice and impartiality I am willing to
bear witness—-to the nature of the proposition he
has submitted'. I ask him whether it is in ac-
cordance with his usual candor and fairness to
submit a proposition of so important a nature as
that submitted by him this morning, and then to
move the previous question upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state loMhe gentle-
man that I am very anxious to see this House
organized; the country is anxious to see the
House organized; and, from what we have seen
here this morning, 1 take it for granted that the
President is exceedingly anxious that we should
organize. In order, therefore, that we might dis-
pose of this matter in some form or other as
speedily as possible, and proceed with the elec-
tion of Speaker, I have moved the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire, then, to ask the
Clerk what is his decision upon that motion?
Does he decide thai the gentlemanfrom Ohio had
the right, after submitting his proposition, to
move the previous question before taking his
seat?
The CLERK. The Clerk decides tint the
gentleman from Ohio had the right to submit the
previous question, and that the question, before
the House is, " Shall the ;uiain question^be now
put'" W
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope that I will be par-
doned by the Clerk and the House if I take an
appeal from that d( cision.
The CLERK. The Clerk has made no decis-
ion in favor of the gentleman troyi Ohio. He
merely suggests that he is in order. The Clerk
submits tiie question, asohjcction has been made,
to the decision of the House.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Has the
call for the previous question received a second?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that it has
been seconded.
Mr. McMULLIN. I may be mistaken, but I
do not think that it has.
Mr. MA lISHALL. If it has not, then I beg
the Clerk to understand that I now second it, and
1 also move the amendment which I have already
indicated.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am entitled to the floor.
I gave notice that if the Clerk made the decision
which has been mentioned, that I would take nn
appeal. I wish to say a few words on the ap-
peal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
a question, and it is this: What would be the
effect of a motion to lay the whole subject on the
table? [Loud cries of, " No "Meet the
question fairly!"]
The CLERK. The motion to lay the whole
subject on the table is in order.
Mr. CARLILE. After the call for the previous
question has been seconded, is the motion to lay
on the table in order ?
Tiie CLERK. 'Che Clerk thinks so; but there
seems to bedouot outho question. On reflection,
fho Clerk is of opinion that the gentleman from
Virginia made his point of oider before the call
for the previoi s question received a second. Ho
will now state the point to the House, it is,
whether th" motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] is in order. The Clerk will
not attempt to decide the question himself, but
will leavo us decision to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it competent for me to
dis cuss the point?
The CLERK". The Clerk thinks not.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not wish to detain
the House with an\ protracted discussion, but to
merely submit a few words pertinent to the ques-
tion now immediale]v under consideration
