840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
that this statement will induce your committee to recom-
mend the inconsiderable appropriation which the Senate
has inserted.
Very respectfully, W, L. MARCY.
Hon. L. D. Campbell, Chairman Committee of Jfays and
Means, House of Representatives.
Department of State,
Washington, January 12,1856.
Sir: By the construction of the Treasury Department,
the 1st section of the act of the 22d of April, 1854, " to
amend the 3d section of the act making appropriations for
the eivil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the
year ending 30th of June, 1854," was restricted in its
application to the three lowest classes of clerks m this De-
partment, to the exclusion of those of lliu highest class.
The pluaseology of the lstsection of the act of the 22d of
April, 1854, is, " all clerks not provided for m this act, per-
forming the same or similar duties with any one of the
classes, shall receive the same compensation as is allowed
to such class." As the clerks in this Department were not
then classified, and as it was distinctly understood that this
provision was introduced for the purpose of paying to these
clerks the same rates of compensation as was paid to the
clerks in the other Departments, " performing the same or
similar duties," I made a requisition accordingly, embra-
cing the clerks of all the classes.; but the interpretation of tiie
Treasury Department, already alluded to, excluded the
clerks of the highest class from the benefits contemplated in
the 1st and 4th sections of the act.
Consequently, all the clerks in the other Departments,
and all the clerks of the three lowest classes m this Depart-'
ment, have been paid the increased salaries provided m the
act of the 2-2d of April, 1854, from the 1st of July, 1853, while
the clerks of the fourth class in this office have rcccivcd
their increased pay only since the 1st of July last, according
to the classification of the act of 3d of March, 1855.
This classification did not change the duties of any clerk
embraced m it The clerks who have not been paid the
salaries corresponding to their duties are—the translator,
the agent, the claims clerk, and two diplomatic correspond-
ing clerks, whose salaries fiom the 1st of July, 1853, to the
1st of July, 1855, have been no greater than those of their
assistants—that is, of third class clerks, or £1,600 per annum.
I trust that you will see the piopnety of making provision
for the salaries ot these gentlemen, according to theimpoit-
ance of the duties they have pertoimed, winch are of the
highest grade. The amount necessary is $1,778 76. An
amendment to the deficiency bill to the following effect is
respectfully suggested, in order to accomplish the desired
object:
" To enable the Secretary of State to pay to the fourth
class clerks in his Department the same compensation as
was paid to fourth-class clerks m the other Departments,
from the 1st of July, 1853, to the 1st of July, 1855, the sum
of ^l^S 76 i* hereby appropriated."
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant.
(Signed) W. L. MARCY.
To the Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, Chairman of the Committee
on Finance, United States Senate.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the twenty-first amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
For salary of the circuit judge of California, §1,487 50.
Mr. PHELPS. During the last Congress we
provided for the establishment of a circuit court in
California, and .that the salary of the judge should
be $4,500 per annum. His term of service com-
menced on the 3d of March, a year ago, and
there is, consequently, a deficit in this year's ap-
propriation. This is merely to cover his salary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk reported the twenty-second amend-
ment, as follows:
For compensation for clerical services performed in the
office of tlie United States Legation at London, from De-
cember, 1852, to August, 1853, $1,000.
Mr. PIIELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment. It is proposed to pay to Henry
Cronchey, a British subject, $1,000 for the per-
formance of clerical services for our Legation at
London.
Mr. BROOM. It is right.
Mr. PHELPS. I think it is right; but this is
not the place for it. This man is entitled to his I
pay, but it is a private claim, and ought not to be '
provided for in an appropriation bill. The money
is to pay for services for the Legation atLondon; ,
and Mr. Cronchey was dismissed from his em- !
ployment under this Administration's circular, ■
that none but American citizens should be era' i
ployed in and about our foreign Legations. You i
nad to come to a Democratic Administration to !
have that order issued. Mr. Cronchey is en-
titled to this pay for services performed under the
direction of Mr. Ingersoll. But this, as I have
already said, is not the proper place. I would
cheerfully vote for a private bill to pay him this
money.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know what the gen-
tleman wants to make out of this amendment in
the way of politics; but I can only say the report is
that they turn out American citizens here because
they are Americans, and turn out foreigners
abroad because they are not American citizens.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. MAXWELL. I want time to consider
the point of my friend from New York, and I
therefore move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw the point, rather
than that the committee should rise. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MAXWELL. I withdraw my motion.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the twenty-third amend-
ment, as follows:
For fitting up and furnishing the court-rooms and con-
ference-room, and olhces for solicitor and clerk of the
Court of Claims, $8,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, the Committee of Ways and Means
could not concur in the Senate amendment, inas-
much as this was not to be the permanent place
for holding the sittings of the court. They were
under the impression that, if the money were ap-
propriated, it would be lost by a change of place
by the court. But I understand that $2,500 have
already been expended for fitting up the necessary
rooms, in which the court holds its sessions, and
that $500 more is all that will be required for the
rooms selected. I therefore suggest that the ap-
propriation be reduced from $6,000 to $3,000.
Then, 1 think the appropriation will meet with
the approbation of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand the fact about
this to be, that along suite of rooms was prepared.
Mr. PHELPS. I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read, with the gentleman's permission, a letter
from the clerk of the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well; while it is going
up let me say this: Undoubtedly the suggestion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania w*ould be j
correct and sufficient, if it were not for the fact j
that the court appropriated its contingent fund
of some $2,000 to provide a place to hold its ses-
sions. When I came here they were sorting and
consorting together in an old lumber room at
Willard's Hotel. When the wing of the Capitol
was far enough advanced for them to go there, j
they went, and with their contingent fund they j
had furnaces put up, so that they might hold their ,
sessions there with a proper regard to their health, ji
I suppose one object they have in asking for this
large sum is not that they want to fit up the rooms,
but to restore their contingent fund.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that the ap-
propriation of #3,000 will be sufficient for all the
necessary purposes at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter from the clerk of the Court of Claims.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Court of Claims,
Washington, February 14, 1S56.
Sir : On the 2d day of October last, m compliance with
a request leceived from the acting Register of the Treasury,
1 transmitted to him air estimate ot thf expenses of the
Couit of Claims for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857.
In that estimate were included the two toUowrng items:
Stationery, fuel, gas, printing, labor, and miscellaneous
items $1,825 00
For fitting up and furnishing the court-rooms,
confeience-room, offices of solicitor and clerk.. 3,000 00
With respect to these two estimates, they were made
before I had any experience to guide me. Since making
them, however, my experience ha-- been such as to convince
me that my estimates were altogether too low.
Since occupying the rooms assigned by the Senate for
the use of the court, I find the quantity of fuel consumed
so great that three times as much, at least, as J estimated,
wilt be required foi the winter n- e.
The expense of printing and labor, especially that of
printing, will be very much greater than I anticipated. On
a caret ill review, tlieiefore, guided by my experience thus
far, the item earned out jjj'1,62.3, should be as much as
§3.000.
The estimate for fitting up the rooms was made before I
was aware thai so man> would be requued,or of the extent
ot' the furniture and fixtures needed Eight room* will be
necessary tor the accommodation of the court and officers.
The looms were taken, uuder the resolution of tlie Senate,
entirely destitute o( furniture of any descnption, and they
wcie to be provided with furnaces for warming them, fur-
niture, and fixtures foi the accommodation of the sessions
of the court, tlie libraries of the judges and the solicitor, and
the numerous files m the custody of the clerk. A part of
these have been obtained. To complete what will be
necessaiy, judging from the expense already incurred, will
require, in the whole, $-6,000.
The comt has diiected me to submit this revision of my
former estimates, as without it much embarrassment might
ensue.
Allow me to call your attention to the concluding remark
in my communication of the 2d October, in winch I state,
that this last sum will be needed immediately, and therefore
cannot properly be included in the estimates for the year
ending June 30, 1857.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, SAMUEL H. HUNTINGTON,
Chief Clerk Court of Claims.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
The question then being upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania, to
strike out " six" and insert " three,"
Mr. McMULLIN called for a division.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope we will not divide
upon this question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, I withdraw the call
for a division, as there appears not to be a quo-
rum here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For that very
reason I insist upon it.
A division was then had, and the Chair an-
nounced there was no quorum voting.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. JONES. That motion is not in order.
The rule requires that when there is found to be
no quorum voting the roll shall be called.
The roll-was then called, and the following
members answered to their names.
Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Uendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Brenton, Broom, Buffmton, Jame-3
H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Cmuthers, Ca&kie, Chaf-
fee, Ezia Claik, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Covode, Coy,
Crawfoid. Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Day,
Denver, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfce, Emrie, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Giddings, Goode,
Granger. Greenwood, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moriison
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hoffman, HoUovvav,
Thomas It. Ilorton, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, ICelsey, Kennett, Kid well, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Mat-
teson, McCarty, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Morgan, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peek,
Pelton, Perr>, Pertit, Phelps, Pike, Poripr, Pi ingle, Quit-
man, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Kitchie, Rufiin, Sabin, Sa«re,
S;ipp, Scott, Sewaid, Shouei, Simmons, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan. Tappan,
Thurston, Trafton, Ttippe. Underwood. Wade. Wakeman,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, ElMiu B. VVa<hburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Winslow,
Wood, Woodworth, arid John V. Wright.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Stanton)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the Senate amendments to the defi-
ciency bill, and having found itself without a
quorum had caused the roll to be called, and had
directed him to report the names of the absentees
to the House.
No quorum having appeared,
On motion by Mr. FLAGLER, (at five minutes
after three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jipril 10, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens
of the counties of Gallia and Lawrence, in the
State of Ohio, praying for the establishment of
a mail route fro in Gallipolis to Quaker Bottom,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions from the State of Ohio,
praying that measures may be taken for the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific ocean; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Har-
rison Sargent, a volunteer in the late war with
Mexico, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
the heirs of Samuel White, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the memorial of William Carey Jones, praying
for compensation for services rendered as confi-
dential agent of the United States, to investigate
titles to land in California, to report the same
