1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask my friend if
it was agreed upon in the committee of which he
speaks?
Mr. WELLER. What?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. WELLER. It was agreed that it should
be taken up. Most of the committee were op-
posed to the bill, but were quite willing to give it
a fair consideration. Of course there was no
agreement that it should pass.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am sorry to hear
it was not decided by them to pass it.
Mr. WELLER. By no means; there are
some members of the committee opposed to the
railroad bill; but they were just men, and were
willing to give a day for the consideration of it.
They were willing that I should have it passed
if a majority of the Senate desired it, although
they could not vote for it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will my friend
allow me to make a single remark ? How could
he go into such a committee without the friends
of the measure ? He must depend now on out-
siders, who had no knowledge of that committee
or its proceedings, for the main support of his
bill.
Mr. WELLER. I had to depend on the ene-
mies of the bill to give me a hearing at all. I am
not able to get it from my friends. I am in that
position now. I am asking the friends of the
measure to aid me in taking it up, and I am com-
pelled to rely on the enemies of the bill to give me
a fair trial before the Senate, and pass it if I can.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
California has got into a difficulty, I peiceive,
but it is because he has enlisted lumself m an
extra-judicial and irregular committee outside
of the organization of the Senate. I am main-
taining the action of the regularly-constituted
committee of this body. I am willing to go with
him for his bill, notwithstanding he has taken the
aid of the enemies of the bill in that way, or out-
siders; but 1 really think the interests of these
river and harbor bills is prejudiced by every
day's delay. We have already passed three of
those bills out of their order. There is so large
a majority here in favor ofthem,thattheir friends
get them up out of their order, and to-day we
have passed still another—making four. I do
not see why wo may not as well go through with
them in their regular order, as they stand on the
Calendar, instead of beginning at the other end
and going backwards. If that shall be settled as
being the proper course, 1 can remove the diffi-
culty in this ease by beginning at the end of the
Calendar and going backwards; but I prefer
.going forwards.
Mr. TRUM BULL. Mr. President, I rise for
the purpose of enteiing my protest, as one mem-
ber of the Senate, against the mode m which it
is now avowed that the business of this country
is to b(! carried on. It is stated that a majority
of the Senate are responsible for the legislation
of the country, and that they have met together
m caucus and determined what shall, and what
shall not, be taken up. Now, sir, I protest tigainst
such a course of action. That majority of the
Senate might as well expel the minority as to
adopt it. It has been disclosed now, that the ma- i
jority who arc controlling the business are op-
posed to the measures which are passing the Sen-
ate. How is it witli these very river and harbor !
bills—these appropriations which are asked for j
improvements in the country? I do not know1
who was in this caucus, nor when and where it
met; I know nothing about its secret proceedings; i
but very probably a majority of that caucus are
opposed to all these bills, and they may adopt a
course there n hich will prevent their ever coming
up.
Suppose that some of us in the minority are I
charged with local business peculiar to our lo- '
calities. We can never bring it forward in the
Senate, because, by pre-arrangement among the i
majority, they have determined that no meas- I
ure, however fair, however just, shall be per- j
mitteil to be brought up here, unless they allow ,
it. rhe minority do not enter these secret cau- J
cuses. They do not go there to make known j
the wishes of their constituents, and the claim !
or demand there may be for the passage of a local I
bill. lh« time of the Senate is parceled out by |
the majority of the body, so that other measures
can never be brought to the public consideration.
T wish the country to know this. I wish it to go
out and be understood, that all who do not co-
operate in a particular class of political views, or,
if you please, all who are not in favor of a par-
ticular person for the Presidency, are not only to
be proscribed upon your committees, but the
business is to be so arranged by a secret, uncon-
stitutional, irresponsible caucus, hidden from
public view, that others can bring no measure
before the Senate for its consideration. Now,
sir, I have myself very few matters of a local
character. I have never asked the Senate to take
up any measure at my suggestion. There is one
that I would beglad to have taken up, and I de-
signed at one time asking the indulgence of the
Senate to take it up; but with what prospect of
success ?
I hope, sir, that no person in the minority here
will cooperate with the motion of the Senator
from California to take up the Pacific railroad
bill. If these matters are to be arranged in cau-
cus, let the Senator from California rely on his
caucus friends to take up his bill—I will not say
to pass it, because I shall at some time myself be
glad to aid in taking up that bill, and I do not
wish anything I may say to be regarded as hos-
tile to it. But I think it right and just that the
appropriations which are asked for the public
improvements in the West should be treated
fairly. I do not believe it right that a particular
bill, because it may be favored by a Senator in
the majority, should have precedence, while bills
in which they feel no particular interest are to
be laid aside, and give place to other questions.
I shall, at a proper time, be in favor of taking
up the Pacific railroad bill, and acting upon it;
and I hope that some measure may be passed at
the present session to facilitate the construction
of that groat work—to make a commencement, at
least. I hope we may fall on some plan which
will bo feasible, and constitutional, and just to
all parts of the country; but I should not be
willing to let it be brought in here to crowd out
the business which properly comes up to-day;
and particularly do I object to its being done
under the secret operation of a caucus composed
of a majority of the Senators.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] seems to discover
something very extraordinary in the fact that there
has been a caucus here. Did he never hear of a
political caucus being held before? Is not the
Senator well aware that that is the usual course
of a majority ? They are responsible for the pub-
lic business. The majority of the Senate were
anxious to adjourn at a very early day. They
•saw that the business of the Senate was con-
ducted in such a manner day after day, that it had
become almost impossible to do anything here.
We were discussing one day the Navy bill, the
next day the Kansas question, and the next day
Kansas in some other shape or form, and then
Central American affairs and the Clayton-Bul-
wertreaty. We have had various bills discussed
here day after day, and then postponed for weeks,
in order to debate some now question. We saw
it was utterly impossible in this way to terminate
the session before the middle of September. The
majority, I say, then, who were responsible for
that business, appointed persons, notfor the pur-
pose of prescribing what should be taken up and
what should not be taken up, but for the purpose
of setting days for the consideration of those
great public measures which were then pendin<*
before the Senate. Is there anything unconst?
tutional in that? Is there anything like that des-
potism of which the Senator from Illinois speaks ?
Is this a proscription of the minoiity ? Is there
any attempt on the part of that committee to say
to the Senator from Illinois, " You shall not take
up your bill, because you do not belong to the
majority ?" Sir, all they have ever assumed to do
is simply this: to prescribe the order in which
the great public questions that now agitate the
Senate shall be disposed of. In the arrange-
ment of this business they have assigned this
particular day for the consideration of this bill.
I will inform the Senate, too, of another agree-
ment in that secret committee, and that is this:
that when a bill is taken up it shall remain before
the Senate until it is disposed of by a vote. We
determined to breakdown that practice which, in
the early part of the session, had obtained gener-
ally on these bills. Thatis apart of the arrange-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to present a point to him.
Mr. WELLER. I am going to present that
point to you. I said awhile ago, that we were
about to set a day for the consideration of the
bills for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
No day has yet been set; but, as I said, from
what took place in the committee, in my judg-
ment to-morrow would have been assigned fo r
these very bills. They have been taken up out
of their order. They were taken up yesterday,
because the business which had been assigned for
the day preceding was disposed of. It was an-
ticipated that the fee bill of the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] would have occupied the
attention of the Senate much longer than it did.
That bill was disposed of. These bills then came
up. They stand here as the unfinished business;
but it is no part of the regular assignment which
has been made. That is the point which I sup-
posed the Senator from New York desired to
make, and I have that explanation to make to the
Senate in regard to it. But I am falling into the
habit of some much older Senators than myself in
consuming time in discussing what you shall take
up. As a general rule, we can pass half a dozen
bills while we are discussing which one shall be
taken up for consideration first. I shall be sat-
isfied with the vote of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely wish to state that
the bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Kenosha, Wisconsin, is the unfinished business,
that we ordered it to be engrossed yesterday, and
the question is now on its passage. According
to parliamentary law, according to the regular
law, according even to the law which is estab-
lished by this committee of a body which is out-
side of the Senate, that is the proper unfinished
business.
Mr. WELLER. If it came in the right way,
it is right enough; but I do not want it to come
in at the side door.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday comes up, unless the
Senate otherwise direct; but it is the duty of the
Chair to put the question on the motion of the
Senator from California.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to submit a few
lemarks on this subject. I am not a partisan of
any presidential candidate. What I am about to
say is not intended to apply to any one of the
candidates for the Presidency. I purpose to take
no part in' the controversy pending before the
country on that subject. I expect to support any
man who may be elected President in all that he
does which is right, and to oppose him in all that
he does which is wrong, according to my best
judgment. This is the political platform which
1 have hud down for myself, and by it I intend to
be governed. Others may consider it a novel one -,
but after a long public life I have made up my
mind to be the slave of no party.
Now, sir, in connection with this remark, let
me say that, although I know from long experi-
ence in the past that party caucuses are some-
times, and for some purposes, held to be indis-
pensable, they often produce great mischief by
foreclosing discussion and prejudging questions
of great interest to the country. The conseqence
of a caucus decision generally is, that gentlemen
hold themselves bound by it; and when arguments
are addressed to their understandings here which
but for the caucus would have the effect of con-
vincing them, and bringing them to a different
vote, they still adhere to their party's decision.
They would hold themselves thrown out of their
party lines if they did not adhere to it. I have
seen much mischief coming from this source; and
I desire now, on this occasion, to enter my protest
against these caucus prejudications.
There is much force in what has been said by
the honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] on this subject. In the party caucus it is
impossible that these questions can be discussed
with the consideration and ability with which
they are treated in the Senate. Gentlemen voto
in a party caucus on a very brief consideration of
the merits of questions; and afterwards, when
they come here, no matter what may be the
strength of the argument which is addressed to
them.against the party decision, they hold them-
selves bound by it. The effect, I say, often has
