110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2G,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
We could predict with more certainty what
those results may be, but for the very extraordi-
nary qualities and-endowments of the mail who
now presides over the destinies of France—the
controlling spirit of the war—the man of mys-
tery, so far as we can yet see, rather than the
man of destiny—a man whose future policy and
purposes are as impenetrable, and even more so,
than the secretof the man of the iron mask. We
can know nothing more of his plans and policy
than so far as we see him actually engaged in the
accomplishment of them for the time being. We
know that he has had the address to lure Great
Britain into the war against Russia. We know,
sir, that he has already accomplished an object
■which was essential to him—he has revived the
glory, and reestablished the prestige of the French
army, and'thereby confirmed the national feeling
that placed him on the throne of the great Napo-
leon. We know that he has made himself the
arbiter of Europe for the present. We know,
sir, that he is so far committed lo the Russian
war, that, if it is not concluded now in a manner
Satisfactory to him, he must prosecute it until the
power of Russia shall be effectually crippled, or
until she shall be disposed to become his ally in
• the accomplishment of plans yet to be revealed.
But, sir, whatever may be the ultimate results
of the war now waged in Europe, and close when
it may, now or a year hence, is it improbable
that the entente cor Hale, which is said to exist
now between England and France, may be con-
tinued, at least, until they shall have made the
attempt—on an extensive plan of operations—to
check what both those Governments consider
" the dangerous growth and aggressive spirit
of the United States?" I throw out these sug-
gestions merely for such consideration as they
deserve.
Mr. President, if we want & pretext for a war
with Great Britain, we can find it in the conflict-
ing views and interests of the two Governments
under the Clayton and Bulwer treaty.
I cannot pass over, or forget the sentiment of
the honorable Senatorfrom Michigan, that greater
evils can befall a country than war—I presume he
meant foreign war; nor can I forget the signifi-
cant manner in which that sentiment was uttered.
1 concur entirely in that sentiment. A people
long unused, to the practice of war, having no field
for hardy enterprise of any kind, are apt to become
enervated, and are prepared to be the submissive
slaves of a domestic tyrant, or an easy prey to
an invading foe; and the vices and corruptions en-
•gendered, especially in a free country, by a long
peace and uncommon prosperity, are but too apt
to create fectiona dangerous to the public liberty.
I trust, sir, that the condition of this country pre-
sents a type of neither of these cases. I do not
think that the condition of this country be
included in either category; nor do I suppose that
the honorable Senator has any such idea. Still,
I cannot shut my eyes to the conclusion that that
distinguished Senator, experienced as he is, and
a profound observer of public affairs, may have
had some allusion to other circumstances in the
condition of the country, of the results of which
he may have serious apprehensions.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
allow me to correct mm, He will pardon me for
saying that I do not-perceive the precise applica-
tion of his remarks. The sentiment which I ut-
tered before, and repeat now, is, that war is a great
evil, but that there is an evil greater than war, and
that u national dishonor. That is the sentiment
I uttered. I took that point without reference to
anything else.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope 1 shall be
excused for coming to the conclusion at which I
arrived. Why, sir, what an idea! I could not
have supposed that the distinguished gentleman
thought it necessary to urge the argument to the
foenate, that war was a less evil than national dis-
honor. I could not have supposed that there could
ever be a doubt on such a proposition as that!
No, sir; come what may, whatever disasters
naayresult, should the present differences between
the Government of this country and Great Brit-
iun reach a point where the national honor can
only be vindicated by war, I shall be with the
honorable Senator from Michigan. Sir, I have
seen it hinted in foreign journals that it was prob-
able that the Government of the United States
thought it expedient to get up an excitement on
the subject of a war with Great Britain, in order
to heal internal distractions; and I will confine
my remarks to those foreign suggestions, what-
ever may have been the allusion of the honorable
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASS. I hope my honorable friend will
put me out of the question. I said expressly (and
he will so find it m my speech) that war was a
great evil, but that there was an evil greater than
war—national dishonor. That is all I said on
that point.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The falling of the
voice of the honorable Senator at the close of
his statement, must have prevented me from
hearing the conclusion. It is well enough, how-
ever, to consider this question in reference to
what is said abroad. If tne alternative were fairly
presented to me—the alternative of intestine or
foreign war, I would a thousand times prefer a
foreign war, whatever calamities, in the trial of
the chances of it, might befall the country. And
it is not only abroad that suggestions have been
thrown out upon this point. I heard similar
suggestions here. I have heard the question re-
peatedly asked: what, under the present circum-
stances of this country, could happen more for-
tunate and better calculated to revive the spirit of
union and nationality which animated the coun-
try in-1776, than a foreign war? Does the hon-
orable Senator think there is no force in such
suggestions ?
I only express an individual sentiment, Mr,
President, when I say, that my feelings revolt
from the conclusion that there is no other remedy
! for the domestic evils which threaten us but a
' foreign war. Eternal reproach—and no man here
can escape from it—will fasten upon the names
and memories of the men of this day in any posi-
tion of authority or influence, who shall suffer the
symptoms of internal broil now existing in the
country to fester until they shall come to a dan-
gerous head. What has my friend from Michigan
to say to that? He occupies a great and respons-
ible position in relation to these internal dissen-
sions. What will he say or rather, what will
he do ? What will he propose ? Can a man who
has achieved such a fame as he has done, as a far-
seeing and enlightened statesman, be quiet at such
a time as this, consistently with the renown which
he has already acquired as a leading, a pure, and
patriotic American statesman ?
Mr. President, however menacing to the inter-
nal peace of the country, circumstances, in its
condition, may appear, I still have faith that the
impartial and vigorous exercise of the powers of
the Federal Government, seconded by the patri-
otic feelings, the common sense, and discretion
of the Senate, of Congress, and of the whole
country will save us from that greatest of all
calamities—intestine war. j
Now, sir, having this confidence, I am free to
proceed, withoutany extraneous bias, to the con-
sideration of the subject under discussion the
differences which exist between the Governments
of the United States and Great Britain in reference
to the Clayton and Bulwer treaty and Central
American affairs.
I beg leave to say, Mr. President, that I shall dis-
cuss the questions presented by the subject under
consideration freely. I think I have a just appre-
ciation of my duties to the Government; but, when
it takes a position on questions involving the peace
and welfare of the country, I shall assume the right
to express my judgment untrammeled by any false
deferenoe for the course or opinions of others. I
shall not be overawed or silenced by the sugges-
tion that we ought to show no divisions of opinion
at home—implying that we must«ustain the posi-
tions taken by our own Government, to whatever
consequences they may lead. I shall discuss
the question with a freedom altogether uninflu-
enced bv the suggestion which has been thrown
out in the course of this debate, which amounts
to this: that, when a few gentlemen choose to lead
ott, or when the Executive chooses to lead off, on
such a question as this, whatever may be the di-
re0"0™^ they propose to give to it, we are all
bound to follow, in virtue of the allegiance we owe
to our Government.
Mr. President, at this stage of the discussion,
it cannot be expected that I should enter into any
critical examination, historical or geographical,
of the origin of the claims and pretensions of
Great Britain to any territorial possessions or
dominion in Central America; I do not think it at
all important or material to the conclusions to
which the Senate and the country ought to come
upon this subject.
It may concern the honor and character of
Great Britain to show that her possessions and
pretensions are not founded in a contempt of pub-
lic law, or in violation of treaty stipulations entered
into with Spain when she held the sovereignty
of the country, and that they have not been
wrongfully wrested from the feeble republics
which succeeded to the dominion of Spain. That
is her concern, not ours. What concerns us is,
to inquire what were the possessions and preten-
sions of Great Britain in Central America at the
date of the convention of 18.50; what they now
are; and how far there has been any failure on
her part to comply with the engagements of that
convention.
At the date of the convention of 1850, Great
Britain, a powerful nation, having the ability to
maintain her pretensions against any or all the
States of Central America, claimed the control of
what is called the Mosquito coast, on the Carib-
bean sea, including the town of San Juan. This
possession and control she claimed in the name
of a personage denominated the Mosquito king,
and in virtue of a protectorate which she had
assumed over the Mosquito Indians at a long
anterior date. It is certain, at all events, that^
under the color of authority assumed under
this protectorate, she did, in the year 1848,
forcibly expel the authorities of Nicaragua from
the town of San Juan, and exhibited, by other
acts, her determination to maintain the control
of the Mosquito country, the extent of which
does not appear to have had any well-defined
limits, but extending from the town of San Juan
several hundred miles north along the coast from
that town, and a considerable distance into the
interior. Besides the Mosquito country, Great
Britain, at the same time, held the possession
and control of a tract of country lying between
the Siboon and the Sarstoon rivers, of some one
hundred miles or more in extent, on the eastern
coast of Guatemala, one of the States of Central
America, and within her limits. The possession
of this territory appears to have grown out of
the gradual intrusions of the wood-cutters and
other settlers of British Honduras, or Belize, in
which Great Britain acquired a limited or qualified
right of possession and control, within certain
specified limits, under a treaty made with Spain
in 1786. In addition to this territory between
the Siboon and Sarstoon rivers, Great Britain, at
the date of the treaty of 1850, held the possession
of Roatan, or Rattan, the principal one of the
group now known as the Bay Islands, some
twenty or thirty miles off the coast of Honduras,
and said to have a fine harbor. Such were the
pretensions of Great Britain in Central America
at the date of the convention.
_ Mr. MASON. W^ill the Senator allow me to
interpose for an instant, to correct his statement ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. With great pleasure.
Mr. MASON. I do not think the Senator will
find that Great Britain has at any time, recently,
at least, asserted any dominion in herself over
the Mosquito coast. I think he will find, on the
contrary, that Great Britain has disclaimed any
dominion; but she has asserted that, because of
the existence of some protectorate on behalf of
the Mosquito Indians, she is under obligations to
maintain the dominion of the Mosquito king—not
her own dominion; and when Great Britain, as
she certainly did in 1848, dispossessed the public
force of Nicaragua of the town of San Juan, they
hoisted a flag which Great Britain alleged was the
flag of the Mosquito king, and not her own flag,
and saluted it with British guns.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am much obliged
to the honorable Senator; but I will say, that I
did not undertake to address the Senate on such
a question as this without looking carefully into
the point suggested by him; and I shall have occa-
sion to show, in the course of my remarks, the
sort of authority Great Britain claimed the right
to exercisc over the Mosquito country at. the data
