120
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
December 81,
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from Virginia is out of order.
'Mr FLAGLER. Is it order to move that
the President's message, together with the various
propositions that have been offered in connection
with it, be laid on the table ? _
The CLERIC- The motion is m order, inas-
much as the Clerk now understands that the call
for the previous question has not been seconded.
If the gentlemanwill allow the Clerk, the question
of order raised by the gentleman from "Virginia
will be first settled.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the point of
order.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from New
York persist in his motion that the entire subject
be laid on the table.
Mr. FLAGLER. I do.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. FLAGLER. I want it understood that I
include in my motion the message of the Presi-
dent.
Several Members. That is included.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, Mr.
Clerk, that the motionwould imply that the mes-
sage has been received.
The CLERK. That is the understanding of
the Clerk.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I think
that it implies that we leave the message out of
doors.
The CLERK. Tho Clerk thinks that the mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Clerk, I want to
move that the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] as introduced by the gen-
tlamanfromOhio, [Mr. Campbell,] belaid on the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that motion in order?
The T3LE11K. The Clerk thinks, as the call
for tlifs previous question has not been seconded,
that tMjnotion is 111 order.
MrMHIR. I desire that the papers shall all
be reacTDefore I vote on the motion to lay on the
table. [Laughter.] I call for the reading of the
papers.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, under
tho parliamentary law, any member can call for
the previous ifuostion, and, like any other motion,
it requires but one person to second it. By ex-
press rule of the House, a majority of those
present is required to second a call for the pre-
vious question. There has been a second to the
call for the previous question, and that question
is now pending before the [louse.
Mr. HOUSTON. Rut the motion to lay on
the table has been declared to be in order, and on
that motion tho yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
Mr. ORR. No, Mr. Clerk, I demand that tho
message and others papers be. read. [Loud cries
of "I object!" " 'i he message is notin our pos-
session !*'] The papers are ill the Cleik's posses-
sion; they are Oil his de.sk; and if the motion to
lay oil the table is to be entertained, 1 ask that
they may b<'read. I a<--k it, that 1 may vote intel-
ligently. [Cries of " Order!" " I object to the
reading!"]
Mr. Humphrey Marshall, if the
motion to lay on the table prevails, I understand
that it does not touch the message at all.
Mr. ORR. The geni Ionian stated that in his
motion the message und other papers were in-
cluded. Before I vote, I asked lo be informed of
the nature of those papers. I have the right to
be so informed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, if the motion
to lay on the table does include the message, then
I have only to say that it is an underhand way
of pushing the papers on the House. It cannot
be done. 1 protest against it.
Mr. LETCHER. If the message is not in
the House, what have v,re been fussing about all
morning? [Laughter ] It was presented by the
Secretary of the President; it was received by
the Clerk and placed upon the table; and there-
upon this discussion arose. Nobody objected
to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I take issue with the gentle-
man. The reception of the message was ob-
jected to as soon as it was possible for any mem-
ber to do so. When it was announced that the
President's Private Secretary was at the bar of
the House, and tHat he presented a message in
writing, I rose in my place and objected to the,
reception of the message. I made the objection
before the message was placed on the Clerk's
desk. Therefore it is that I hold the message
has not been received, and that that is the ques-
tion now more particularly'before the House for
its decision.
Mr. CRAIGE. I wish to say a few words.
The motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dbnn] refers to such papers as were delivered to
the Clerk b,y the private Secretary of the Presi-
dent, and proposes that they be now laid on the
table in order that they may be returned to the
President of the United States. Now another
motion is made, that that motion, and all pre-
vious motions, together with the message, be
laid on the table. Does not that motion include
the message? Of course it does, and in direct
terms. Is not the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] therefore right in his demand,
that before voting he shall have those papers read,
so that he may exactly know what will be the ef-
fect of his vote? Most certainly he is. Has not
any one member that right ? I do not care whether
you call it a message, or call it a paper delivered
to the Clerk by the Private Secretary of the Pres-
ident. The papers are in the hands of the present
Clerk, and I think that tho gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] is right in making the de-
mand for the reading of tliera, that, in order when
we vote on the motion to lay on the table, we
may know whether wo vote right or wrong.
Tho CLERK. If the gentleman will permit
the Clerk, he will read from the Manual what
seems to be applicable to this subject:
" Where pnpers are laid before the House, or referred to
a committee, every member has a right lo liave them once
read at tho table before lie can be compelled to vote on
them; but it is a eat, though common eiror, to suppose
that he has a right, toties quotics, to liavo act*, journals,
accounts, or papers on the table read independently of the
wUl of the House."
Mr. CRAIGE. Well, I .demand the reading
of the papers.
Mr. WHEELER. Has the seal on that message
been broken ?
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
document was handed to him without his knowing
that such a message was about to be presented,
and the Clerk, accustomcd to the same practice
in former Congresses, broke the seal; but that is
all that has been done with the papers.
Mr. McdUEEN. It will be seen, by the read-
ingof the resolution and amendment nowpending,
thatdireet reference is made in them to the docu-
ments lying on the Clerk's table, and now mem-
bers ask simply to have those documents read
before they are called upon to vote.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to
withdraw his demand for tho reading of those
papers. The President of the United States has,
under extraordinary circumstances, sent to us a
message,'which we are bound to presume contains
important information for this House. If gen-
tlemen are so disposed to treat him with discour-
tesy, that they will not permit the message to be
read, I do think that no friend of the President
should endeavor to get it read by a piece of
parliamentary trickery. I want that the President
shall be met in that spirit which has brought
him into this Hall, believing, sir, that ho has
sent that message here because, in the discharge
of h>s duty, he deemed that tho interests of tho I
country required that he should send it here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. _ I rise to a
question of order. Has not the previous question
been called, and docs not that cut off debate ?
Tho. CLERK. The motion to lay on the table
is not debatable.
Mr. ORR. I ask the privilege of stating the
reason why I have made the demand for the read-
ing of these papers.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from South Carolina can proeoed.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The CLERK. Objection being made, remarks
are not in order.
Mr. MAXWELL. It becomes a personal ex-
planation now. I used the word "trickery" in
my remarks just now, which might seem to im-
pute to my friend from South Carolina a dispo-
sition to get the papers read by a trick. I only
meant that we should- not aTail ourselves of a
technical parliamentary rule.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order ?
The CLERK. Tlie gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] rose to ask for the reading
of the papers on the table. The Clerk read the
parliamentary law upon the subject, and now, if
gentlemen desire-it, will put that question to the
House for its decision.
Mr. ORR. It will perhaps relieve the Clerk
and the House from some difficulty, in reference
to this matter, if gentlemen will take a distinct
vote upon each of the pending propositions—the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana [Air.
Dunn] and the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clinbuh.] The disposition
manifested to evade a vote upon those propositions
induced me to call for the reading of the papers.
If gentlemen will withdraw the motion to lay on
the table, and take a direct vote upon the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana, as offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] I
shall be satisfied.
Mr. FLAGLER. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I do not
intend that my motion shall be turned out in this
way, because it is distinct and substantive. I
do not want to treat the President of the United
States with disrespect, and therefore I will not
vote for the resolution of the gentleman from In-
diana. Nor do I wish, in the present condition
of the House, to have that document read.' I am
inclined, however, to receivc it.
The House will at once take the distinction. I
do not want to return the President's message to
him. I do not doubt our ability to receive it. I
want to have no question of privilege or duty
between the President of the United States and
this House. 1 conceive that, although he has
passed out of the line of precedent, he is still
within the line of privilege, and within the lino of
constitutional duty. He would have had a right
to come to that door and say to us as a House,
"I want to confer with you, and to announce to
you something that, in my opinion, concerns the
Union;" and had he so come, we should have
told him: "Sir, we are not yet organized, or in a
condition to communicate with you," but we
should not have slammed the door in his face, or
put him outside of the door, as the gentleman
from Indiana proposes to do by his resolution.
We should have treated him with the courtesy
due to his high station. Now, as I understand '
myself to be distinctly in order, and as I have
been attempting here for an hour to put my mo-
tion in the shape of an amendment, 1 propose now
to offer an amendment to the amendment.
The CLERK, (interrupting.) The motion
will bo in order if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] will withdraw his demand for tho
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; as I understand
that rule, it is just as distinct as language can put
it, that, after the previous question is seconded,
but before the main question is ordered to be put,
an amendment is in order just at that point, and
it was for that express reason that I seconded the
previous question, in order that I might have the
floor to move the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, with his permission, that
his object can be attained when we come to vote
on the motion submitted 1>y the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clinoman,] by calling for
a division of the question. His motion, as I
understand it, is to reccive and read the mes-
sage.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir; my motion is
only to read it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let me say further that I
wish the House would, by common consent,
agiee to let us take a direct vote upon the ques-
tion, " Will the House receive the message^"
I hope the gentleman from North Carolina, and
the gentleman from Indiana will withdraw their
motions for that purpose.  
Mr. MARSHALL. The question might be
put upon the motion to receive the message, and
after it is received I will move to lay it upon the
table.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentlemenfrom
