1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
North Carolina and Indiana if they will not
withdraw their propositions, so that a vote shall
taken distinctly upon the motion to receive? Will
the gentlemen agree to.that?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. As this matter will'ulti-
mately be determined by a majority of the
House, and as I am willing to expedite the action
of the House in any way I can, and with a view to
meet the wishes of gentlemen upon the other side
of the House, \ am willing to withdraw my mo-
tion, if that will have the effect to withdraw the
other motion. Then I will have the privilege
of substituting a motion that the message Be
received and read. That question can then be
divided, and we can have a vote upon both prop-
ositions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Cungman] and the House to this suggestion.
By universal consent the gentleman can modify
his motion, and provide simply that the message
be received.
Mr. ORR. That can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CI INGMAN. I have the right to make
that modification.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question will then be
first upon the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio, the
House will remember, has called the previous
question upon both propositions as they stand,
and  
Mr.CLING-MAN,(interrupting.) Twill sub-
stitute the word (i received," in order that no
gentleman may be surprised, and that this House
may act upon it as a majority may prefer.
Mr. HOUSTON. How then does the question
stand?
The CLERK. The original proposition of
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] is, that the message of the President be
received and read. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana. [Mr. Dunn,] which has been
accepted by the gentleman from North Carolina,
is that it simply be received.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now renew the
point of order which I made some time since.
The resolution contemplates both the reception
and the reading. I take a point of order upon
that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table, and though debate
is not regularly m order, I will state the object I
wish to attain.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order, except
by unanimous consent. The gentleman will
proceed, if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will now make an explanation
of the object I desire to attain by my motion.
A person appeared in the House this morning,
announcing at the door that he brought to the
House a message from the President of the
United States. That much we all know. That
paper was sealed, Mr. Clerk, and carried to your
desk. A motion was then made, which has
been varied until it is now reduccd to this defi-
nite shape—" I move that the paper"—nobodv
knows its contents—"be received and read.*'
That motion is then amended on the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] " that
it be returned to the person who brought it here."
I now move that the whole subjcct be laid upon
the table, for the purpose of reaching this pre-
cise point. There are two questions now before
this House—shall that paper be received atall?
and if it be received, what disposition shall be
made of it> There are a large number of mem-
bers of this House who wish to do neither the
one thing or the other—who do not desire to vote
upon the question whether it shall or shall not
be received. Now, if we move to lay the whole
subject upon the table, and that motion prevail,
what will be the condition of affairs? Matters
will remain precisely as they are now. It will
not, as some gentlemen fear, bo referring back
the message to the President of the United States.
It will not be flinging back the message into his
face. That I do not desire to do. It will not
be driving members of this House, contrary to
their wishes, and who do not desire to receive
it, because it is other business than that of the
election of a Speaker, to receive that paper. It
will not be compelling gentlemen to hear it read;
which can only be done upon an order of the
House—which would be business in the most
emphatic sense of the term. The only way to
avoid these difficulties is, to take no action what-
ever upon the subject at this time, and to let the
matter rest where it is.
Now the message has not yet been received,
under the motion co receive it—which is pending;
and until the House shall vote to rcceive it, it will
rest upon the proposal that it shall be received.
The motion, then, which I make, to lay the whole
subject upon the table, is not a motion to lay the
message upon the table—a message of which no
one knows the contents—but a motion to lay the
motion to receive upon the tabic. If that shall
prevail, then, as soon as this House shall be or-
ganized, or at some subsequent period, any mem-
ber can move that the subject be taken from the
table. When that motion shall be made to take
it up, it will be a motion—and I appeal, for the
correctness of my remarks, to gentlemen more
conversant than 1 am with parliamentary law—
not to go into the consideration of the President's
message, but to take up the motion that it be re-
ceived; and at a subsequent period the House
can pass upon the motion; or, after delaying a day
or two, until a Speaker shall be elected, it can be
received and read by unanimous consent,
I therefore move that the whole subject be laid
upon the table, and upon that motion I call the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. It is, that the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland is not in order, pend-
ing the question of order taken by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] It seems to me,
also, that we shall, substantially, arrive at the
same result as that desired by the gentleman
from Maryland by action upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio.
The CLERK. Tim Clerk thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland is in order:
upon that motion he has demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. Is not the first question the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Ohio?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland is first m order.
Mr. ORR. What was the precise question
raised by the gentleman from Maine ?
The CLERK. That inasmuch as a point of
order was pending when the motion of the gen-
tleman from Maryland was made, that motion
was out of order. The yeas and nays have been
ordered upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. ORR. If it is intended to avoid a direct
vote upon the question, and gentlemen do not
like to take the responsibility of receiving the
message, I must again ask for the reading of the
papers. [Cries of "Good," and " Stick to it!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina asks for the reading of the papers.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to under-
stand what I am called to vote upon. I under-
stand the question to be the motion of the gentle-
man from Maryland to lay the whole subjcct
upon the table.
The CLERK. That is the question.
Mr. JONES. If that motion prevails, I take it
that it carries the message and all the papers to
the table. But I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land, if his motion prevails, where does he leave
the message? At the door? And after we shall
have organized by the election of a Speaker, and
a motion is made to take up the motion which
he desires to lay upon the table, what shall we
have to take up? Why, sir, the message is here
in our possession, and we have been quarreling
all this time about what we shall do with it, and
we have got to get clear of it and dispose of it.
Mr. DAVIS. Where is that paper now? In
this House, or at the door?
Mr. .TONES. I ask the gentleman if it is not
in this House, where is it?
| Mr. DAVIS. It is here in the possession of
| the House for its consideration, but it has not
! yet been receivedj otherwise, the motion to re-
ceive is an absurdity, which the learned lawyer
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] would
never have submitted to this body. It is entirely
an ambiguity in the use of words, it strikes me,
which creates all the difficulty. The paper has
been brought here; it is laid before this body;
and the question is, whether this body shall now
receive it? The motion I make is to lay that
question on the table, and leave the message
where it now is, pending before this body, on the
question whether it be or be not received. And
then, at any subsequent day, that motion can be
called up from the tabic, and will stand just ex-
actly where it stands now. It is in the House.
[Great uproar in the Hall, and cries of "Read
the paper!"]
Mr. ORR. With a view, Mr. Clerk, of forcing
a direct vote on the question of reading, I ask
that that question be put to the House, and on
that I call for the yeas and nays. Have I right
to require that the paper be read ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina has a right to require that the paper be
read, the Clerk thinks.
Mr. FLORENCE. And it is for the House to
deride that question.
Mr. WHEELER, (at three o'clock, p. m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn; and on
that motion I call for the yeas and nays. [Loud
cries of, " Oh, no!" " Withdraw that motion."]
Mr. WHEELER. Well, I withdraw it.
The CLERK. The Clerk will again read, for
the information of the House, that portion of the
Manual which refers to reading papers, from
which the House will sec that the gentleman fiom
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has a right to call for
the reading of the papers. [Loud cries of,
"Read, read!"] I read from page 93 of the
Manual.
The CLERK proceeded and read as follgws:
ii Where papers are laid before the House, or re fen ed to
a eonmuttcc, < vlmv iiu'inbci lias a right to have tl) nn once
read at the table belbie he o«m be compelled to vote on
tiiein ; but it i* a tfie.u, thoiiirh common, eiror to suppose
that lie has right, to ties quotici, to have aet?, lournals, ac-
counts, or papers on the tabic, lead independently of the
will of the House."
Mr. COLFAX. Will the Clerk read the con-
tinuation of that paragraph ?
The CLERK continued to read as follows:
"There indeed, t-o manifest a propriety of permitting
eveiy member to have as much information as possible on
every question on which be has to vote, that when lie de-
sires the reading, if it be .seen that it is really for informa-
tion and not tor delay, the speaker duvets it to be read
without putting a question, if no one objects; but if ob-
jected to, a question must be put."
Mr. COLFAX. Then I ask that the question
be put.
The CLERK proceeded to put the question
whether the papers should be read.
Mr. ORR. Do [ understand that the question
is to be submitted to the House whether the mes-
sage shall be road ?
The CLERK. Yes.
Mr. ORR. Then I ask those who are in favor
of having the message read, to make this a test
question. By this means we will get at what we
want. I call for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of ord'^r on
the call of the gentienlan from South Carolina.
Mr. WASH8URNE, of Illinois. Does not
the motion of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] take precedent,e of that of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina ? [Loud cries of
" No, no p']
The CLERK. I will answer the gentleman
from Illinois, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who rises to a point of
order.
Mr. GROW. Certainly.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the re-
quest of the gentleman from South Carolina,
involving the right of a member on this floor,
takes precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from Maryland; that is, that it will have to bo
decided by the House, before they proceed to
vote on the motion to lay the question on the
table.
GROW. The point of order which I
submit is this: that the gentleman from South
I Carolina cannot call for the leading of papers
i under this pariJameniary law that has been read.
| That law only refers to casis where pipers have
i been laid before the House; there, members can
