1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
of the treaty and since. In what I have already
eaid on tin's point, I only proposed to state the
extent of the British possessions and pretensions
in Central America, as I understand tnem, at the
date of the treaty, without undertaking to define
particularly the nature or character of them; and
having done this, I proceed to notice some of the
occurrences or circumstances which led to the ne-
gotiation of the convention.
I need not inform the Senate that, for a long
period, all the commercial nations of the world
were looking with great interest to the practica-
bility of a ship canal across the isthmus, connect-
ing the two American continents, and separating
by a comparatively narrow tract of country the
two great oceans—the Atlantic and the Pacific.
We all know that the acquisition of California by
the United States, and the discovery of the rich
deposits of goldinthat territory, gave an increased
impetus, particularly in the United States, to the
inquiries connected with that subject. A com-
pany of American- capitalists, ascertaining that
the route by the river San Juan and lakes Nica-
ragua and Monagua presented probably the most
feasible project for a ship canal to be found on
the isthmus, or in any part of Central America,
made a contract with the State of Nicaragua, on
conditions which I need not notice, for the con-
struction of such a work—that State claiming,
and it was believed rightfully claiming, the sov-
ereignty of the entire route of the projected canal.
The company which entered into this contract
naturally looKed to the United States for such
protection and encouragement of their enterprise
as the Government could properly extend to it.
£ngland, through her agents in that country, was
not less alive to the advantages of such an inter-
oceanic communication than the United States,
end she was quite as active in taking the prelimi-
nary steps to secure the exclusive control, or at
least an equal participation in the benefits of any
such communication between the Atlantic ana
Pacific which might be constructed. Hence origin-
ated that forcible expulsion of the authorities of
Nicaragua, in 1848, from the town of San Juan,
of which I have already spoken, and a claim
to an extent of territory, in behalf of the Mos-
quito king never before asserted or pretended.;
It was the representations of those American
capitalists who had succeeded in making a con-
tract with the State of Nicaragua, as to the an-
noyances and obstructions to which they would ;
be exposed in attempting to accomplish their great ■
enterprise from the feeble and unstable character
of the Governments of Central America; from the
conflicting territorial claims set up by Costa Rica
and Nicaragua on the line of the proposed canal;
and especially from the pretensions of Great
Britain to hold the outlet of the river San Juan, ;
in behalf of the Mosquito king, that first drew
the attention of the Administration of General
Taylor to the subject of Central American affairs.
That Administration very wisely determined to
.set up a claim to no exclusive advantages in any
canal or other artificial communication which j
might be constructed across the isthmus under j
the protection and encouragement of the United j
States; and having no definite information as to !
the nature or extent of the territorial claims set
up by Great Britain in the name of the Mosquito
king, or of her intentions and policy in maintain- ,
ing the control of the mouth of the San Juan i
river—determined not to make any treaty with
Nicaragua for the protection of the projected canal, :
until the policy and intentions of Great Britain, in ,
asserting the rights which she then exercised, as
the protector of the Muaquito king, should be |
ascertained; and whether she might not be dis-
posed to cooperate with the United States in
promoting the construction and guarantying the
neutrality of the proposed canal. This was done
in the fall of 1849, first through Mr. Rives, and
afterwards, more formally, through Mr. Law-
rence, our Minister at the Court of Great Britain.
Lord Palmerston, then Secretary for Foreign Af-
fairs, promptly answered to the inquiries of Mr.
Lawrence, that the British Government did not
intend to occupy or colonize any part of Central
America, but would feel great pleasure in combin-
ing and cooperating with the United States for
the purpose of promoting the construction of any
communication, by canal or railway, between the
Atlantic and Pacific, across the Isthmus. _ The
negotiation, thus opened, led to the conclusion of
the convention of tlie 19th of. April, 1850.
That the main and leading objects of the con-
vention were to encourage the construction and
secure the neutrality of the ship canal, by way
of the San Juan river and Lake Nicaragua, is
manifest from every step in the progress of the
negotiation as well as from its stipulations. The
specific object of the convention was extended, in j
the course of the negotiation, to the protection of
every other practicable communication, whether
by canal or railway, between the two oceans,
which might be found to exist in any of the
States of Central America, including the Panama
and Tehuantepec routes, not within the limits of
those States. And when we reflect that the high-
ways between two great oceans thus to be pro-
tected were to be free to all nations, it is difficult
to conceive of objects more beneficent and noble
than those contemplated by the contracting par-
ties to the treaty. But to give security ana per-
manency to those great objects, it was important,
as far as possible, to remove every cause of future
jealousy and rivalry between the two Govern-
ments parties to the treaty which might disturb
or defeat them; and therefore it was stipulated
that neither of them should occupy or exercise
dominion in any part of Central America. To
show that I have presented the great and funda-
mental objects of the treaty in their true scope
and bearing, I need do no more than to recite
the preamble, which may be said to be the key
to the treaty—the first article, a clause from the
sixth, and one other from the eighth article:
Preamble.—" The United States of America and her Brit-
1 annic Majesty being desirous ot" consolidating the relations
■ of amity which so happily subsist between them, by setting
forth and fixing in a convention their views and intentions
with reference to any means of communication by ship-
canal, which may be constructed between the Atlantic and
i Pacific oceans, by the way of the Eiver San Juan de Nica-
ragua, and either or both of the lakes of Nicaragua or Man-
agua, to any port or place on the Pacific ocean."
"Art. I. The Governments of the United States and
Great Britain hereby declare, that neither the one nor the
other will ever obtain or maintain, for itself, any exclusive
control over the said ship-canal; agreeing that neither will
ever erect or maintain any fortifications commanding the
same, or in the vicinity thereof; or occupy, or fortify, or
colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion over Nicar-
agua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Cen-
tral America; nor will either make use of any protection
which either affords or may afford, or any alliance which
either has or may have, to or with any State or people, for
the purpose of erecting or maintaining any such fortifica-
tions, or of occupying, or fortifying, or colonizing Nicar-
agua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Cen-
j tral America, or of assuming or exercising dominion over
! the same; nor will the United States or Great Britain take
' advantage of any intimacy, or use any alliance, connection,
or influence that either, may possess in any State or Gov-
ernment through whose territory the said canal may pass,
for the purpose ofacquiring or holding, directly or indirectly,
for the citizens or subjects of the one, any rights or advant-
ages in regard to commerce or navigation through the said
canal, which shall not be offered on the same terms to the
citizens or subjects of the other."
" Art. VI. And the contracting parties likewise agree,
that each shall enter into treaty stipulations with such of
the Central American States as they may deem advisable,
for the purpose of more effectually carrying out the great
deiijgn of this convention—namely, that of constructing and
maintaining the said canal as a ship communication be-
tween the two oceans for the benefit of mankind, on equal
terms to all, and of protecting the same."
" Art. VIII. The Governments of the United States and
Great Britain having not only desired, in entering into this
convention, to accomplish a particular object, but also to
establish a general principle, they hereby agree to extend
their protection, by treaty stipulations, to any other practi-
cable communications, whether by canal or railway, across
the isthmus which connects North add South America,
and especially to the interoeeanic communications, should
the same prove to be practicable, whether by canal or rail-
way, which are now proposed to be established by the way
of Tehuantepec or Panama."
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say that, a$ to
the design, scope, and spirit of these the substan-
tial recitals and stipulations of the treaty, there can
be no room for cavil or misunderstanding. The
language is clear and explicit. I find no Gordian
knot of interpretation to untie. As to multiplica-
tion of synonymous terms, and the various forms
of expression resorted to to express the sameideas,
I perceive rather an excess of caution; but they
were undoubtedly intended to exclude every pos-
sible conclusion contrary to the main objects and
purposes of the convention; nor, if we did not
know the fact that a serious difference of opinion
has arisen between the two Governments as to
the proper interpretation of the stipulations of
this treaty, I could not have supposed it possible
that any such difference could ever arise.
But a serious controversy has grown up be-
tween the two Governments on this subject, and
one which may involve the gravest consequences.
In considering the question, how far and in what
respects Great Britain has failed to comply with
her engagements under the treaty, as I propose
to do, I shall first speak of the Mosquito protect-
orate. It may be of some use, in the discussion
of this point of the controversy, to state, as briefly
as I may, the conflicting positions taken by the
two Governments in relation to it.
From the annual message of the President, and
the correspondence which has been laid upon the
table, we learn that the position assumed by our
Government is, that Great Britain is bound by
the terms of the treaty to withdraw altogether
from the Mosquito protectorate, without any
qualification or reservation whatever.
The arguments upon which this position is
maintained are, in substance, that the authority
at any anterior period assumed and exercised by
Great Britain over the Mosquito Indians, waa
unsustained by public law, and was a violation
of the sovereignty, first of Spain j and afterward
of the republics which succeeded to the rights and
jurisdiction of Spain upon the overthrow of the
Spanish dominion; that the Mosquito kingdont
was a fiction from the beginning; that the Mosquito
Indians never had any organized Government, and
never were recognized as an independent people,
either by Sp&in or the republics whose territories
they inhabited; that the pretended Mosquito king
is nothing more than a puppet, decked out in the
habiliments of royalty, in the hands of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain,asaconvenient medium
or pretext for assuming and exercising dominion
over the Mosquito country; that whatever Gov-
ernment now obtains over or among the Mosqui-
toes is wielded by the British consul or other agent,
usually resident at Bluefields; that whatever do-
minion of any kind is exercised over the Mos-
quito territories is maintained by the same func-
tionaries, and, though asserted in the name of the
Mosquito king, it is truly and substantially Brit-
ish dominion; that by the express terms of the
treaty Great Britain is bound to abstain from the
exercise of any authority or dominion over the
Mosquito country for the protection of the rights
of the Mosquito Indians; that the nature and ex-
tent of their rights is a question to be settled
between them and the State of Nicaragua, in
which Great Britain has no authority to interfere.
The position assumed by Great Britain is, that
her protectorate of the Mosquito Indians was not
surrendered, and that it was in nowise affected
by the stipulations of the treaty, except to limit
its powers, and oblige her to exercise the influx
ence she had acquired by it over the Mosquitoes,
for the attainment of the great objects of the con?
tracting parties, the protection and neutrality of
the ship canal across thelsthmus, from San Juan,
by way of Lake Nicaragua, to the Pacific.
The arguments by which this position is sought
to be sustained, are, in substance, that there is
neither any express abandonment of the protect-
orate, nor any obligation resulting, by any fair
and necessary inference, from the specific stipu-
lations in the treaty, binding her, in good faith, to
abandon it; that she has never claimed or held
the possession of the Mosquito country, or exer-
cised dominion over it, though she has exercised
a great influence over the Mosquito Indians; that
at a period long anterior to the date of the treaty
she had formed such political connections with
those Indians, and taken upon herself such duties
and obligations as their protecting ally—treating
them as an independent people, with separate
rights of sovereignty over the territory they occu-
pied, which she cannot honorably renounce, and
leave them to be dealt with at discretion by the
State of Nicaragua; that she (Great Britain) must
be allowed to interpret for hereelf the rule or pub-
lic law by which she is bound to regulate her con-
duct in her political connections and intercourse
with Indian tribes at this day,'whatever that law
may have been when America was parceled out
among the several European nations which claimed
the sovereignty over it by the right of discovery
and conquest.
I hare stated this outline of the argument on
