1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84T
back to the Senate, and move that it be referred
to the Court of Claims. The committee are of
the opinion, that it is a case where services have
been performed without any law specially provid-
ing for compensation, but under instruction of
the Departments of State and of the Interior;
and that it is peculiarly a case to be determined
by the court. 1 move, therefore, that the petition
and papers be referred to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to authorize
the selection of the residue of the lands granted
by the acts of Congress of September 20, 1850,
June 10, 1852, and February 9, 1853, reported it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to provide for issuing patents
in certain cases where grants of public lands have
been made by Congress, reported it without
amendment.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
supplemental to an act entitled " An act to amend
the several acts respecting copyright," approved
February 3, 1831; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to have the bill re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, which
I suppose is the proper committee; but inasmuch
as the notice which I gave on a previous occasion
has brought me into an uncomfortable correspond-
ence with authors and publishers, I desire to state,
in regard to this bill, that the only provision which
it contains is a provision to the effect that the
copyright for dramatic composition shall be ex-
tended so as to give to authors a property for a
given period of time in the acting or enacting of
their own compositions.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PUGH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to repeal the twenty-fifth
section of the judiciary act of 1789.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. HOUSTON. I gave notice yester.day that
I should request the Senate to sit on Saturday
next, in order that I might have an opportunity
to make some remarks on the proceedings of the
Naval Retiring Board; but on reflection I am satis-
fied that our reporters, whose duties are exceed-
ingly arduous, absolutely need the relaxation of
that day to enable them to discharge their func-
tions. I have, therefore, determined to postpone
my remarks until Wednesday next. There is no
order fixed for that day; and I shall then desire,
with the permission of the Senate, to proceed
with my reply to the gentlemen whom I indicated
yesterday.
KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of the morning hour is the proposition to print
the memorial of the persons representing them-
selves as Senators and Representatives of the
General Assembly of the State of Kansas. The
Senator from Virginia has moved to lay the me-
morial on the table.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should be glad to know
whether the signatures to the memorial are all m
one handwriting ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can examine
the memorial if he thinks proper.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to know what
memorial this is ? Is it from a State Legislature?
From what body docs it come—what authority ?
The PRESIDENT. Itis headed the " Memo-
rial of the undersigned senators and representa-
tives in the General Assembly of the State of
Kansas."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The motion yesterday
was to print; and, if I recolicct rightly, the ques-
tion was whether that should not be reterred to
the Committee on Printing:3
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
laying the petition on the table. On that question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps I can answer the in-
quiry which my friend from Kentucky made.
A Senator. That not in order. The motion
is to lay on the table.
_Mr. MASON. I wished to have this memorial
laid on the table, as it seemed to me that that was
the most appropriate way to dispose of it; but, if
any gentleman desires to speak, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no desire to
speak on the subject further than to say a word
or two.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was not here yesterday;
and I would inquire whether there is not a motion
pending to refer this memorial to the Committee
on Territories*
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I prefer that the gentle-
man from Virginia should withdraw his motion.
I think the best way of disposing of the memo-
rial is to refer it to the Committee on Territories,
so that we may have a report on it and know
what it is. I believe the authority of this peti-
tion is disputed. It has been the subject of some
little controversy who was the author of this pe-
tition, or whether there was any real authoiity
for it. I do not know how it is; I do not pretend
to pronounce on that question; but I wish the
gentleman would let it go to the committee. That
seems to me to be the most appropriate way of
disposing of it.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion to lay
it on the table, and of course we can convers^'
about ft, The memorial states that it is the me-
morial or petition " of the senators and repre-
sentatives in the General Assembly of the State
of Kansas now in session." It is sufficient for
me that they are those who present themselves
here claiming to be functionaries of a State which
has no existence under our laws. Of the con-
tents of the petition I know very little. I read it
over, or rather a part of it, cursorily; and it seems
to me to be an assault on the Government of the
United States for not interposing in some way
to rescue these petitioners from what they call
the frauds and oppressions of the territorial gov- i
eminent. But it is immaterial what the character
of the petition is; it is enough for me that it is
from a body of men who arc m rebellion against
the laws of the country and in disrespect, as I
think, to its institutions. It is for that reason that
I should be averse to making any other disposition
of it but laying it on the table, now that it is too
late to question its reception.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it cannot very
materially affect the important interests which the
petition is designed to bring before the Senate,
whether it be printed or not. I have already seen
a copy of the paper in a public journal which cir-
culates fifty thousand copies; so that the world
will not be deprived of the information if the
Senate should refuse to print it.
The petition was presented by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] He has
stated that, although the signatures appear to be
in the same hand-writing, he is informed from a
highly responsible source that they are authentic
and are the act of the subscribers. It seems to
me to be quite unnecessary to enter into a discus-
sion on the particular character of the signers of
this paper—that by which they describe them-
selves. This is a petition to the House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate of the United States, in
behalf of a provisional State, applying to be ad-
mitted into the Union; and the petition itself
shows that they arc the Legislature in a provis-
ional character, standing here applying to be ad-
mitted. The simple point, then, is whether the
Senate of the United States will do them the
courtesy and favor to print a memorial which it
is proper and necessaiy for tlium to present, in
their own judgment, as the representatives of the
people of Kansas authorized to apply to the Con-
gress of the United States for admission into the
Union. It is handed to the Senate by a gentle-
man who has been elected by the provisional
Legislature of Kansas to be a Senator in the
Congress of the United States; ^represent the
State of Kansas if it shall be admitted into the
Union. I apprehend that there can be no serious
objection to printing the paper, whilf the import-
ance of printing it is not sufficient to require any
very long debate.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I will read for
the instruction of the Senate one of the parlia-
mentary guards against spurious petitions. I in-
tend to strip this matter to its nudity—I do not
care what may be its investment or concomitants,
or how it is introduced here. The man who has
presented this petition to the honorable Senator
from Michigan has no right to speak for other
people, so far as I know, unless their names are
on the petition itself. Their names are not there.
Who Mr. Lane is, I know not. I have a right
to know that the names of the petitioners are to
the paper before consenting to receive it; but their
names are not to the paper, and therefore it is no
petition. With a view to accommodate a spirit
of aggression upon the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, we temporize, compromise, and give
up everything—break down all rules. Here is
one rule which is a palpable one, though I do not
know that it imposes any obligation on anybody
but myself: I read from Jefferson's Manual:
"A petition prays something. A remonstrance has no
prayer. (1 Grey, 58.)
Petitions must be subscribed by the petitioners. (Scob.
87, L. Pari. c. 22 ; 9 Grey, 369,) unlessthey are attending,
(1 Grey, 401,) or unable to sign, and averred by a member.
(3 Grey, 418.) But a petition not subscribed, but which the
member presenting it, affirmed to be all in the handwriting
of the petitioner, and his name written in the beginning,
was on the question (Mar. 14.1800) received by the Senate.
The averment of a member, or of somebody without doors,
that they know the handwriting of the petitioners, is neces-
sary, if it be questioned. (6 Grey, 36.")
Now, I do question it. Again:
"It must be presented by a member—not by the petition-
ers, and must be opened by him, holding it in his hand. (10
Grey, 57.")
But, sir, that is not the rule upon'which I have
before insisted, as excluding the motion to print.
Under another rule which was read yesterday—
and that was the true issue—resolutions of State
Legislatures, or lawful proceedings held within
the State, such as a convention, or bills introduced
by committees, or reports by standing committees
of this House, are entitled to be printed, on the
motion of a single member. This rule can be
referred to, if gentlemen wish to see it. After
naming these specific cases, it provides that all
other memorials, petitions and papers which come
to this body, cannot be printed, without being
referred to the Committee on Printing. That is
the rule, and that being the case, I am not disposed
to receive this petition. I should have opposed
its reception, if I had been here at the time it was
presented, and I shall certainly not treat it with
a courtesy, or impart to it by my vote, a dignity
which will bring it within the scope of any of the
classes of documents which can be printed without
being referred to the Committee on Printing. ®
I have looked over the contents of the petition,
and I do not know that I have ever seen any one.
so unacceptable as this is. It arraigns the con-
duct of the President; it claims the privileges of
a self-invested sovereignty; it asserts that these
men are themselves the true sovereigns of Kan-
sas; and the gentleman from New York rises and
says that the courtesy due to the right of petition
is so far higher in its obligations upon him, that
he is willing to break down all the rules and safe-
guards of the Senate to reach it. I have no doubt
the gentleman is willing to do anything which he
can reconcile to his conscience, regardless of law
or the obligations of constitutions. He made a
speech yesterday, and if I had had an opportu-
nity then, I should at once have disclosed some
of its doctrines. However, on this occasion, I
ought not to go into that, for it may provoke
reply on other matters; but when he rises in his
place and says that he does not care about these
rules, and is willing to receive this petition, and
to print it, without going to the Committee on
Printing, I shall not acquiesce in it; but on the
contrary, if I were able, I would rebuke it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I suppose
there is no doubt of the fact that there is a Ter-
ritory of Kansas. We are all informed of that
fact from the public law of the United States. I
have supposed that it is also equally true, and will
not be denied by any Senator, that there is a ter-
ritorial government emanating from the authority
given under that law now existing m the Terri-
tory. I presume it will be equally admitted that
there is another government claiming to have
taken necessary and preparatory steps for the
admission of that Territory as a State into this
Union. Theee are facts wnich will be conceded
