17M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
of another measure which he deems of public im-
portance, agrees not to press that until a subse-
quent day. Now, does not every Senator see
that if this system is carried out it consumes the
whole time? Do you not arrive at the same re-
sult against which I protested before? If the ma-
jority get together, establish a committee consist-
ing of the chairmen of the standing committees
of the Senate, and they parcel out the whole time
of the Senate, to consider their respective meas-
ures, and say that three days shall be devoted to
this bill, and two to that—that the appropria-
tion bills shall occupy three days, and on the
fourth day the Pacific railroad bill shall be taken
up, or the harbor bills, is it not manifest that by
this consumption of the whole time of the Senate
you have virtually and effectually excluded the
minority of the Senate from bringing forward
any measure whatever ?
We all know, sir, that under the rules adopted
here, a majority can designate the order of busi-
ness; and if it is done by a majority in the Sen-
ate, I apprehend no one has a right to complain;
but it seems to me to be improper that the party
in the majority should get together and determine
what measures shall be taken up, and how long
they shall ocupy, appropriating to their consid-
eration the whole time of the Senate; when that
majority, or many of them, do not aid by their
votes in the passage of some of the measures
which are finally passed. Very likely it may be
true that the Senator from California will find
himself opposed now in his efforts to obtain aid
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific,
by a majority of the caucus which appointed him
one of the committee to arrange the business
of the Senate.
I have certainly no objection to the chairmen
of' the respective committees consulting together
and arranging as to hoiv they shall push forward
their business; yet when this arrangement con-
sumes the whole time of the Senate—when, as has
been illustrated to-day, it is decided that a par-
ticular measure shall be taken up and pressed
through, and another to follow right upon it, so
as to consume all the time, I say it is virtually
excluding the minority.
The question was asked me by the Senator
from California, whether 1 had not heard of cau-
cuses? Yes, sir; I have heard of caucuses for
political purposes, and for party purposes; but I
never heard of a caucus of aniiijority party in any
Legislature—nor did I know it prevailed in Con-
gress before—which, assuming to itself the whole
responsibility for legislation, got together, and
monopolized all the tune for the consideration of
measures which tli.-it majority deemed important.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague is determined
to misunderstand us on tins point. He talks
about the caucus arranging and voting down, and
voting up business, when he has been told Ijy
each member that there was nosueh thing. Why
repeat it, after it has been denied by each man"?
He says he has no objection to the chairmen of
the committees consulting as to the priority
of business, lie has been told that was all that
has been done here. Then he has no objection
to what has been done. Why complain of it if
he has no objection to it?
But he says that if this committee can go on
and recommend the priority of business—and all
we do is to recommend—he is willing that a ma-
jority of the Senate shall decide. We recom-
mend, and the majority do decide. Ho is willing,
then, to agree to just what we have done. He
says each committee will recommend its own
bills, and thus appropriate the whole time of the
Senate, and leave all others undone. What
others? By your rules, by your parliamentary
law, every bill when it comes here goes to a com-
mittee. Hence, when each chairman of a com-
mittee consults as to all the business of his com-
mittee, that includes every bill before the body.
Then who is it that suffers ? Every bill has
gone to a committee; every bill has been reported
back by a committee; every bill is under the
charge of some chairman; and every bill is pro-
vided for by the arrangement of the chairman;
and yet my colleague says that leaves out the
balance. What bsUance ? What measure is left
out. I do not see the cause of his complaint.
It is evidently an attempt to make party capital
y & misrepresentation of what we are doing.
Ihe reason of our conferring in order to expe-
dite business was this: it is well understood to
be the party tactics of the minority here to defeat
every bill, appropriations and everything, to pro-
long the session of Congress for partisan pur-
Eoses. We determined, if we could, to expedite
usiness as far as possible, anjl get through; and
the chairmen of the committees conferred as to
how we could save time, and expedite business,
and overthrow this attempt to produce anarchy
by defeating the appropriation bills, and every
other. We understand that the tactics of the
Opposition is revolution by defeating every pub-
lic measure, and then to clamor because it was
defeated.
Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator what foundation he has for making that
remark ? Certainly, if there is any such plan on
the part of the minority of the Senate, it is
entirely unknown to me and to many others who
sit around me. I should like to know where it
comes from.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, sir, talk where you
will with the Senator's party friends, you hear
it avowed in private conversation everywhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
what Senator has avowed it ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I say that the Democratic
party understand, from all we know and believe,
that such is your policy, arranged among your-
selves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I deny the existence of
any such policy. _
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not care. We have a
right to believe it. The action of every one of
you, thus far, convinces us that it is the policy
to defeat action, to occupy time on questions re-
lating to the priority of business, to prolong dis-
cussions, to get an adjournment just before a bill
passes, and force us to take another day on it;
thus throwing the business of the Senate into
confusion, in order to have legislation left undone
when we adjourn, and abuse us, having a ma-
jority, because wc did not pass the measures. The
very objection to this consultation of the chair-
men of the committees, is, that it is going to ex-
pedite business. There can be no other objection.
It embraces all the business of the Senate. Hence
there is no unfairness in it. It is not of a partisan
character. It embraces business of all kinds and
descriptions. I have helped to bring up measures
to which I was opposed, in order to give them a
hearing. We intend to give a hearing to all the
measures, as far as we can. We are hurrying up
the business because we believe the minority do
not mean to have the public business done. If
we are mistaken in that belief, we shall be grati-
fied. I hope we are mistaken in it. I believe,
however, that the circumstances are sufficient to
put us on our guard, and to indicate that the
object is to leave the Government without its ap-
propriations, and to adjourn vjithout doing the
business of the country. 1 dislike to have to re-
fer to these things. Our action is founded on
the apprehension that such is the party tactics of
our opponents, and our object is not partisanry,
but to perform the business of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, 1 am a mem-
ber of this secret committee of which the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] speaks; and I take
the full responsibility of the whole case as he
states it, without the excuse given by his col-
league. I hold it to be the duty of the majority of
the Senate to do its business. It is proper for the
majority—those who concur generally in political
action—to determine what they shall take up and
what they shall not take up; what they will con-
sume the time of the country upon and what they
will not consume the time of the country upon.
If there was not an agreement on great questions
with the Democratic party here, with whom I
have been acting, I would not vote to take up
anything to which I was opposed; but there was
an agreement simply that these important meas-
ures should be taken up and have a fair chance.
It is the duty of the party in the majority—those
who agree generally on the important questions
before the country—to direct the order of busi-
ness, how it shall be done, and when it shall be
done; for, as the Senator from California states,
they are responsible to the country. I have acted
on this principle all my lifetime. For twenty
years of my life, in the public councils of the
country, I have acted on it with Whigs and Dem-
ocrats, and every class of politicians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Except Know Nothings.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have nothing to do with that
class. I want no connection with them.
Mr. WADE. Except Abolitionists, also.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, I except them, though
I believe I acted with some of them when they
professed to be Whigs, until I found that they
were giving the WbigpartyJoab's stab, and were
really Abolitionists. I may say, then, that I have
been in party caucuses even with them. During
the last Congress 1 was in a caucus with the gen-
tleman from Delaware himself, not for the pur-
pose of arranging the order of business, but to
see what we should pass, and how it should be
passed, and when it should be passed. It (fe
proper, just,and sensible. The whole legislation
depends on a majority. Then let the majority-
get together and consult, agree, and pass such
measures as they approve, and reject such as they
disapprove, and go to the country upon their con-
duct. That is my policy, and therefore I adcept
the entire responsibility of the case as put by the
Senator from Illinois. I hold it to be Jhe duty of
the majority to arrange the order of business. I
would put down these very bills if I had my own
way; but when I cooperate with other men I con-
sult their views, and hence I agreed that these
measures should be taken up according to the
order of their importance. .
On this principle I have consented to consider
the internal improvement bills, which I bitterly
oppose; the Navy bill, which I bitterly opposed;
and the Pacific railroad bill, which 1 shall oppose
to the bitter end. But I wish the business taken up
in the order of its importance, and if it be neces-
sary to sit a bill out at night, let us do so when-
ever the minority force us to it. Weare responsi-
ble that the business of the country shall be done;
and if the Democratic party are fit to govern the
country they will not be driven from this position
by clamor from any quarter whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will allow me
to make a remark. I think the whole of this day
is likely to be consumed in discussing the ques-
tion whether we shall do any business at all. I
think we should have disposed of most of these
bills to-day if we had gone on; but if this debate
is to be continued, it will result in getting through
neither.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Waive the motion, and let us
get through with the river and harbor bills to-day.
Mr. WELLER. I will withdraw my motion
so as to allow us to get through with those bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 90) for con-
tinuing the improvement of the harbor of Keno-
sha, Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I took the floor with a
single object, not to prolong the discussion; and
when I gave to the Senator from California a
chance to explain, I did not design to lose the
opportunity of saying what I wished to say. If
I can say it in order, I will go on; but if not, I
will not. ["Certainly."]
Mr. TRUMBULL, if the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I will renew the motion that
the Pacific railroad bill be taken up for consider-
ation. That will allow him to be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But there is
a question before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Maine
can say what he wishes to say now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make a single
remark in I'opjy to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and not to consume time. I wish to
say it to bar an inference. He ehnrgnr; on the
minority a distinct design to prevent business
being done, or to delay business as much as pos-
sible. In fact he charges us with being revolu-
tionists; he says we want to revolutionize the
Government by preventing any business being
done. That is a grave and serious charge. It
affects not only the mass,but it affects individuals
—it affects me, for I am one of the minority. I
called on the honorable Senator for his authority
for making this remark. His answer is, that it is
generally understood, and believed, and talked
about. Talked about by whom > Has he heard
any member of the minority of the Senate make
such a remark, or avow any such intention ? He
does not pretend that he has. Has he heard any
member of the other House avow any such in-
tention?
