112
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
both sides of this question, for the better under-
standing of the whole subject, but not with a view
to discuss, in detail, the several points presented
in it. . . i t
Unequivocal and explicit as the language of the
treaty is for all substantial purposes, it is not clear
that 'Great Britain was bound by the terms of
the treaty to abandou the protection of the Mos-
quito Indians, absolutely and without any reser-
vation. I can readily understand, that to have
required such abandonment would have embar-
rassed, and perhaps havedefeated, the negotiation
of the treaty. But two years before the signing
of the treaty, Great Britain had availed herself of
the instrumentality of the Mosquito protectorate
to forcibly expel the authorities of Nicaragua
from San Juan, to march upon the capital of that
State, and compel a capitulation on such terms as
left the Mosquito king in possession of the town
of San Juan. So soon afterwards, to have spurned
any further connection with such an instrumen t-
ality, vile as it may have been, would scarcely
have been reconcilable with the sense of honor
which ought to control private individuals, much
less a great nation in its public transactions.
I think I can perceive, in the cautious wording
of the treaty, that the distinguished Senator from
Delaware appreciated the delicate position of the
Government of Great Britain upon this point, and
that, while he took every precaution in drawing
up the treaty to leave nothing to construction
which could defeat the great objects it was intended
to accomplish, yet to leave Great Britain free to
extend some protection to her ancient allies. That
Great Britain was not required to withdraw alto-
gether from the protectorate, I think may be
clearly inferred from that part of the first article
of the treaty which I propose to read. It is in
these words:
" Nor will either make use of any protection which either
affords, or may afford, or any alliance which either has or
may have to. or with any State or people, for the purpose of
erecting or maintaining any such fortifications," 8tc.
Here we have, by a clear implication, an ad-
mission that one of the contracting parties at least
did then afford some protection to, and have some
alliance with, a people, as distinguished from a
State in Central America, and might continue to
afford some protection to, and have some alliance
with, a people as well as with a State. It seems
to me that no such phraseology would have been
employed but in reference to the actual relations
existing, or claimed to be existing, between Great
Britain and the Mosquito Indians.
But while this may be the true interpretation
of the treaty, it is possible that Great Britain, at
this time, is disposed to avail herself of the for-
bearance of the ^American negotiator in declining
to insist on an absolute abandonment, to defeat the
great objects of the treaty altogether, or to evade
some one or other of theaubstantial stipulations
intended to limit the Mosquitoprotectorate. But
let us see whether Great Britain has manifested
any such dishonorable intention.
If I am not much mistaken, from the date of
the treaty up to a late day, the Government of
Great Britain has uniformly manifested a desire
to be disembarrassed entirely of this protectorate.
She has declared repeatedly, through her official
representatives, thatthe only interest or object she
has in continuing the protectorate is to secure
some provision for the protection of the Mosquito
Indians, and that she could not withdraw from
it without dishonor until that object shall be
effected. To show that the Government of Great
Britain was probably sincere in making/these
declarations, 1 may state that, soon after the treaty
was ratified in 1850, the Minister of Great Britain
was prepared to unite with this Government in
effecting, by theirjoint influence, such an arrange-
ment with the Central American States which
might settle all conflicting claims between them,
connected with the objects of the convention of
1850, including the claims of the Mosquito Indians.
For some reason or other, nothing was done at
that time. In 1851 a conference was had on the
same subject between the Minister of Great
Britain and the Secretary of State of the United
States, and the Ministers of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica were both, I believe, present at that confer-
ence. No conclusion, however, was arrived at,
because it happened that Nicaragua had, a short
time before, formed an alliance with San Salvador
and Honduras, which prevented her from enter-
ing into any separate negotiation at that time.
Again, in 1852, the representatives of the two
Governments, Great Britain and the United States,
held a conference in this city, having in view the
accomplishment of the same objects which they
' had proposed in the conference of 1851. At this
j last conference the terms of a convention were
; agreed upon, embracing all the debatable points
between Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and tfre Mos-
quito Indians. This plan of a convention was
to be presented to Costa Rica and Nicaragua
for their acceptance. It is not material that I
should notice the provisions of it, except that one
of them which related to the Mosquito question.
Great Britain proposed, in consenting to that con-
vention, that the Mosquito Indians should be
collected from all parts of the territory in which
they resided, and be confined to a reservation,
to include Bluefields, and that the whole of the
extensive territory known as the Mosquito coast
outside of that reservation, should be ceded in
full sovereignty to Nicaragua on the sole con-
dition that ten per cent, of the duties collected on
merchandise imported into the town of San
Juan, for the three succeeding years, should be
paid to the Indians as an indemnity for the ceded
territory, a sum which, it was estimated, would
amount to some fifty or sixty thousand dollars.
It was also further proposed that Nicaragua
should be at liberty- to arrange with the Indians at
any time thereafter for the extinguishment of their
title to the contemplated reservation, and to be-
come citizens of Nicaragua. Thus, it will be seen
that Great Britain was willing to place the Mos-
quitoes upon the same footing, in relation to Nic-
aragua, on which the Indian tribes in this country
stand in regard to our Government. But the
proposed convention, though accepted by Costa
Rica, was rejected by Nicaragua, on the ground
that the terms were too favorable to Costa Rica.
Again, in 1853, whenX.ord Aberdeen succeeded
to power in Great Britain, her Minister, as soon
as dispatches could be communicated from Lon-
don to Washington, informed our Secretary of
State that'one of the first objects of the new Gov-
ernment would be to settle all difficulties which
existed in Central America in which the United
States and Great Britain were involved. The
substance of the communication was, that the
Government of Great Britain was ready to adjust
them upon any reasonable terms, and that the
Government of Great Britain desired nothing
more earnestly than to be disembarrassed of all
the responsibilities connected with the Mosquito
protectorate, provided proper guarantees could be
given for the enjoyment of some rights in the
country which they occupied. The Secretary of
State [Mr. Everett] thought the prospect held
out by this communication of settling all the ques-
tions in relation to Central America so very favor-
able, that he recommended to Congress the ap-
pointment of a Minister of a higher grade than we
had usually sent to the Central American States,
in order to give greater effect to the negotiations
necessary to be instituted with them. Congress
approved the proposition of Mr. Everett, and pro-
vided a Minister of the grade he recommended.
This was the last act of the late Administration
connected with Central American affairs. The
choice of the new Minister was left to the new
Administration, and high hopes were entertained
that all differences connected with Central Amer-
ican affairs would soon be satisfactorily terminated.
For what reason their hopes were disappointed, I
know not. The. close of the late Administration
will be found to mark a stage in the negotiations
and discussions between Great Britain and the
United States on Central American affairs. The
inauguration of Mr. Pierce was the inauguration
of a new and more stringent line of policy in re-
lation to the Clayton and Bulwer treaty.
I think I have said enough on the Mosquito
Erotectorate to show that there never ought to
aye been any serious difficulty between Great
Britain and the United States on that point, and
that, whenever the obstinacy of Nicaragua, in
refusing to accede to any reasonable terms for
the protection of the rights of the Mosquito In-
dians, can be overcome, Great Britain will prob-
ably no longer insist upon upholding the Mos-
quito protectorate for any purpose or to any
extent.
It is strikingly manifest that, from the ratifica-
tion of the treaty, in July, 1850, to the 4th of
March, 1853, in the conferences between the
Ministers of the two Governments in relation to
it, no exception was taken by this Government
to the pretension set up by Great Britain to in-
terfere for the protection of the Mosquito Indians;
nor was the ground assumed that, by the terms
of the treaty, Great Britain was bound to aban-
don, without reservation, the Mosquito protect-
orate.
There may be greater difficulty in settling the
other points in controversy between Great Brit-
ain and the United States, arising out of the con-
vention of 1850. I allude, of course, to the Bay
Islands and the territory between the Siboon and
the Sarstoon rivers.
It does not appear that the negotiators of that
convention had any definite knowledge of the ex-
tension of the British settlement of Honduras, or
Belize, as defined in the treaty of 1786, into the
territory of Guatemala, or of the possession by
Great Britain of the Island of Roatan. If they
had such knowledge, it seems clear that their
attention was not directed to those points in ar-
ranging the terms of the convention; nor does it
appear that the Senate was better informed in
regard to those possessions when the convention
was ratified; yet both those possessions arc within
the letter and spirit of the treaty.
The embarrassment attending the settlement of
the question raised in regard to these possessions
has arisen out of the declaration of Sir Henry
Bulwer, communicated to the Senator from Dela-
ware on the 29th of June, a few days before the
exchange of ratifications. The material part of
the declaration of Sir Henry Bulwer is in these
words:
*' Her Britannic Majesty's Plenipotentiary has received
her Majesty's instructions to declare, that lier Majesty does
not understand the engagements of that convention to apply
to her Majesty's settlement at Honduras, or its depend-
encies. Her Majesty's ratification of the said convention
is exchanged under the explicit declaration above men-
tioned."
To the declaration of Sir Henry Bulwer, Mr.
Clayton replied by this counter-declaration:
" The language of the first article of the convention con-
cluded on the 19th day of April, 1850, between the United
States and Great Britain, declaring the country not to be
occupied, &c., by either of the parties, was, as you know,
twice approved by your Govenunent; and it was neither
understood by them, nor by either of us, [the negotiators.]
to include the British settlement in Honduras, (commonly
called British Honduras, as distinct from the State of Hon-
duras,) nor the small islands in the neighborhood of that
settlement, which maybe known as its dependencies." * *
" It was understood to apply to, and does include, all the
Central American States of Guatemala, Honduras, Sau Sal-
vador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, with their just limits or
proper dependencies."
The only fair and just construction which can
be placed on the counter-declaration of the Sena-
tor from Delaware is, that when he speaks of
British Honduras, he means the British settle-
ment of Honduras, historically known as the set-
tlement defined in the treaty of 1786; and that the
small islands alluded to by him were the group
situated within a few leagues off the coast of Brit-
ish Honduras, and long known and recognized as
such. Whatever may have been the object of the
declaration of the 29th of June,—whether it was
intended to exclude from the operation of the con-
vention the country occupied between the Siboon
and Sarstoon rivers and the Bay Islands, as de-
pendencies of the British settlement at Honduras,
as it probably was—or not, Sir Henry Bulwer, in
consenting to the exchange of ratifications, after the
counter-declaration of Mr. Clayton was commu-
nicated to him, left the convention unchanged and
unaffected by the declaration made on the part of
the British Government. Had the exchange of
ratifications taken place under the declaration of
Sir Henry Bulwer, and without any counter-dec-
laration of Mr. Clayton,—if it could be shown
that the Bay Islands, as well as the territory be-
tween the Siboon and Sarstoon rivers, were de-
pendencies of British Honduras at the date of the
treaty,—then it might be a question whether the
Government of the United States had not waived
the right to demand the surrender of those posses-
sions, though originally embraced by the terms
of the convention, so far as the executive depart-
