848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
by all Senators, and are understood and known
to the public.
The Senator from Michigan, on the 24th day
of March, submitted to the Senate three memo-
rials, accompanicd by a constitution, which had
been formed by a convention of delegates elected
in that Territory preparatory to its admission as
a State. I think I am right—if I am wrong 1
should thank the Senator from Michigan to cor-
rect me—in saying, that on the presentation of
those memorials and that constitution, on his
motion they were ordered to be printed. We have,
therefore, before us the constitution which was
framed by that body of men. It has been sub-
mitted to the Senate, and it has been printed.
These memorials furnish us with the fact of an
existing state of things there. It is not my pur-
pose, now, to go into an argumentas to the rights
of the people of that Territory, or undertake to
discuss how far they are acting in conformity
with what has been the practice of other Territo-
ries in this matter. It is known to be a fact that
such a convention has been held,and such a con-
stitution has been formed. Every Senator must
know that every Territory, before it can come,
into the Union as a State, must necessarily form
its constitution, and there is a period of time be-
tween the forming of that constitution and the
admission of the Territory as a State, when it
may, perhaps, be said to be in somewhat of a
chrysalis condition; that is when they claim to
be aState, precisely as the members of the Legis-
lature elected under this constitution claim to be
the representatives of the State of Kansas. There
is no Territory which has ever come into this
Union which lias not, after it lias formed a consti-
tution, claimed to be a State precisely in the same
way as the people of this Territory claim to be a
State.
This is the true state of the case. Now, as I
understand, the Senator from Michigan submits
the statement of the persons who constitute the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory, claiming to
have acted under that preliminary step which was
absolutely necessary before their admission into
this Union as a State. The Senator from Virginia
and the Senator from South Carolina, I think,
both say that, if they had been in their places
when the memorial was presented, and if their
attention had been called to it, they would have
then moved a rejection or non-reception of it.
The proposition now is, to stifle it either by lay-
ing it on the table, or refusing to print it. Well,
sir, upon my word it seems to me the most strik-
ing parallel to this case is found in the action of
Lgird North, on another occasion when the peti-
tronsand memorials of these colonies were treated
very much in the same way by that lord. In
my opinion, the parallel would hold good—and
it might be an instructive lesson to us all—if we
looked at the manner in which the petitions of
the colonies were then treated, and contrasted it
with the manner in which it is proposed to treat
the petition now before the Senate. Sir, I do
not care to investigate at this time the question
whether these people are right or wrong m their
proceedings. It is not necessary.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator suspend
his remarks for a moment ? The Chair will state
that the hour has arrived for the consideration of
the special order fixed for twelve and a half
o'clock, to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall conclude in a moment.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope 1 shall be allowed to
reply to the Senator. I intend to do so if I can.
The PRESIDENT. Tt isthe duty of the Chair
to call the special order at the hour fixed for its
consideration, unless it be the pleasure of the
Senate to postpone it.
Mr. STUART. What is the special order for
half past twelve o'clock to-day'
The PRESIDENT. The Senate bill (No. 146)
making provision to compensate agents for pay-
ing pensions and, prescribing the time and man-
lier of settling their accounts.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us pass that bill; it will
not take many minutes.
The PRESIDENT. The special order will
be taken up unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone it until
Monday, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWAR.D. I will consent to that if it is
the desire of the other side of the Chamber.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed to, and made the special order for
Monday, at half past twelve o'clock. "
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maine
has the floor on the motion to print the Kansas
memorial.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a few words fur-
ther to say, and those few words relate to a single
fact. There has been a controversy in Kansas
Territory as to the rights of the territorial gov-
ernment, and the rights of those who have insti-
tuted the convention which framed the State
constitution and elected the Legislature from
which this memorial comes. There has been a
controversy between them, and perhaps it may
be said to have been a controversy between the
people and the authorities of the United States
Government. Now, I have not examined the
memorial itself; I do not know what it contains;
but I take it that it may properly be inferred that
it is their statement of the case. Whatever may
be our action on other matters, it is not only re-
spectful, but it is right, in my judgment, that the
memorial should be received and printed. I desire
to have it for my own information. I want to act
wisely; I want to act prudently; I want to act
properly; and I do not design to exclude from
myself such light as an investigation of all sides
of this subject will present. For these reasons 1
shall vote to receive and print the paper.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this debate is very much out of order,
^nd tiiat the question before the Senate is misap-
"rehended. The Senator from Michigan, on the
7th day of this month, presented this memorial,
and moved its reference to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and that it be printed. The motion to
refer was agreed to, and the motion to print was
pending when the Senator from Virginia moved
to lay the memorial on the table. I speak from
the record, because I hold the memorial in my
hand, with the Secretary's entries upon it. The
motion to lay on the table, I think, is out of order,
and cannot be made. The only question now
properly before the Senate is, will the Senate agree
to the motion made by the Senator from Michi-
gan, that this memorial be printed >
The PRESIDENT. That is the question be-
fore the Senate. The motion to lay on the table
has been withdrawn, and the question now is on
the motion to print.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Well, sir, I am of opinion
that this memorial should be treated as other me-
morials are. Thisis not a memorial from aState
Legislature, and I cannot depart from the usual
course of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if it be sup-
posed that I shall reply to what has been said by
the Senator from Maine, in any spirit of resent-
ment, and that I am to lie thrown off my guard
under circumstances of this kind, it is a great
mistake. Sir, when the honorable Senator fiom
Maine chooses to personify those who oppose the
printing of this paper as Lord North, I suppose
he intends to claim for himself some of the attri-
butes at least of John Hancock or, of Patrick
Henry. I presume that Lord North, while he was
conducting the Government as Premier of Eng-
land, would not have violated the common par-
liamentary rules with a view to attain what
seems to be supposed to be attainable here by
printing a paper which has none of the requisites
that commend it to the Senate, and does not come
within the rules of the Senate. The gentleman
is willing to play Patrick Henry, and John Han-
cock, and John Adams, when he represents those
who oppose the reception and printing of this
memorial as the representatives of Lord North.
Well, sir, I suppose I should be perfectly willing
to run a parallel with the gentleman in history
on subjects of this kind. I have no doubt that
he has taken a great deal of pains to cull, extract,
and reduce to something like a point his Lord
North parallel. I do not object to it; but I will
say that if I had been Lord North, and any at-
tempt had been made in the English Parliament
to violate the laws of England, or the mode of
proceeding there, I would not have hesitated to
maintain the dignity of parliamentary proceed-
I IaS?-
j_ Now, sir, what do gentlemen say ? That this
] is an initiative proceeding to make a State gov-
| ernment. Will the Senator from Maine tell me
• that there is a parallel in the history of any well-
regulated Government on earth—I will not say
Anglo-Saxon, English, or anything of that kind
—where a government, deriving its existence, its
organization, its very life from a legitimate source,
has been superseded by another illegitimate one,
where the real government has recognized the
other, and has dispensed with the recognition of
legitimate authority and adopted a spurious gov-
ernment standing up in rebellion against it? Is
there any such case in history? Here the palpa-
ble fact stands out before you—that the Congress
of the United States have, by a solemn act, organ-
ized a territorial government for Kansas; and the
Congress of the United States is now required to
repudiate that government, and to recognize as
a State the existence of another standing up in
open rebellion against it. Those who refuse to
recognize it as a State, or as one that is in the
chrysalis condition approaching a State, are to be
denominated as the defenders of a tyranny that
would deny the right of petition!
Sir, whatever may be my peculiarities, I have
no affinity for tyranny: 1 have less for that wild
liberty which finds its 'vent, its escape, and its
abominable orgies in anarchy. That which I
dread most is the unrestrained discretion of man
—fanatical, wild, ungovernable man—that ap
proachesits object through the process of anarchy.
These men, who have thrown aside a legitimate
constitution, now, under the mask of the right of
petition, attempt to approach this body, and we
are to break down all our rules to print their peti-
tion. There is no process so horrible to me as
that which claims to be above the Constitution,
the laws, and the rules of my country. Sir, the
"higher law"system which gentlemen aspire to
may well be assimilated to the chrysalis, if the
Senator chooscs to use the teim; but it is a creep-
ing, slimy chrysalis that finds its way into life
only when it goes through filth and anarchy.
If gentlemen choose to denounce me as denying
the right of petition in opposition to the laws of
the country, let them call me Lord North. I shall
use no strong terms; but it lias come to a pretty
condition at last, that we are to nurse, encourage,
and give life to the existence of what is called a
State, that originates in usurpation and trespass,
in opposition to the legitimate authority of this
Government. Sir, all the smooth rhetoric of the
gentleman from New York, and all the fluency
that lie can throw upon it by any of his rhetoric,
cannot reconcile me to any of the casuistry which
reconciles him to violate law under what he may
suppose the higher dictates of philosophy and
morality. I do not recognize any tribunal which
he may erect for me, or any of his notions of
liberty and right. I shall oppose this motion;
and, if it be sanctioned by the Senate,! shall
regard it as the greatest contempt which has ever
been offered to the South.
Mr. HALE. I have looked at this petition
somewhat, and 1 am a little astonished to hear
gentlemen speak of it as coming from a body
openly in rebellion against the Government. "I
have not had time to look thoroughly over it, but
I have examined the concluding part of it, and it.
sounds like anything rather than rebellion. They
close their prayer in these words:
"The wrongs which they have endured, and the out-
rages- yet threatened, have compelled the people of Kaitsas
thus early to a^uine the burdens of a Slate government.
'■ We come to you hi neither tho spirit of servility, nor of
arrogance, hut as American citizens knowing our right* and
asking them at year hands; and m transmitting to your
honorable bodies a copy of the eonbtiuiumi adopted by the
citizens of Kansas at a State convention held at Topeka on
the -23d of October last, and ratified by the people on the
lath of December following, we respectfully pray for the
admission of Kansas as a State into the Confederacy upon
an equal footing with those States which have preceded
her."
Now, sir, whatever else may be said of this
petition, it seems to me that candor cannot style it
rebellious. It may be irregular—it may be want-
ing in precedent—it may be obnoxious in a great
many aspects, according to the different views
from which gentlemen look at it; but it seems to
me, that in candor it cannot be styled rebellious.
Again, I hope that the question of printing this
memorial will bo considered in reference to some-
thing more weighty than the mere matter of chi-
rography. I think that all questions of that kind
were disposed of when the petition was received.
If it is not what it purports to be—if the signatures
are not genuine, that is a question to be consid-
ered upon the reception of a petition; but after it
