122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 81,
call for their reading. But the question hero is
as to the reception of the papers. They are not
before the House for its action, but on the simple
question, " Shall they be received?" Members
Have been talking here about-these papers having
been received. How have they heen received ?
Why a person comes into this Hall who has
no more right to make his appearance here than
any one o'f our constituents; he is recognized by
the Clerk, and proposes to present a paper. That
paper is not received by this House, until the
presiding officer asks whether there is any objec-
tion to receive it. If there be any objection to
its reception, then the question comes up on its
being received; and until it is received, no mem-
ber can ask for its reading. Under this parlia-
mentary law, it is provided that, where papers are
laid before the House, a member has a right to call
for the reading of them. But that is not the case
here. No paper has been laid before the House.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] is altogether under a mis-
apprehension in this matter. The first question
that comes up is not upon the receiving of the
message; it is upon returning it to the President's
Secretary, and allqwing him to carry it home
with him. That is the first question. And when
gentlemen undertake to say that it is a question
of the reception of the message, they are mis-
taken. The question comes up 011 a resolution,
on which they promised to give us a direct vote,
and 011 which they are not now willing to come
out and vote directly.
Several Members. Well, lot us vote, then.
Mr. ORR. 1 desire that the proposition shall
be submitted to the House, " Shall the paper be
read?" and I ask those in favorot*the reading of
the message to vote for that measure as a test
question—[cries of "That's right!'5]—and oil it
1 asklfor the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. 1 rise to a question of
privilege, and I think it is my right to do so. I
proposed "to modify my resolution, in the hope
that we could get action upon the message. Now,
inasmuch as that modification has only led to
confusion, f desire that the resolution shall stand
as originally made, and that was, that the message
be read. There has been no action taken upon
it, and theisg'ore I have a right to change my res-
olution into its original l'orm.
Mr. KENNETT. 1 wish to know, Mr. Clerk,
whether it is possible to have a paper read which
is not first received and acknowledged to be in
the possession of the House? 1 wish to know
whether the gentleman from South Carolina can
force the reading of it, or force a direct vote oil
the reading of that paper to this House, before
we have first had an opportunity to say whether
we will or will not receive it? Now, let us talk
110 more; but let the question go on the direct
reception of' the paper, and then 011 the reading.
JVlr. OKU. The fust proposition before the
House—submitted by the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clinkman]—is that the message
of the President of the United States be read.
The gentleman modified it—that it be received
and read—but has since changed that modifica-
tion, and restored it to its original form, and that
he had a right to do. "Shall the message be
read ?" is the fn at proposition. To that an amend-
ment is offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Duxn,] that the packages delivered to the
Cleik this morning, puiporting to be a message
from the President of the United States, be re-
turned. These are the two propositions before
the House. Roth of them refer (iireeily to the
paper which is on your desk, Mr. Clerk. A mo-
tion is then made by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] to lay the whole subject 011 the
table. That carries with it the packages, or the
message, under either-of the resolutions. And,
before voting 011 that pioposition, I claim, as a
matter of privilege as a member of this House,
that the papers shall be read, so that wc may
know how to vote. I claim that privilege; and I
claim that the question shall be submitted to the
the House, under the clause of the Manual which
was referred to by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dl'Nn.] And I ask that those who are in
favor of the reading of the message shall make it
a test question.
I do this, Mr. Clerk, for the reason that there
is an indisposition manifested here to vote a direct
rote. If gentlemen will comc up square to the
mark, and vote first on'the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Donn,] and if that is
rejected, then vote upon the proposition of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr Clingmau,]
1 will make no objection. But if gentlemen will
not come to a direct vote, I claim that the ques-
tion shall be submitted to the House, whether I
have not a right to demand the reading of these
papers. [Cries of '• Call the roll!"] .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. _ Mr. Clerk, I have
several times submitted a question of order which
goes to the foundation of this whole proceeding.
I again renew the question of order, and, of
course, it ir^ust be the first question submitted to
the House, and the first voted upon. Gentlemen
cannot demand the reading of anything; they
cannot have any paper read until that question is
settled. I again make the point I originally made,
that the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] uj>on which this whole
proceeding is predicated, is out of order.
A Member. What proposition ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The proposition that the
paper sent to the House from the President be
read. [Greatconfusion. Criesof"That'sright!"
"Stick to it!" "Too late!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is too late
to renew that point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, this House is
yet unorganized. We have [Criesof "Or-
der!" and great confusion.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 am upon the floor speaking
to a point of order.
' Mr. HOUSTON. But the gentleman cannot
raise his point of order at this stage of the pro-
ceedings. He withdrew it, and the House has
passed from the consideration of it. It is too
late.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk, I have the
floor, and do not yield it. 1 have the right to
renew my question of order at any time before
the vote is taken upon the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. It is not too late. I
insist upon it as stated; and I now call for the
previous question upon it, and demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RUST. I rise to a question of order. I
want to know if the point of order renewed by
the gentleman from Ohio has been entertained ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio first
made his point of order when the gentleman
from North Carolina submitted his motion. Ho
afterwards withdrew it, and again renewed it
before the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
moved to lay the whole subject 011 the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must be allowed to ex-
press my surprise 
Mr. RUST. I have the floor.
, [Adozcn othergentlemenalsoclaimedthe floor,
i and commenced, all at the same time, to speak
at the top of their voices.]
The CLERK. It is impossible for the Clerk
to hear what is going on, unless gentlemen will
take their seats and preserve order.
Mr. RUST. Will the Clerk allow me to say,
that the question of order now raised by the gen-
tleman from Ohio cannot be entertained, if for
no other reason, because there is one question of
orderalready pending, and two questions of order
cannot be pending at the same time. A question
was raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] which has not yet been decided.
The CLERK. Does the Clerk understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to insist upon his
question of order?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. RUST. The question of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was certainly pending when
the gentleman from Ohio renewed his, and, there-
fore, the question raised by the gentleman from
Ohio could not. be entei tained.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the question of
ordered raised by 1110, and submit the question
I raised by the gentleman from Ohio, that the mo-
; tion of the gentleman from North Carolina could
not be entertained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I again raise my objection
that the question of order conies too late, and
cannot be entertained. The gentleman from
Oluo raised his point of order at the proper time,
when the motion of the gentleman from North
Oaiolina was originally submitted. But ho sub-
sequently withdrew his point. He abandoned
the field, and the House proceeded from the point.
Amendments were proposed to the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina and are now
pending, and I must insist that it is too late to
raise the question again. By his withdrawal he
virtually yielded the point, and he cannot renew
it at this stage- of the proceedings. The plea
that it is only a renewal amounts to nothing: the
question stands the same as if the question had
now been made for the first time.
Mr. McMULLIN. While we are here dis-
cussing the question, whether the reading of the
message'shall proceed, it is already being read
in a coordinate branch of Congress.
Mr. SAGE. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Sir, such is the disorgan-
ization of this House that 
A Member. How do you know the message
is being read in the Senate ?
Mr. McMULLIN. Because I have just come
from the other end of the Capitol, and I heard
the document road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is it?
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not have my time
consumed by such interruptions. I say I have
just come from the other end of the Capitol, and
the message of the President now lying upon
your table is there being read. I submit that it
is too late for questions of order to be raised in
this House as to the reading. What is to be ac-
complished by it ? You cannot' prevent the con-
tents of the message from going to the public. It
is already before the Senate, and it will go to the
country in spite of anything the House can do to
prevent it.
[While Mr. McM. was making the above
remarks 011 one side of the Hall, the following
discussion took place on the other:]
Mr. BALL. Mr. Clerk, is this discussion in
order ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is.
Mr. BALL. What is the question before the
House ?
The CLERK. It is upon a question of order.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
demanded that the papers sent in this morning
be read. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] also renewed lus question of order, that the
original motion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina could not be received.
Mr. BALL I understand; but must not those
questions of order be decided without debate?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks that questions
of order are debatable.
Mr. BALL. Is there not a motion pending to
lay the whole subject on the table ?
The CLERK. There is.
Mr. BALL. Then no debate is in order. I
object to any debate that is not strictly in order.
The CLERK, (Mr. McMcllin still speaking.)
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ball] having
raised the objection, the Clerk must decide that
the gentleman from "Virginia is out of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Why, I should like to
know who raised that point of order upon me,and
upon what principle? [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The objection was raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, for the reason that no
debate is in order upon the motion to lay on the
table, which motion is pending before the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, I will not trouble
the House further if objection is made.
The CLERK. The question now is upon the
demand made by the gentleman from South Car-
olina that the papers be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Has the ques-
tion been taken upon the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
that the original motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina is not in order?
The CLERIC thinks that, the point of order
having been withdrawn by the gentleman from
Ohio, arid not renewed by him until the House
had passed from the subject, and amendments
offered, and a motion made to lay on the table,
it is now too late to renew it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio to renew his point before the gen-
tleman from Maryland moved to lay the subject
on the table.
The CLERIC. The Clerk understood him to
withdraw it.
Mr. CARLILE. What do I understand to
b$ the question before the House
