1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
The CLERIC. It is upon the request of the
gentleman from South Carolina that the message
be read.
Mr. CARLILE. Upon that I move the pre-
vious? question.
Mr. GREENWOOD made a remark that was
not heard by the reporter.
The CLERK. The Clerk must state that no
debate is in oi'dcr.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I'am not going to de-
bate. No one, 1 imagine, looking at this Hall
at this moment, would be inclined to debate any-
thing, with such confusion. [Loud calls to or-
der.] It is known that I am a very modest
young mat). [Laughter, calls to order, and con-
fusion.] I scarcely ever participate in the dis-
cusions of this House at all. I rise now simply
to make an inquiry as to the state of the question
before the House. I will state it as I understand
it, and the Clerk willcorrcct me if I am in on or.
First and foremost, the gentleman from North
Carolina submitted his motion, and then modi-
fied it, as he had the right to do. Subsequently,
he modified, it again, which he also had a right to
do. In the mean time, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] introduced a proposition as an
amendment to that of the gentleman from North
Carolina in the nature of a substitute. He then
callcd the previous question. Pending the call
for the previous question, the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davh ] moved to lay the whole
subject on the table. Pending that proposition
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
demanded the reading of the message, when the
gentleman from Ohio again renewed the question
of order which he originally made, that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina was
out of order.
Mr. McMXJLLIN. But the Clork dccided that
the point of order was raised too late.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the first
proposition before the House, then, to be decided
is upon the request of the gentleman from South
Carolina that the papers which the gentleman
from Maryland moves to lay upon the table shall
be read.
Several Member*. That is right.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Why, do I un-
derstand that my question is not before the
House ?
The CLERK. The Clerk decided that, inas-
much as the question of order was not raised
until after the gentleman from Maryland had
moved to lay the whole subject on the table, it
came too late.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. The previous question has
been called, and no debate is in order until it is
ascertained whether or not it is to receive a sec-
ond.
Mr. FLORENCE. I second the call for the
previous question. It only requires one member
to second it, as I understand5
The CLERK. That is all.
Mr. GROW. I rise to ask the Clerk for in-
formation. Is the question to be now put on the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Our,] that the papers be now read?
The CLERK. That is the question on which
it is asked that the main question shall be now
pu t.
Mr. GROW. I raise the point of order, that
the motion is not in order until it has been de-
termined whether or not the message shall be re-
ceived.
The CLERK. There is a question of order
now pending of nearly the same character. [Loud
cries of u Question!" " Debate is out of order!"
< * Let us vote."] Shall the main question be now
put?
Mr. WHEELER. What is the question on
which it is asked that the main question shall be
now put?
The CLERK. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Our] asks that the papers be read.
On that the question is raised, shall the papers
be read ? This question is put to the House, and
on it the previous question has been called and
seconded. Shall the main question be now put?
Mr. SNEED. What will be the eiTect of or-
dering the main question to be now put?
The CLERIC. It will be" to bring the House
to a direct vote on the motion that the message
be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, Is it too late to
make my point of order on the'gentleman from
South Carolina? The gentleman proposes that
there shall be read a paper purporting to be the
message of the President of the United States; I
make the point that we have no"power to transact
business until we are organized.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the gen-
tleman from Ohio is out of order. [Cries of
"Order! order!"] *
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Is not
the question whether the paper shall be received
or not? How do you manage to get a paper
read that has not &cen received? Is there any
parliamentary rule for such a proceeding? [Cries
of "Question! question!"]
The mam question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I rise to
a point of order, thata paper cannot be read until
it lias been received.
Mr. ORR. The papers are referred to in the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The papers
have.never been received by the House. They
were objected to from the start.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is matter forargu-
ment.
The CLERK. The House has practically de-
cided the question for itself, and that is, that the
papers are more or less in the possession of the
House.
Mr. MARSHALL. We have been discussing
here the whole day whether they shall be received
or not. [Cries of " Order!" " Debate is out of
order."] I have no idea of any parliamentary
tactic by which these papers, having been ob-
jected to from the first, can be considered to be
m the possession of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. WASHDURN, of Maine. That paper
is not in our possession, and 1 would ask gentle-
men how it is to be read if it is not in our pos-
session?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What wns the last
question on which we voted ? Was it not thnt the
main question be now put? to wit: shall these
papers be read? The House has ordered the
nuun question to be now put. Everything is out
of order unii] that order of the House js exe-
cuted. [Cries of "Call the roll!" "Order!"
" Go on with the vote!"}
Mr. EMRIE. I ask whether it is in order for
any member to ask for the rending of papers not
in our possession, and especially in our present
disorganized condition ?
Mr. ORR. The motion of the gentleman from
Oliio [Mr. Campbell] reiefs to those papers, and
] ask that they may be read before i vote, so that
I may vote jiUelliirentlv.
Mr. COBB, of Geoigia. Let the order of the
House be executed. Let the main question be
now put.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be now put.
Mr. COBB. That motion cannot be enter-
tained. There is no such motion known to par-
liamentary law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move, then, to rescind.
Mr. COBB. The motion to rescind is not a
privileged question, and none but a privileged
question can interfere with the execution of t3io
order of the House, thni. the main question be
now put. [Loud cries of " Call the roll!" "Or-
der!"]
The question was taken on the motion that
the message be read, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 87, nays 12G; as tollows:
YEAS—MPr^rs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Bar'isclale, Bell,
ISoeork, Bowie, Uoyto. Bioo'v?-, Oadwahidor, John i\
Campbell, Car'ule, Caruiher-', Casku*, Chngman, llowell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, ^ir.i^f, C7aw'n"d,
Cull en, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Eihnuml^on, Elliott,
K'l'jii-h, Ethond^e, Ru-=t!^, Faulknei, Florence, Thorns
J. D. Fuller, Goode, Cieeinvuo.i, Augustus Hall, Samper,
W. Harris Thomas L. liiuri*. llcrh.-u, Houston, Jcueti,
George W. Jojk*s, J. Glaney Jone.-.. Kelly, Kunveis,
Kmsht, Letcher, Lumpkm, Alexander K. Marshall, Sam-
uel 't3. .^Marshall, Maxwell, Mcalullui. McQueen. Smith
Miller, IVIills*on, Xieholv, Andrew Olivet, IMoideeai Oliver,
On, Peek, Powell, Quitman, lleady, lhehaid.-on, R'vt-i--,
Ilutiiu, Ku-h Savage, Seward, Hhoitei, SiunuU
A. t-'imlh. WiliRiu fcimuli, Sneed, .rtephen*, Stewait, Tay-
lor, Tiiu/aton, Tuppe, Tyoon, UadciuocJ, Yaii, Waikci,
Warner, Watkins, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright—
87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bali, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, jBeh.son, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Butfington, Burlingame,
James IX. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chdffee, Bayard
Clark, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Col tax, Coining, Covode,
Cra«nn, Cum&aek, Dam roll, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfee, Edwards, Einrie, Flagler, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Galloway, Giddm-js, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Italian, J. Morrison Harris. Harrison, Haven, Hollo-
way, Thomas It. lioiton, Valentine B. "
Ilughston, Kennetf, Kins, Knapp, Knov
Kcl, Lake, Loiter, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey 1
MjittOf'oii.]\IcCaity,Meachain, Kjllian Miller, Mooie, Mor-
gan, Moi till, Mott, Murray, Noiton, Paine, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Peiinm^toij, Pony, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle,
i'uiuaitce, JPuryeai, Rendu, Ritehie, Robbing, Rohi&on,
rinbin, Saire', Sapp, Scott. Simmon*, William U. Smith,
Spinner, .Stanton, Stranahan, Swopp,Tapp.tn, Thorington,
Todd, Trafton, Va)k, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Wal-
dton, Cadwal.idei C. Washbutne, ElUhu B. Wa-hburne,
Israel Washbiiin, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney,
Wood, Woodiulf, YVoodvvoith, and ZolhcofTer—12G.
So the House refused to have the message read.
Previous to the announcement of the above
vote, the following proceedings took place:
Mr. DAVIDSON, when his name was called,
rose, and asked to be allowed to explain the
reason* for his vote; whereupon he said: I find
under the third section of the second article of
the Constitution of the United States this em-
phatic language: "He [the President of the United
States] shall from time to time give to the Con-
gress information of the state of the Union."
This section of tins article makes the President
of the United States the judge of the time ho
shall give the information he possesses of the
state of the Union to Congress. This House is
now, by the course it is this day puisuing, con-
stituting itself the judge of the time the President
is to communicate, which is a direct invasion of
the right guarantied by the Constitution to the
President of the United States in this most im-
portant prerogative; wherefore I find myself con-
strained to vole m the affirmative.
Mr. LAKE, when his name was colled, said:
Mr. Clerk, i admit that it is made the duty of the
President, under the Constitution of the United
States, to communicate with Congress from time
to time on the slate of the country. I was in
favor of receiving the message and having it read.
Uut the question has somewhat changed from its
first aspect. The message has not been received
by the House. It has been presented, but not re-
ceived; and I am asked to vote that it shall be
lead before it has been received. In this attitude
of the question 1 am compelled to vote no.
Mr. TAPPAN. when Ins name was called, rose
and said: I tried to get the floor during the debate
preliminary to the taking of the present vole in
order that f might state the exact position which
I occupied on this question. If it be in order, I
should hke to avail myself of that privilege at this
time, aud when lam callcd onto vote in response
to the call of my name.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. TAPPAN. Mr. Clerk, I object to the re-
ception and the reading of the message of tho*
President at this time, because by so doing I lend
my favor to the establishment of a new precedent.
This Administration has been somewhat remark-
able in the establishment of new precedents. It
has, in my judgment, already broken down too
many of the great landmarks fixed for our action
by the fathers of the Republic. I do not now,
as 3 have said, propose to lend my vote to the
establishment of another, and, it muy be, a dan-
gerous pi eceden t—one tha t mav be used hereafter
against the privileges of this House.
1 believe that we are now a House of Repre-
sentaii\es for certain purposes, but not a Houso
for the transaction of business. The question
now is in regard to an organization. I under-
stand the law to be clear and emphatic that tho
" lirst business" to be done is " the choice of a
Speak' r," and that until a Speaker be chosen
u no other business can be transacts d." Then
we are narrowed down to the inquiry, whe ill ex-
ilic reception and leading of tho message is or is
not ''business?" The very reception and read-
ing of the document presupposes action on tho
part of this bod}'. If the House can oider the
message to be read, why can they not order it to
be printed? If we can order it to be printed,
cannot we then do any other act of legislation
