124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
previous to the organization? We may receive
a bill from the Senate, and proceed with the or-
dinary legislation of the country.
I vote against the reading of the message for
another reason. I want the responsibility for
the present disorganization of the House to be
placed where it belongs. It does not rest on the
great majority, who propose to go on with the
voting until a Speaker is elected and the House
organized. No, sir; it is with those who, though
in the minority, declare that they have nailed
their flag to the mast, and that they will not re-
cede from the position they have assumed in their
caucus. It is with them, with those who wish
to force the majority to come to them. I want
it to go out to the country that the responsibility
for this long delay in the organization of the
House is with the Administration. I vote no.
Mr. WALKER, when his name was called,
rose and said: Mr. Clerk, before I cast my vote,
I desire to make onc'or two remarks. I happijn
to belong to an unfortunate class of persons on
this floor, who, from the feebleness of their voice,
or the smallness of their stature, and despite the
most persistent efforts, always fail cither to reach
the ear or to attract the eye of the present pre-
siding officer of the House. It was my desire,
sir, and my intention, when the debate first opened
on the power of the House to receive this mes-
sage and to have it read, to give my reasons for
beUcving that, if there was the slightest doubt as
to that power of the House, I should feel myself
constrained, in the present exigency of the House
and the condition of the country, to have assumed
that the House slioulcj receive and have the mes-
sage read. But I failed to obtain the floor for
that purpose. I conceive that it is too late to do
so now, even if my poor arguments would have
any weight with this body, to show that such
should hove been and should now be its policy.
I merely rise for the purpose of saying this, that,
like tin; gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lake,]
I vv'as in favor of receiving and having these papers
read, but unlike the gentleman from Mississippi,
if I cannot attain my end in one way, I am per-
fectly willing to do so by resorting to a more
parliamentary system of tactics. Therefore I
vote ay.
Mr. 'ZOLLICOFFER. The explanation given
by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lake]
is ju.st such n one us I had intended to give in
explanation of my vote. Were the proposition
before llie House to receive and read the message,
I should vote ay, but I do not, as a mere ques-
tion of order, approve of the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Our,] and I am
not inclined 111 that mode to resort to amcre par-
liamentary maneuver to secure the reading of a
paper which has not yet been received by the
liou :. I will merely say further that I do not
regard this us a test vote. I vote 110.
After the announcement of the vote—
Mr. WHITNEY. The question is now on
laying the whole subject oil the table?
The C'LKRK. It is.
Mr. CLl-N'GMAJN". Give us the yeas and nays
on that.
* The CLERK. The yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. WHITNEY. I desire, if it be in order,
to move that the message be received and laid
upon the Clerk's table until a Speaker is elected.
The CLERK. That motion is not in order.
A motion is now pending to lay the whole matter
011 the table.
Mr ALEXANDER IC. MARSHALL. I
would like to know whether, if this motion pre-
vails, the message and. papers would go upon the
table?
1 lie CLERK. The Clerk does not feel called
upon to express any opinion on that subject.
Mr STEPHENS. I rise to a question of order, j
I wish to inquire of the Clerk whether the propo-
sition now is to lay the whole subject on the table >
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. STEPHENS. If we vote that down, then
the question will arise upon the proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] and, if
that be voted down, then upon the propositionof
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
m an.]
1 he CLERK. The Clerk would state that if,
the motion to lay on the table does not prevail, i
the next matter before the House will be the !
question of ojder raised by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. STEPHENS. And that is the direct
question of the reception of the message.
_ The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 104; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Biilmghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Bui lingame,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cbaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Coimns, Covode, Ciagin, Cum-
back, Damrcll, Henry Winter Davis., Tinfotliy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edwards,
Emrie, Evans, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison,
Haven,.Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. 1-Ior-
ton, Howard, Hughston, King, ICnapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Kurikel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham,
Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Notion,
Paine, Paifcer, Pea.-ce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Ritchie, Robbins, Kob-
ison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Svvope, Tappan, Thoungton, Trafton, Valk,
Wade, Wakcman, Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, fsiael Washbum,
Watson, Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksda!e? Bell,
Boeock, Bowie, Boyee, Brooks, Cadwalader, Jonn P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, C.t kie, Bayard Claik, Chng-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Ciawford, CuUen, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Dur-
i'ee, Ednumdson, Elliott,Ethendge, Eusus, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thomas J. D Fuller, Gilbert,Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Heibeit, HoiMon, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kid-
well, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexan-
der K. Marshall, Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Molt, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Potter, Powell, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Richaidson,
Rivers, Ilutfin, Rust, Sandtdue, Savage, Scott, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Snoed, Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Thurston, Todd,
Tuppe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wells, Wheeler, Winslow, John V, Wright, and
Zolhcolfer—104.
So it was ordered that the whole subject do lio
upon the table.
Pending the call of tho roll, the following pro-
ceedings took place:
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say that as a vote in the affirmative involves,
in my view of the matter, the receipt of the mes-
sage, and I am not of the Opinion that we can
legally receive it, I vote no. When the question
comes up on receiving it, I shall also vote no.
Mr. COLFAX. As a vote to lay the whole
matter on the table will be the strongest mark of
disapprobation which this House can evince, I
vote ay.
Mr. FOSTER. I voted against the reading
of the paper, not because I was opposed to the
reading, but because I did not desire to get at it
in that indirect way. I shall vote to receive and
read the message, if we ever reach that point, and
I therefore now vote no.
Mr. HARRIS,^ of Maryland. I shall vote
against laying on the table, because I desire
that the paper shall be received by the House.
I voted against the proposition of the gentleman
from South Carolina, because I did not desire to
reach the matter in that way. 1 vote no.
Mr. TODD. I desire to give my reasons for
the vote I am about to give. I believe that it is
the du ty of this House to receive these papers if
the President only exercised a constitutional right
in sending them here, but I should be opposed
to any further action upon them, because the
House, in an unorganized slate, 1ms no power to
take action upon them. With this explanation,
I vote no.
Mr. DUNN, (who when his name was called
had voted in the negative.) In compliance with
the wishes of friends, and against my own judg-
ment, I change my vote, and vote ay.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. For the same reason
I do the same thing.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Upon a
reconsideration of the subject and further expla-
nations from gentlemen, I also change my vote,
and vote ay.
After the result ot the vote was announced,
Mr. CLLNGfMAN said: I rise to a privileged
motion, and that is, that when the House ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Wednesday
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to another
one, and that is to call the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
The CLERK appointed Messrs. Seward and
Flagler to act as tellers.
Mr. KELLY. I move to amend the motion
by inserting, instead of " Wednesday next," the
words, " until the first Monday in January."
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that motion
cannot be entertained.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported thirty-one in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being on the motion to adjourn
over until Wednesday next,
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Billinghdrst were appointed.
Mr. DUNN. Before the vote is taken upon
the motion, I desire to ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to accept a modification, so as to
provide that the House shall meet at ten o'clock
on Wednesday. [Cries of " No, no!"]
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, roes 8G.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I called, Mr. Clerk, for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The CLERK. Tho yeas and nays were re-
fused upon the motion.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I hope the
House will give us the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 81, nays 125; as fol-
lows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale,""BeII,
Rocock, Bowie, Boyee, Brooks,Cadwaladei, John P Camp-
bell, Cailile, Caruthers, Caskie, Cluigman, Howell Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Den-
ver, Dotvdcll, Edm'undson, Edwards, Elliott, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Florence, Foster, Gilbert, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Moinson Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas I.. Harris, Haven, Herbert, Jewell, Ken-
nett, ICidwell, Lindley, Mace, Alexandei K. Marshall, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson,Moore, Orr, Paine, Pearce, Porter,Powell,
Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruflm.Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith,William Smith,William'E. Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Stewait, Swope, Taylor, Underwood,Walbridge,
Walker, Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, JohnV. Wright, and
Zolheoffer—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison,Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Hemy Bennett, Benson, Biihnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Bui lingame,
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Williamson B. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comms,
( ivode, Cragin, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell,' Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfee, Emrie, Faulkner, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller,Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentme B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Ilugliston, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Meaoham, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pelton.
Pennington, Periy, Pettit, Pike. Pringle, Purviauce, Pur-
year, Quitman, Ueade, Rohlnfrs, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge,
Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stiana-
han, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tuppe, Tyson,
Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B.Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kins, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—125.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. ENGLISH said: I desire to say that I
was out of the Hall at the time the vote was
taken upon the motion to lay the President's
message and the accompanying papers upon the
table. If I had been in the Hall, I should have
voted in the negative. Upon this motion I vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. RUST said: I have paired oft' with a re-
liable friend of Mr. Banks, and therefore do not
vote.
Mr. WALBRIDGE said: Before I vote, I
wish to know whether the paper laid upon your
table, purporting to be a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, has been received by
this House ?
The CLERK. The pending question is the
motion to adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I know that, but I wish
to understand before I vote, whether the paper
to which I have referred has been received by this
House?
The CLERK. The gentleman asks a question,
which the Clerk does not think it competent for
