1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
laid down in the geographies m my days. I
should like to know from some member of the
committee where it is. I am a solitary exception
on the Committee on Commerce, standing alone
in opposition to these measures. 1 believe they
report favorably on all bills of this character
which are referred to them. I have never known
any proposition reported against that was for the
improvement of a river or harbor. I have not
voted for any of them; but for the sake of in-
formation, I should like to know what is the
population aftd the trade of this place ? I desire
to ascertain whether the harbor is constructed
with a view of building a town there, or whether
a town is already built, which the harbor is to
supply ? First, I should like to know whether
there is any estimate?
Mr. DODGE. The original estimate, made in
1853, was $11,000 " for continuing the harbor at
Sheboygan, Wisconsin." It is a town fifty miles
from Milwaukee, between that place and Green
Bay. It is a very important point at the mouth
of a river, in a rich, fertile country, one of the
most advantageous places for a harbor on the
western shore of Lake Michigan. My friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who has a knowledge
of the country, can vouch for its importance. I
cannot exactly state the population of Sheboygan,
but I think it is larger than that of Racine. It
must be between eight and nine thousand.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, the chairman of the committee, has
explained where this harbor is, and has also
stated the estimates which were made in the year
1853. I hold in my hand an estimate made in
1856. I will read the document accompanying it:
War Department, Washington, May 3,185G.
I have the honor to transmit herewith the rojiort of the
chief of the topomaphicul engineers, inclosing the estiiiutes
made by Major J. 1). Graham for the repairs, &e., of lake
harbors. Very respectfully,
JEFF'N DAVIS, Secretary of War.
The estimates from the topographical bureau
are somewhat elaborate, and they amount to a rec-
ommendation of an appropriation of $3G,614 55.
The committee have recommended the sum stated
in the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it seems that
one portion of these bills has been passed under
one idea, and another portion under another.
Tlie Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Bekjamin,]
in enforcing, with his accustomed ability, the
Mississippi river appropriation, gave us an ac-
count of some ten States interested, and an im-
mense amount of business and trade, and insisted
that that improvement was national. Now, an
appropriation is proposed for a harbor at a town
where there are eight or nine thousand inhabit-
ants. We are not told what is the amount of its
trade, or what reason exists why the public fnnds
of the country should go to the improvement of
this particular place. If we can appropriate to
this town with nine thousand inhabitants, may
not every other locality in the United States which
has nine thousand inhabitants, and especially
those who have no transportation, come in, and
ask to have means of transportation furnished ?
This bill docs not come within any of the prin-
ciples of nationality which wo have heard an-
nounced. I am aware of the fact, that this does
not make any difference here, but I think it my
duty to mention the fact. Look at these esti-
mates. We are presented with written estimates,
made three, or four, or live years ago, and got
from the War Department. They have not been
printed. The Senate knows nothing of them.
Mr. SEWARD. I read a recent estimate for
this year, 185(i.
Mr. TOOMBS. I noticed that the estimate
wljich the Senator read was m manuscript.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; but it was made
this year.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that the Senate does not
know and cannot know the estimates on which
the committee acted. It ought to be the exclusive
business of the committees to lay the facts before
the benate without any expression of opinion
according to the strict parliamentary law; but we
have nothing but their conclusions; we have not
t ie tacts. lhey are not even in print. This is
a pait and parcel of a general scheme to cet
public money on the old and vulgaridea, « Ifyou
St. dteh my back I H tickle your elbow." That
is the idea. I he Senate knows nothing of the cir-
cumstances of these cases. I believe the whole
committee is one-sided. There is no represent-
ation of any adverse opinion except by iny
friend from Alabama, and. his opposition is en-
tirely unavailing. The committee seems to be
composed of gentlemen who are very anxious to
get public money for their own sections. I notice
that the bills reported by the committee contain
large amounts for their own sections of the
Union. They seem to have taken care of that.
Even the estimates of your Departments, on which
you pretend to base these appropriations, are not
given to the Senate. We do not know them. It
is true one has now been called out, but there
seem to be very many Senators who are willing
to take all these measures on trust.
Well, sir, if five gentlemen, constituting a com-
mittee of the Senate, are to take the public Treas-
ury, and appropriate it to internal improvements
as they please, I want the country to know it.
These are all important bills; they concern the
public money; and I wish to got all the inform-
ation I can in regard to them, not so much for my
ownbenefit, because I am against them all, but I de-
sire that the constituents of these gentlemen shall
know on what principle they are voting the pub-
lic money. Especially do I want that great herd
of duped and deceived people in the United States,
who call themselves Democrats, to understand it.
For the last twenty years, they have gone to Bal-
timore and Cincinnati, and declared that Congress
has no constitutional power to commence or
carry on a general system of internal improve-
ments. The honorable Senator from Michigan,
when he accepted their nomination, gave his
hearty approval to that resolution among the rest.
Still they can come here to the Senate, and vote
away the public money on the requisition o'f five
gentlemen from States that are deeply interested in
it. That is the case with the honorable Senator
from Michigan, who, eight years ago, expressed
his hearty concurrence in this very resolution of
the Baltimore platform.
Mr. CASS. And I concur in it now.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, I do not pretend
to say that the Senator is not consistent; but I
desire to know what that resolution means ? I
know that a very large portion of the Democratic
party of the United States believe that it denies
all constitutional power to carry on internal im-
provements by the General Government. That
is the uniform opinion from here to the Gulf of
Mexico, f believe it is the opinion of Demo-
crats at the North. I think it is the honest
opinion of the Democratic masses throughout the
United States, and a' very large body of State
rights Whigs in the South, to which class I
have belonged. All parties in my State agree to
this.^ Does the Democraticpartyunderstand this
provision in a dilferent manner? I know it is
not true of them in my section of the Union,
and I do not believe it to be true except in cases
where they are induced to believe that some
benefit may be derived to themselves from this
policy.
To undertake to say that Congress cannot carry
on a general system, and may carry on particular
measures of improvement, involve a degree of
absurdity whichl cannot understand, and I should
like to hear it explained. The greatest objection
to this mode of proceeding is thatit is no system.
It is a series of local measures ('or individual plun-
der. Jf you systematized it—if you gave the
money according to the wants of the particular
sections in proportion to their population, or
their wealth, or on any other lecognized princi-
ple. scattering the money all over the country in
conformity with the ratio of the tax-payers and
the wants of the Union, one of the greatest diffi-
culties would bo removed. That would not affect
the constitutional power; but it would affect the
question of expediency. Equality is equity in
matters of this kind. I drsire tiie Democratic
masses, the Republican masses, the State-rights
men throughout the country, to understand what
is the tiue construction of the Democratic plat-
form. I think it should be explained for the benefit
of my friend from Louisiana and myself, who
may be considered neophytes m the Democratic
party, both cooperating wii h it in the pending
election for the Presidency. He puts one con-
struction on it, and I another.
I should like to be enlightened by the fathers
on the subject. I should like to know what they
say about it. I know what the Democracy of the
South have said. I know that, when they went
to Baltimore, and passed that resolution as they
did for twenty years, they meant to stand by
Polk's veto, they meant to stand by Madison's
veto, they meant to stand by Jackson's veto,
they meant to stand by the protest of Mr. Jeffer-
son. There is where they thought they stood.
They denied your right to improve harbors; they
denied your right to improve rivers, or to do
anything under the Constitution to facilitate com-
merce.
Mr. CASS. Was that in Jackson's veto ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it was. I know he
vetoed some of the river bills.
Mr. CASS. Yes, some of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is part of the system.
The Democratic platform is against the system
making no distinction between its parts. All this
idea of nationality in these works is the sheerest
delusion that ever was invented. If a great num-
ber of people are interested in these works, why
can they not'make them themselves?# On what
principle is the improvement provided for by this
bill national ? Because it benefits a great many
people ? On the same principle it would be na-
tional to rob the minority of the United States
for the benefit of the majority. Might you not
take my estate, and divide it among the rest of the
people, so as to do them some benefit? It would
require a great deal more than I have to give them
anything; but would not this principle justify it?
I believe many people of this country hold to that
doctrine, and I am satisfied that their principles
are just as sound as those of your internal im-
provement bills. The " vote-yourself-a-farm"
people, who deny that a man has a right to more
houses than he can live in, have just as sound
principles as these internal improvement bills.
May you not, on the same principle, give me
money from the public Treasury, and say that it
is national because it makes me richer, and there-
fore makes fhe nation richer ? In one sense it
would, if it created wealth, but that is altogether a
wrong idea, because transferring money from one
man's pocket to another, or from the pockets of
the people of one portion of the Union to another,
does not increase the national wealth. You may
rob, you may do injustice, but you do not there-
by increase the national wealth. You might as
well say that the highwayman, who comes to
you and tells you to stand and deliver, and takes
your purse, adds to the national wealth because
he increases his own. Wealth cannot be made
in that way.
At one time nationality is the principle, and at
another it is harbors of refuge. Now I want to
come to that point. Are any of these appropri-
ations for harbors of refuge? I appeal to any
honest man in the Senate whether that is the
object of these improvements ? It is not. This
is a pretext—an excuse. If you have the consti-
tutional power to make harbors of refuge, and
you use that as a pretext fraudulently to facili-
tate commerce, you are violating the Constitution
as much as if you were exercising a power
which you had not. If an improvement for
nine thousand people in a back country is suffi-
ciently national, why can you not make an im-
provement for nine thousand people in any other
part of the United States? You can find commu-
nities of that size all over the country.
On a former occasion I stated that there were
a large number of people in this country, like
those in the State of Georgia, who had no rivers,
and we were compelled to expend $20,000,000 out
of our own pockets, for the purpose of making
communications to get our produce to market,
and this Government charged us $1,500 a mile to
do it. Why shall five hundred thousand inhab-
itants of Georgia, thus paying for their own
improvements, be plundered for the benefit of
nine thousand people in Wisconsin? You tell
us that life is destroyed on these Lakes. Are
you a great insurance office? Why not call up
all the people of Wisconsin, and say that you
will give them so much for life insurance and
property insurance ? Is not the principle the
same? This is in direct conflict with tilt- under-
standing of the Democratic party, and with the
understanding which the country had of the opin-
ions of the Senator from Michigan on this subject,
when he was before them as the nominee of the
Democratic party.
