1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
him to decide. The House has beenacting.it
seems to the Clerk, upon the presumption that
the D&Ders referred to were upon the table.
IFr JONES, of Tennessee, (at the Clerk's
desk.) Here they are. ["Right!" "Right!"]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The papers were laid
upon the table, with the motion ?
Mr. LETCHER. They seem to be in a good
state of preservation—all rolled up.
Mr. STEPHENS said: Has the House de-
termined to adjourn until Wednesday!
The CLERIC It has.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I change my vote,
and vote " ay."
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
president's message—again.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I offer
to the House the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat the communication sent by the President
of tlic United States to the House of liepiesematives tins
day, be rcsjiui'lliilly received by tlie Iloib-e, and the Cleik
is (incctoil to take chaige of the same until an oi- atn/.a-
tion of tins House shall have been effected by the election
of a Speaker.
I do not desire to discuss the resolution, but 1
do not understand that the vote to lay the various
motions, which have been presented here to-day,
upon the table, has disposed of the question of
the reception of the message; and 1 am indis-
posed to see this House adjourn without receiv-
ing the message of the President. In offering
tlie resolution ill the terms in which it is couched,
I have indicated my desire to treat the Executive'
with respect, and at the same, time to preserve
what I consider to be the dignity of this House.
I call the previous question on my motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to offer an amendment to his mo-
tion. It is to add, " and that it be read."
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot. I insist upon
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to ask the Clerk a
question. Is that message in your charge now?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. Wait a moment, and allow
the Clerk to answer.
The CLERK, tn reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, the Clerk would say, if the House
should adjourn leaving the papers upon the table,
we shall lock them up in a safe place, awaiting
the further order of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. And they will be forth-
coming when the House calls for them?
The"CLERK. They will.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I think the
papeis have already been received by the House
I shall decline voting upon the resolution of the
gentleman from tucirv-.
Mr. COX. I respectfully ask my colleague
[Mr. Marsiiaij.] to withdraw his demand for
the previous question.
air. MARSHALL. I cannot.
Mr. COX. I wish to say one word in expla-
nation: I shall vote for the resolution of my col-
league—that the message be received. The res-
olution docs not go as far as I desire, but I do
not wish to raise a controversy about it. My
opinion is, that the message ought to be received
and read. I consider it as coming from a co-
ordinate department of the Government, whose
duty it is, under the Constitution, to communi-
cate to Congress, at such times as in his discre-
tion he may deem advisable, information in
regard to the condition of the country. It is his
duty to moke such communications under his
responsibility and 
Mr. MARSHALL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. COX. Does my colleague rise and insist
upon the question of order on me 
Mr. MARSHALL. I must insist on the
question of order. I have called the previous
question.
The CLERK decidcd the debate out of order.
Mr. COX. Very well; I will say what I have
to say at some other time.
Tlie CLER.K. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Coxj having proceeded without objection,
the Clerk did not deem it proper for him to inter-
rupt him. As the point has been raised, however,
the Clerk must decide that the gentleman is out
of order.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, (at twenty minutes to
five p. m.) I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
120; nays 85.
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Bishop, Bh>s, Bococii, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Cadwalader,
John i\ Campbell, OatJile, Cas-kie, Bayaid CUukjClmaman,
Howell Cobb. Williamson ft. W. Cobb, (.'ox, Ciaige, Craw-
foid, Cullcn, IlavHlsoii, Henry VVmtei Davis, Day, Denver,
I lock!, Oowdcll, Dunn, Edinuutlson, Ktlwaids, Elliott, bng-
hsh, Etheridye, liu-tis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Puller, (Jiddings, Uilbeit,
Goode, Greenwoodj Au<iu>tufe llall, J. Moiii^on Harris,
S.u p*on W. lUtiN, Thomas L. Ilaius,Ilari^on, Haven,
Herbeit, llolloway, Thomas R lioiton, Valentine Mor-
ton, Tlmwon, Jewett, Geor«e \V. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kenneu, Kidwell, King, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher,
Lmdlt'V, Lumpkin. Samuel S. Mar-hail, Maxwell, McCaity,
McATulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Mooie, Nor-
ton, Motdecai Oliver, Oir, Paine, Parkei, Peaice, Peek,
Pennington, PettU, Porter, Powell, Pimple, UiehardMin,
Ritchie, Rivers, Itoblmis, Rulfin, Salmi, Savajre, Scott,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed. Stephens, Stewait, Swope, Titppe, Undei-
wo.Hl,'Vml, Wali)Md«e, Walker, Wainet, Ellihu 0 Wusli-
butne, Watkms, Watson, Wheeler, Whitney, Wmslow,
Woodwoiflt, John V. Wncbt, and Zolhcofier—130.
NAYS—Albright, Allison, Bull, Hanks?, Baibom,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinsrhurst, Bingham, Bta<Kliaw,
Bienton, Bioom, Bulfmgton, Burliasame, James JJ. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Chuk, dawson,
Colfav, Coiiims, Covodt1, Crasrm, Cumbaek, i) umoll,
Timothv Davis, Dean, Do Witt, Dick, Dickyon, Durfec,
Hmrie, Flayer, Gallovvav, Grander, Giow, Robeit B. flail,
Hailan, Ilowaid, Huston, Kellv, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Kunkel, Humpiuev Maisliall, Matteson, Mcacham,
Kilhan Millei, Moi an, Morrill, Mot:, Munav, Nichols,
Audievv Olivei, i'eiion, Pom, Pike, Pumanee, Pntycai,
Umtnian. Reade. S.ipe, Samlid'ie, Sapp, Scwaid, Spinner,
Stanton, 'Smxnah'an, Tappan,Thoim^ton,Tluu^ton, Todd,
Tratton, Tyson, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, WaUhon, Cad-
wal.uter C. Wa^ilmtne, Uuu-I Wa.-hbuin, Welch, WolH,
Wood, and WoodiuiF—80.
So the House. agreed to ndjourn.
On motion by Mr. ENGLISH the reading of
tlie yeas hnfl n.iys was dispensed with.
And thereupon (at five o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned to meet on Wednesday, at
twelve m.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 2, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Mr. KNIGHT. One week ago, Mr. Clerk,
I had the honor of offering a lesolution here
which-—-
THE JOURNAL.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) I move to
correct the Journal.
The Clerk assigned the floor to Mr. Giddings,
his motion being a privileged one.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Ch-rk and gentlemen,
I propose to amend the introductory portion of
the Journal by .stating, as precisely as I am capa-
ble of doing, the facts as they occurred; and I
ask the attention of the House while 1 read the
proposed amendment. It is as follows:
After the leading of the Journal of Saturday, and be-
fore the members had ptoceeded to ballot lot Speakui, tlie
Private Secretary of the Present appeared at the bar of
the House, and, without permission of the members, an-
nounced that he wa< directed by the Present oi the United
States to present to the ifou->e of Repie-ipntative-i a mes-
sage in wilting. He then handed a sealed package to Hon
John W. Forney, Clerk of the Hon«eoJ Representatives ol
the la>t Con ies*, and (low, m accordance with p.\;-t cus-
tom, acting by consent as CJeik lor tlie puipose ol
cleetin" a Speakei; and having dehveied f-aid package, he
withdrew : whereupon Mr. Cun'gman moved. &c.
These, Mr. Clerk, I believe to be precisely the
facts as they occurred; and I must desire that
they shail so appear on the Journal.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Let the amendment
be read to the House by the Clerk.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to strike out the
introductory part of the Journal as read by the
Clerk this morning, and insert, in lieu thereof,
what I have proposed.
Mr. WALKER. Before the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is reported by the Clerk,
f should be glad to hear read that part of the
■ Journal which he moves to strike out.
j The CLERK. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio is to strike out the first paragraph
in the Journal, an follows:
"A message in writing, from the President of the United
States, was handed in attire Clerks desk, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretaiy
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
[The Clerk again reported Mr, Giddwgs *s pro-
posed amendment.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire,Mr. Clerk, to make
a correction in^aay amendment, by inserting, in-
stead of Mr. flBiev * 'acting by general consent
as Clerk," the words, "acting as Clerk under the
resolution of 1791.n
Mr. LETCHER. If I recollect the facts of
the delivery of the message they are' these: the
Doorkeeper announced in the aisle, "A message
from the President of the United Stan's;" the
Secretary of the President then addiessed the
Clerk, stating that he had such message; and it
was sent to the Clerk's table without objection
from any one.
Several Members. Certainly there was ob-
jection.
Mr. LETCHER. Accordingto my recollection
no objection was raised until the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ci.ingmant] proposed that the
message be read. Then the gentleman from New
York |Mr. Morgan] called for the yeas and nays
on that morion.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Tllinois. WiU the gen-
tleman from Virginia state whether or not lie is sure
thata message from the President was announced.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I heard it; and then
the Secretary addressed the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNK I thi'ck the gentleman
from Virginia is mistaken. When the package
was handed to the Clerk the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Morgan] rose and made an objection
to the receiving of it, and called for the yeas and
nays.
Air. COBB, of Alabama. That is news to me.
I never heard that.
Mr. LETCLiEPv. As I understand, the report
in the Globe states that tlie objection was to the
leading of the message, and it was on that the
yeas and nay* were callcd.
S< voral Mkmders. That is right.
Mr. T-ETC F-IER. Thatreport is in accordance
with my recollection.
Mr. iVlORGAN. When that package was sent
up to the Clerk's table, before it had actually ar-
rived there, or certainly before it had more than
touched the table, and before any gentleman had
moved for its reading, I rose in my place here
and objected to the reception of that message. 1
think that must be recollected by all gentlemen
who were present. After the gentleman from
North Carolina [Air. Ci.i>rGiMA>r] ii.id made his
motion for reading, then I calh-d tlie yeas and
nays on that motion.
Air. COBB, of Georgia. I did not hear the
statement made by the gentleman from New York
as to what occurred. It seems to me, from hear-
ing the Journal, that the fact is sufficiently and
properly stated. 1 apprehend that there can bo
no doubt about the history of what occurred here
on Monday last.
The Doorkeeper of the House announced "A
message from the President of the United States."
The Secretary of the President then advanced and
announced that he was directed by the President
of the United States to deliver to the House a
communication in writing. The communication
was received by the House without objection.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clintg-
man] then moved that the message be read. The
amendment proposed by the gentl"man from Ohio
to the Journal is therefore unnecessary, because
the facts are correctly stated there as it now stands.
But if the House intends to go into the recital
intimated by the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, 1 must move to amend the amendment
in one particular, if 1 heard it correctly. The
amendment states that the message was delivered
without permission by the House. 1 move to
amend by sirikmg out the word " pormi^ion,"
and inserting the word "objection," so that it
will make it state that the message was received
without objection by the House. That is a iruth-
ful statement of what occuried.
I do not think, however, that it is necessary to
amend the Journal at all. I think that in that
respect it is correctly made up. I mo\e, there-
fore, the amendmentl have intimated to the motion
