116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas Territory—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
happened, by all the civil and military power of
the Territory; and if that failed, he was bound
by his official oath and duty to report it to the
President. He did not do so; and he is here to-
day, indorsed by these very complainants, (the ;
Free-Soil party of the Territory,) who have sent '
him here to represent them. Ami uncharitable,
then, in saying that this is a fraudulent after- 1
thought, gotten up to justify present excesses ?
.This question has but one side; the President has '
interposed Federal authority at the time, and in
the mode, and to the extent required by the laws
and the Constitution. To have done more or less
would have subjected him to the just censure of
Congress and the country. Neither can the at-
tacks on Governor Shannon in any degree aid the
assailants of the President; whether he is a good
or a bad Governor, whether he be saint or sinner,
can in nowise'affect the issue. The time for ex-
ecutive action provided for in the laws of the
Constitution has come, and the enemies of law
and order had better see to it that they do not
bring themselves under its penalties. If the Ex-
ecutive has erred at all in this matter, it is by em-
bracing in his proclamation a warning against the
invasion of the Territory from without, because
it is by no means clear that he had authoritative
evidence to act against any body of men except
the persons opposing the laws of the Territory,
described in Governor Shannon's demand for as-
sistance. If he had acted alone on the call of
persona without lawful authority who are acting
against the constituted authorities, it would be
difficult to justify such action. But I do not com-
plain of it, because I intend, to the uttermost
verge of the law, to su^Mjn the supremacy of
 .law in that Territory. I Wll maintain its peace
at every cost. If traitors seek to disturb the
peace of the country, I desire that it shall be no
sectional contest—I do not see the end of that. I
frefer that the conflict should be between the
ederal Government and the lawless. I can see
the end of that. The law will triumph and the
evil stop. And I tell the Senator from New
Hampshire that the first gun, which he so much
deprecates, will fire the moment the laws of that
Territory are opposed by force and trodden down 1
by lawless violence, either from within or from |
without. And the reverberation of its echoes
from the hills and valleys of the North or the ;
South will but summon every true man in the Re- '
public to_ the maintenance of the laws and the |
preservation of the Republic. He may want a J
sectional contest; he cannot getit. The President 1 i
has wisely and patriotically announced that the
contest shall not begin; that this design of frantic !;
malcontents shall be defeated; that there shall be
erected a national standard, around which to rally
patriots from all parts of the Republic, against
disorganizing agitators and lawless disturbers of
rightful authority; that he will resist insurrection
against the existinggovernment of Kansas, which
he decides to be lawful; that he will resist inva-
ders frorn Without, if there be any such, as al-
leged by his opponents; that the laws of the Ter-
ritory shall be maintained; that peace shall be
preserved against the dangers of sectional strife,
and that law, and not disorder, shall be king in
Kansas. This isthe whole case. The policy of
the President, I repeat, commends itself, by its
Wisdom, its justice, and its moderation, to patri-
ots everywhere. They win sustain it.
Ihe Senator from New Hampshire seems to .
desire strife and agitation; he therefore travels
Qut of the record and the case before the Senate to
assail citizens of Missouri. I know not whether
the allegations he has made against them be true
G1i i ,. . know that the authority upon
which he relies is bad, and not to be depended
upon; it is not such as would influence my opinion
against any one—not the Senator himself. One
of the points which he makes against a gentleman
whom I well know, and whom I am happy to
number among my friends-the former President
of this body [Mr. Atchison]—is based upon a
report of his speech which has found its way into
the New York Times! That is the authority upon
which it rests. Let it rest there. But I again re-
peat, that if we admit that the citizens of Missouri
are guilty of ail the outrages charged against
them by the " free-State men," it does but more
perfectly vindicate the wisdom and necessity of
the policy of the President. We who passed this
Kansas bill, both at the North and the South, in-
tend to maintain its principles: we do not intend
j to be driven from them by clamor, nor by assaults,
I nor by falsehoods, nor any other invention of its
faithless and impotent assailants. These princi-
ples we expound for ourselves. We intend that
the actual, bona fide settlers of Kansas shall be
( protected in the full exercise of all the rights of
freemen; that, unawed and uncontrolled, they
shall freely and of their own will legislate for
1 themselves to every extent allowed by the Con-
stitution, while they have a territorial govern-
ment; and when they shall be in a condition to
come into the Union, and may desire it, that they
shall come into the Union with whatever repub-
j Iican constitution they may prefer and adopt for
themselves; that in the exercise of these rights
thev shall be protected against insurrection from
within and invasion from without. The rights
are accorded to them without any reference to the
result, and will be maintained, in my opinion, by
the South and the North. I stood upon this
ground at the passage of the bill; I shall maintain
it with fidelity and honor to the last extremity.
The Senator from New Hampshire, seeming un-
able to comprehend the principles of the Kansas
bill, attempts to show that, in the'opinion of many
of its supporters, the Territory would be a free
State under its action. That opinion was certainly
held by many of them, and is now held by many i
of them. Though I expressed no opinion on the
subject, I thought then, and think now, that such '
would most probably be its future destiny; though
; the friends of that measure, both from the North
and South, placed their support of it upon no such
basis. They supported the bill without reference 1
to the result. Many of- thert believed the Mis-
souri restriction was unconstitutional; others be-
lieved it unwise and unjust; that it had been con-
demned by a very large majority of the people of ,
the United States, as evidenced by their support
of the acts of 1850, commonly called the compro-
mise measures; and that, therefore, it ought to be
repealed. If the Senator could showthat their
opinions of the result of the effects of climate,
productions, and the laws of emigration were er-
roneous, he would not thereby progress an inch
in attacking the soundness, justice, and propriety
of the measure, nor in showing the least incon-
sistency in those who supported it. They sup-
ported it because it was right, and left the future
to those who were to be affected by it. The great-
est unforeseen element to defeat these expectations
has been supplied by the folly and madness of
that Senator's friends, who have attempted to
forestall and thwart the legitimate action of these i
causes, by irregular and improper efforts to con- ;
trol them, and have thereby introduced active and
energetic opposing elements in the contest. t
_ Against all these conflicting efforts and opin- '
ions, the friends of the Constitution, justice, and
eqVfhtv have hitherto held, and will continue to
hold, the seafcs of justice even and unshaken.
We still tell all the joint owners of this public
j a^n t0 enter ®nd enj°y i4' both in North
and the South, with property of every sort; exer-
, cise the full powers of American freemen; legis-
late for yourselves to any and every extent, and
I upon any and every subject allowed by our com-
mon Constitution; the Federal Government will
protect you against all who attempt to disturb you
in the exercise of these invaluable rights; and
when you have become powerful and strong
enough to bear the burdens, and desire it, we will
admit you into the family of sovereigns without i
reference to your opinions and your action upon ■'
African slavery. Decide that question for your- -
selves, and we will sustain your decision, be-
cause it is your right to make it. This is the 'i
policy of the Kansas bill; it wrongs no man—no '
section of our common country. But it is said )'
that one of our grounds of defense of the institu-
Uon of slavery is, that it was forced upon us by
Old Eng andpfind participated in by New Eng-
land; and, therefore, we are not responsible for it:
therefore, we are called upon not to imitate the
example and force it upon Kansas. I will not-
£ i?6S n°u' leaves the responsibility alone
and wholly with those to bo affected by it. While
witti those to bo affected by it. While
I neither use nor approve the argument, yet its
force is not weakened by the point made ]jy the
Senator. If it wore true and sound, the obliga-
tion on New England would be just as great not
I to war upon it in Kansas as in Georgia. If it
was here by.thcir act, they would act as unjustly
and as inhumanly by restricting it to limits alike
destructive to the happiness and prosperity of
master and slave as by exterminating the race in
the States where it exists. We have never asked
the Government to carry, by force or in any other
way, slavery anywhere. We do not desire it.
We only demand that the inhabitants of the Ter-
ritories shall decide the question for themselves,
without the interference of the Government or
the intermeddling of those who have no right to
decide it. We have again and again reiterated
these principles. We have steadily acted on
them. The Senator does not attempt to answer
them, but seeks to mystify them and the true
issues by a rambling stump speech, perhaps de-
livered for the fiftieth time, filled with odds and
ends, " old saws and modern instances," bits and
scraps from party newspapers and party resolu-
tions reflecting on the living and the dead. Those
things may all answer very well for the political
canvass now going on in New Hampshire, for
which they were doubtless intended; but they
certainly do not elucidate any of the questions
under consideration in this debate; nor does liis
effort to show that certain persons in New Hamp-
shire—probably his now political opponents—a
dozen y«ars since, held opinions different from
those now entertained by them, contribute to that
end. Ten years of argument, discussion, and
patriotic consideration of these questions have
changed the opinions of great numbers of able,
honest, and patriotic men, including, perhaps, tho
very persons to whom'he refers, upon the sub-
ject of the power of Congress to prohibit slavery
in the Territories; and great numbers of such pa-
triotic men have been bold and honest enough to
accept the truth for error, and act upon it, and to
leave their cast-off errors to the assiduous nursinw
of the Senator from New Hampshire. °
It seems exceedingly difficult to settle even a
question of historical fact with some gentlemen
upon this floor. We are now brought back again
by the Senator to the question of the power of
Congress to prohibit slavery in the common Ter-
ritories; but I do not intend to argue it; I argued
it at the other end of this Capitol in 1850, when
j 1 supported what are known as the compromise
measures. I argued it in the Senate two years
I ago, when the Kansas and Nebraska act was
i passed; and I have recently argued it in another
place. I am, therefore, on the record, and I do
not intend now to go through the argument
again; but I wish to correct some statements in
regard to one or two questions of fact which
have arisen in the course of this debate.
The Senator paid a just tribute to one of the
mort philosophic, calm, and patriotic men pro-
duced by the Revolution—Mr. Madison, a man
whom I regard as the model of a statesman. He
quotes him as authority in favor of the prohibi-
tion. Well, sir, Mr. Madison's opinion on this
subject, under his own hand, has been before the
country for several years,in which he denies this
power to Congress. The letter referred to has
been printed for several years; itmust, therefore,
have escaped the Senator's attention. I will read
what he said upon this subject. I have not the
book before me, but I have this opinion, quoted
in a speech which I delivered here two years ago,
when the Kansas and Nebraska bill was under
discussion. Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mr.
Monroe in 1820, says:
"On one side it naturally occurs that the risht hpincr
given from the necessity of the case, and in suspension of
the great principle of self-government, ought not to be ex-
That was as to the clause in the Constitution
giving Congress powertomake   all needful rules
ana regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." But
Mr. Madison goes further:
"The questions to be decided seem to be—
of i^^tpowe^oT' reStriCti°n be a" aSSUmpti°n
.A misuse of legitimate power; and, if the latter onlv
Whether tho injury threatened to the nation from.an aeaiU-
greater? misuse or from a frustration of it, be the
" On the first point there is certainly room for difference
