1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
ing out St. Clair flats. I do not believe there is
any difference; but these are parts of a partial,
local, and imperfect system of internal improve-
ments, instead of a general and equal system
which, if anyis adopted, should be adopted by
the country.
Mr. JOHNSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Arkansas
allow me to make a few remarks in conjunction
with those of my friend from Georgia ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I give way to the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. I think this is the most ex-
traordinary legislation which I have ever known
or heard of in any country. I have asked dif-
ferent Senators, and they have been unable to
give me even an account of the place. When I
ask where is the place for which this appropriation
is proposed?—what is the nature of the harbor?
■—what is the depth of waterthey cannot inform
me; and yet I am told they will vote for these
measures. I ask them for information in regard
to them, but I can get none. I am required to sit
still and not oppose appropriations, when the
gentlemen who vote for them cannot tell me where
the places are. They have not even gone to the
pains of looking at the gazetteer. Now, let me
read for the information of the Senate and the
country, from our printed Calendar, the titles of
some of these bills:
" (S. No. 36.) Bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at Marquette, on Lake Superior in the
State of Michigan. Brought m on leave by Mr. Stuart.
The bill has been read the third time. Reported by Mr.
Stuart—Committee on Commeice.
" (S. JVo. 88.) Bill foi continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin. Brought in on leave by
Mr. Dodge. Mr. Dodge—Committee on Commeice.
" (S. No. 89.) Bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Racine, Wisconsin. Brought m on leave by Mr.
Dodge. Mr. Dodge—Committee on Commerce.
*< (S. No. 90.) fill! for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin. Brought m on leave by
Mr. Dodge. Mr. Dodge—Committee on Commerce.
" (S. No. 91.) Bill lor continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin. Brought m on leave by
Mr. Dodge. Mr. Dodge—Committee on Commerce.
" (S. No. 92.) Bill tor continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Brought in on leave by
Mr, Dodge. Mr. Dodgis—Committee on Commerce."
Now the tune changes a little:
** (S. No. 37.) Bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Kalamazoo river,Jn
the State of Michigan. Brought in on leave by Mr. Stuart.
Reported by Mr. Stuart—Committee on Commerce.
11 (fa'. No. 38.) BUI making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black river, in
the State of Michigan. Brought in on leave by Mr. Stuart.
Mr. Stuart—Committee on Commerce.
(S. No. 39.) Bill making an appropnation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the
State of Michigan. Brought m on leave by Mr. Stuart.
Mr. Stuart—Committee on Commerce.
" (S. No. 40.) Bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Black Lake, in the
Slate of Michigan. Brought in on loaves by Mr. Stuart.
Mr. Stuart—Committee on Commerce
" (S. No. 4i.) Bill making an apptopruuion for the con-
etiuetion of a harbor at New Buffalo, in the State ot Mich-
igan. Brought in on leave by Mr. Stuart. Mr. Stuart
—Commute*' on Commeice."
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to dispense with
the reading. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. BUTLER. I have no doubt my friend is
tired of hearing all these names. What I have
read thus far is all Wisconsin or Michigan.
Mr. C LAY. 1 will state to my friend that out
of this fund of two and a half millions, the sum
of $300,000 only is appropriated to the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr. CASS. To the whole river and its tribu-
taries ?
Mr. CLAY. About that.
Mr. CASS. That is a mistake.
Mr. CLAY. I will say, furthermore, that
from an estimate, I find that about twenty-five
percent, of the entire amount of appropriations
tor these improvements goes to the State of
Michigan.
Mr. CASS. It is a mistake.
Mr. CLAY. I can prove it by figures. About
twenty-five per cent, of the entire amount goes
to the State of Michigan, and about twenty per
Crn-\ir a,;cor<i"lS to. my recollection, to the State
of Wisconsin. Eighty per cent, of the whole
sum goes to the northwestern States, and to the
vf ^orli;- Ican adduce the proof of it
ivlr. CASS. The honorable Senator is labor-
ing under a misapprehension. There is a lake
coast in Michigan of two hundred miles, for
wlueh eleven appropriations ara proposed. Two
have been passed which relate to the great north-
western communications, and not to Michigan
alone. There are two bills for Lake Superior,
and including those, the whole amount for the
harbors in Michigan, is but little upwards of
$350,000.
Mr. CLAY. I will show the Senator to-mor-
row that the amount is §500,000.
Mr. CASS. The gentleman includes the ap-
propriations for the St. Clair flats and the St.
Mary's river, which have no more reference to
the State of Michigan than to half the Union.
They are on the great lines of communication
between the lakes. Including those items, the
whole sum amounts to $500,000. I think the
gentleman will not maintain, on reflection, that
for the whole Mississippi there is only $300,000.
Mr. CLAY. I think that is the fact.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to detain the
Senate; but when bills of this kind are brought
in, I have no apology to offer for exposing them
I do not intend to make apologies for taking up
the time of the Senate in exposing such bills as
these. When 1 call on one half the Senators
voting for them, they cannot tell me even where
the places are, and never heard of them before.
I nave heard it said that the highest eulogy to
be pronounced on a great man is, that he can
be found in the position of a schoolboy. The
highest evidence of what is a national improve-
ment on the great channels of communication, is
to be found by reference to rivers and harbors
known to history and geography. You cannot
find these remote places even m a gazetteer. If
you were to present a proposition to vote for an
improvement in Okoponoko to-morrow, to cut
through the swamp, the persons who are voting
for this now, might just as well vote for that.
They cannot tell us where these places are. The
Senator from Arkansas got tired of hearing me
read some of these names. If I had gone on
myself, I should have been tired of pronouncing
Michigan and Wisconsin, and presently New
York would come up, which is a part of the
same system. I have no doubt that gentlemen
get tired of hearing these things, but they shall
have line upon line, and precept upon precept.
Sir, it would be the hardest lesson that was
ever given to a school-boy, to require him to study
the geography of the places proposed to be im-
proved by the public money. They are not to
improve a harbor; they are to improve local
property. That is the amount of it. You can-
not disguise the fact that such is the effect. Yet
I am, I suppose, to sit quietly, and in some
measure to be rebuked by the impatient hand
that wants the money. I will not submit to this.
The only regret I have in this matter is that I
shall have in some form to bring myself in oppo-
sition to my venerable friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Douue.] I do not blame him. He is a
veteran. He understands his interests, and he
maintains them. But I perceive how they come
in conjunction with many others.
The Senator from Michigan speaks of the lake-
coast around his State. Why, sir, there is a
horse-shoe of water around Michigan. Suppose
I were to ask for an appropriation on the Atlantic
coast, from Maine to New Orleans, on the same
footing on which he asks for appropriations, ac-
cording to the extent of coast; he may make his
calculation to-morrow, and he will find the amount
to be enormous. His little coast is magnified
every time we hear of it. Each one of these places,
though it is but a speck on the map, can be mag-
nified here in five minutes by the rhetoricians ni
favor of this system, into a. great town. These
places can assume a great importance if you sur-
render them to the magnifying influence of those
gentlemen who go of course for nothing but pa-
triotism and nationality, and care nothing for
these appropriations on their own account! °
Sir, this is an extraordinary system; and no
confederacy can last with a power of combination
to take the public property from all, and give it
away partially to some, to the exclusion of others;
and yet that is the result of your system. I did
not iatend to allude to the bill for the canal at the
Falls of St. Mary's again, but the nature of the
debate seems to force it upon me. I know that
that measure was not presented under the power
to regulate commerce, though it is now vindi-
cated on that ground. It was urged as a war
measure—to cut a canal to save Michigan to
save a region of country that had been conse-
crated by the valor of as brave people as evet
fought on earth. Who supposes that a foreign
enemy will ever go there ? They obtained that
appropriation under the war power. As the Sen-
ator from Georgia says, when you ask them why
they claim an appropriation for the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, the plea is nationality;
and when you ask the reason for an appropri-
ation for a harbor, the answer is that it is a harbor
of refuge ! How do I know it ? Where do I
learn that it is a harbor of refuge ? Mr. Calhoun
could not have voted for the improvement of the
harbor of Charleston, in his native State, on his
own principles,for it was a harbor of commerce;
but here gentlemen are voting for these improve-
ments, sometimes because the port to be im-
proved is a harbor of commerce, and sometimes
because it is a harbor of refuge, and sometimes
because it assumes a national character. Take it
all and all, under the war power and the commer-
cial power, you find it, after all, nothing but the
convenient excuse of taking the money because
you have the power of voting it. I know we are
perfectly helpless.
Mr. President, if to-morrow a general system
of internal improvements were to be devised, and
I could vote for an alteration of the Constitution
of the United States, so as to enable Congress to
have such a power, and to exercise it by a two-
third vote, I would be for a great highway from
Buffalo to New Orleans, in preference to any of
these communications. That would be equal; it
would contribute to all sections fairly. This con-
tributes to but one, and must necessarily be par-
tial. As I have before said, the power of the
Federal Government to use the public money to
improve one place and depress another, is little
less than the power which has been claimed by
Mr. Espy, of raising a cloud here, and making
rain fall there, wherever a man can make it rain.
It is a poorer that none but God can rule with
justice. As long as you leave it to the tempta-
tions of selfish man, I know where the money
will go. It will go to make the rich richer, and
the poor poorer. 1 have read from the Calendar
the list of these bills. If I were to go on, I
should soon come to New York; and when I do
come to New York, I do not intend to spare, but
I shall speak with gloves off.
Mr. JOHNSON. I yielded to the Senator
from South Carolina, because I knew that he
wished to argue this matter. I have no disposi-
tion to argue it.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not worth while for you
to argue it.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; it is of no use t.o
argue it. The Senator says it is a foregone con-
clusion, and he knows it, and so does my friend
from Georgia; and yet they argue it. They are
in a minority in this matter. That is a position
new to them, and they are very impatient at it.
It is a place of suffering to them. They know
their helplessness; and yet they will fightagainst
the skies and against fate. They will not con-
sent to the introduction of the previous question
here by which the liberty of debate will be con-
trolled; and yet, irrational as it seems to me, they
continue a debate which has lasted for years,
when they admit tliatnothing new can be asserted
in favor of, or in opposition to, these measuies.
They tell us the same thing over and over again,
until now, after three o'clock, it is evident that
there is no quorum present. They perceive the
impatience of the Senate. I know that, acting
with the majority constantly on other questions,
they are very much inclined, when there is any
manifestation of that sort, to cry out " faction !
factious opposition ! intolerent and intolerable !"
When they perceive that a measure is going to pass,
why not let it go at once, and permit the public
business to progress? If there was anything new
to be said on this subject, I have no doubt the
Senate would be glad to hear it; but I believe that
even the gentlemen who are debating it have
studied it so completely, and discussed itso thor-
nughiy, and expressed sofully all their conclusions
heretofore, that they can do no more than reiter-
ate their old ideas in new language. I trust that
at least those who support those bills will come
to the conclusion to say nothing, but to sit still
and let gentlemen on the other side talk if they
will. Experience has shown that this is the only
way to dispose of measures of this kind.
