1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas Territory—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
of opinion; though, for myself, I mast own that t have
always leaned to the belief that the restriction was not vrithin
the true tcope of the Constitution."
This is an extract from a letter written by Mr.
Madison, in 1820, to Mr. Monroe, then President
of the United States, when the question arose,
and when, I assert, this independent power of
prohibition was seriously claimed for the first
time in either branch of the Congress of the United
States. Therefore, while the authority of Mr.
Madison is quoted in support of this power, he
himself, at the very time when the power was as-
serted , and excited the greatest amount of popular '
interest, spoke for himself, and gave his clear and
explicit opinion against its constitutionality.
Again: thegentieman saye that General Wash-
ington was in favor of this prohibition. He in-
vites us to go back to the fathers of the Republic.
It is wholly useless, I believe, to attempt to set
gentlemen right who do not intend to be set right
on a question of historical fact. The act of August
7, 1789, which the Senator quoted,and says that
Washington signed, says not a word upon this
question of prohibition. It does not allude to it in
the remotest manner. The ordinance of 1787 had
been passed two years before; it had been accepted
by the old Confederation. The government of
that Territory was in actual existence under the
old Confederation, with the right secured to Con-
press to appoint its officers. The new Constitu-
tion was adopted, and Congress met in 1789. By
that Constitution Congress was bound by all con-
tracts of the old Government ; and Congress passed
this act:
" Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United
States in Congress assembled, for the government of the
territory northwest of the river Ohio, may continue to have
full effect, it is requisite that certain provisions should be
made so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution of
the United States."
That is what the bill proposed. To give effect
to the ordinance, to adapt it to the pfesent Con-
stitution , they say it is necessary to pass this law,
and what was it ?—
"Be it enacted, tfc., That in all eases in which, by the
■aid ordinance, any information is to be given or communi-
cation made by the Governor of the said Territory to the
United States in Congress assembled, or to any of their
officers,it shall be the duty of the said Governor to give such
information, and to make such communication to the pres-
ident of the United States, and the President shall nomin-
ate, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, shall appoint all officers which by the said ordinance
were to have been appointed by the United States in Con-
gress assembled, and all officers so appointed shall be com-
missioned by him; and in all cases where the United
States in Congress assembled might, by the said ordinance
revoke any commission, or remove from any office, the
President is hereby declared to have the same powers of j
revocation and removal." '
This section does nothing but confer the ;
powers which the contract gave to the old Gov- j
ernment to the new one, subject to the restric-
tions of the Constitution. Again: in the second
section we find the following:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case of the
death, removal, resignation, or necessary absence of the
Governor of the said Territory, the Secretary thereof shall
be, and is hereby, authorized and required to execute all
the powers and perform all the duties of the Governor
during the vacancy occasioned by the removal, resignation,
or necessary absence of the said Governor.
" Approved August 7,1789."
I have read every word of the act.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Georgia whether he does not consider that the
ordinance of 1787 was as effectually reenacted
by that Congress as if set out in totidem verbis in
that act.
Mr. TOOMBS. I certainly do not. It was not
reenacted at all. There was no effort to reenact
it. The ordinance purports on its face to be
a contract between the people of Virginia, the
inhabitants of the Northwest Territory, and the
Government of the United States, perpetual and
unalterable, except by the consent of all parties.
It was accepted by all three of the 'parties. It
was a contract executed. The first Congress
found it in existence. The Constitution had
affirmed the validity of contracts made under the
Confederacy. The original ordinance provided
for the appointment of officers by Congress. The
act which the Senator quoted, and which I have
read, simply made that provision conform to the
Constitution of the United States. How can the
first Congress be said to have adopted the ordi-
nance of 1787 by that action? By what con-
struction can that be contended ? It is said they
accepted the grant with the prohibition of slavery.
| They did not even do that. But that same Con-
gress, in which were Madison and the other great
| men whom the Senator from New Hampshire
1 named, did accept from North Carolina a grant
! of the territory which now constitutes the State
: of Tennessee, with a pro-slavery clause, and
: carried that clause in the territorial bill. Your
territorial act for Tennessee not only carried out
that provision, but extended it to all territory
claimed by the United States south of the Ohio
river. There was a tract of territory in the
southwest which the United States claimed inde-
pftidently of any State control or authority, and
over that territory, in 1798, in the time of John
Adams, a territorial government was established,
and the act repeated the ordinance of 1787 in
words, excluding the anti-slavery clause. The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire wants
the practice of our fathers. I will give it to him.
I say the prohibition of slavery cannot be found
on the statute-book, even impliedly, from the
establishment of this Government, under the
Constitution, until 1820; and I stand ready at all
times to make good the assertion, and demand
proof of a single statute to the contrary. Such
prohibition cannot be found in the statutes of the
United States. The right to prohibit the people
of the different States of this Union to go into the
common territories with their slave property was
1 never asserted by the Congress of the United
States from 1789 to 1820. The elder Adams of
Massachusetts signed a bill establishing a terri-
| torial government over a country claimed by
independent authority—the only foot of territory
which the United States claimed in their own
right, without grant, unfettered by the conditions
of any grant; and in regard to that territory they
struck out in words tne sixth, or anti-slavery,
section of the ordinance of 1787, and extended
i the residue of the ordinance to it. It is true that,
! upon each division of the Northwest Territory,
| the whole ordinance was applied to each of its
parts, but that was in pursuance of the contract
with the old Confederation.
In 1803, under the administration of Mr. Jef-
! ferson, we established the territorial governments
I of Orleans and Louisiana, and subsequently in the
1 same region the Territories of Missouri and Ar-
kansas. In 1819 we obtained a cession of Florida
from Spain, and established a territorial govern-
ment there. In all these cases there was no pro-
1 hibition of slavery. No such prohibition was
, enacted until 1820, upon the proposition to admit
Missouri as a State. The Congress of 1820 was
the first that ever assumed and exercised such a
power. Thirty years had then elapsed since
the formation oftne Constitution. Almost all the
fathers of our Government had gone to their
graves. Then it was that ambition, defeated
hopes, blasted political prospects, brought strife
ana mischief into the public councils; then it was
that the equitable and just policy of our fathers
| was abandoned; then we "sowed the wind,"and
are now "reaping the whirlwind." Then it was
a former distinguished citizen of Massachusetts,
, though at that time u Senator from New York,
Rufus King, inaugurated the policy of prokibi-
1 tion. It had no support, no pretense of founda-
tion, in the practice of the fathers from 1789 to
1820. _ Eight territorial governments were set in
operation by Congress, by the fathers of the Re-
: public, without the assertion in any of them of
j this power of prohibition. When it was then
proposed, those of the fathers who were living,
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison, and others, came
forward and put their condemnation upon that
assumption of unconstitutional authority.
I am very happy to observe the tone of moder-
ation expressed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire upon the general question. I cordially
reciprocate it. If he only desires, as he asserts,
that there shall be no aggression on either side,
I will strike hands with him, and let the ques-
tion be settled on that basis, now, finally, and
forever^ The country will respond to the senti-
ment. Let there be no legislative aggression on
either side. Look through the records of the
country, and show a single act, from the begin-
ning of the Government to this hour, where the
South have perpetrated any aggression on the
North, and I would claim it as a privilege to
strike it from the statute-book. Nor do I com-
plain of any on the other side until 1820; but I
do affirm, that the moment when you said wo
should be shut out from the common territories
of the Union unless we abandoned our slave
property, it was aggression. It is aggression to
exclude fifteen States of this Union from the com-
mon territories purchased by the common blood
and common treasure. We think no fair man
can deny that proposition. This wrong was sub-
mitted to by the South for above thirty years,
when similar questions, in the march of events,
again arose in the national councils. Acqui-
escence was claimed as not only sanctifying the
old wrong, but as a precedent for inflicting new
ones. The country was aroused; the question
spread from the halls of legislation to the homes
of the people; and, upon a full and fair hearing,
the patriotic men of the North pronounced against
the usurpation, and united with us to defeat the
attempted repetition of the wrong, and to bring
back the legislation of the country to its ancient
landmarks, by the repeal of the Missouri restric-
tion; therefore, upon this most important and
dangerous of all the forms in which the slavery
question can be presented, we are now without
aggression on either side. If the Senator from
New Hampshre is sincere, he will stand there.
The common property is open to the common
enjoyment of all: let it remain so; and let us unite
and firmly support those measures which will
protect all alike in the peaceable enjoyment of
their rights. This was not achieved by the South,
i She could not do it. The patriotic men of the
North magnanimously struck for the right—for
1 equality under the Constitution.
Sir, (addressing Mr. Hale,) you may denounce
! them for it, but you cannot make your cause the
j cause of the North. It is not a question of sec-
: tions. Thousands of men upon both sides of
Mason and Dixon's line are patriotic enough to
treat it, as it deserves to be treated, as a question
of the Constitution, and they have done so. You
have not driven that great phalanx of true-hearted
national men from the public councils by de-
nouncing them as "dougn-faces."
I regretted exceedingly to hear the Senator from
New Hampshire, a few days since, say that the
North had always been practically in a minority
in Congress, because we of the South bought up
as many northern men as we wanted! The peo-
ple of the South—one third only of the white pop-
ulation of the United States—are thus deliberately
charged by a northern Senator with ruling the
republic, and putting the North in a practical mi-
nority for fifty years by purchasing up his coun-
trymen. Sir, I stand here to-day, in behalf of
the North, to repel the accusation.
Mr. HALE. Who made it?
Mr. TOOMBS. You said it; I have it before
me in your printed speech; I heard it delivered,
and you are correctly reported. I deny it; it is
a slander on my countrymen. Northern states-
; men have sold themselves out in quantities to suit
Eurchasers for fifty years! New Hampshire sell
er honor and her interest to " southern slave-
I drivers!" If it had been true, it would rather
1 become her own son to have thrown the mantle
over her shame, and concealed it from all eyes,
j even his own, than to have become her accuser,
i I think the Senator mav search in vain, even in
S the bitterest tirades of abuse and villification ever
uttered by th ose whom he terms " border ruffians,''
for any language so strong, any accusation so dis-
graceful, as that made by himself against his awn
countrymen.
What proof is offered us*in support of this
accusation ? The Senator pointed us to the an-
nexation of Texas. " Perhaps," said he, in this
connection, " that was a northern aggression."
The question of the annexation of Texas was
first brought before this body in a treaty made
by President Tyler; it was rejectecU'by a large
majority, composed of a majority of the South,
as well as the North. It was adopted a  a party
! measure by the Democratic convention, ?n 1844,
| which nominated Mr. Polk. It was openly and
, fairly put before the people of the United States;
everywhere discussed and commented upon; em-
blazoned on every Democratic banner through-
'■ out the Union, and decided by the people in
