1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*727
I know, sir, that what I hare said will not be
talcen discourteously by those gentlemen, for
there are none in the Senate whom I like better
personally, or for whom I can have any higher
respect; but I submit to them that nothing is to
be gained by talking forever. It will convince
nobody, and they themselves acknowledge that
it is hopeless. Then why keep on? Why not
end the discussion >
We have been brought to our present condition,
it seems to me, by the bad management of those
who have opposed measures of this description.
I do not desire to go into an argument on that
question; but it is plain to my mind that if they
had been rational enough to admit certain un-
questionable points, we could have agreed pretty
well, and their vetoes could have been sustained.
As it is, they have driven us to wild conse-
quences, which any rational man, it seems to me,
'must have seen beforehand would be the result,
until now there is an utter state of disorganiza-
tion in reference to the whole question, and the
end cannot be told by any man. This has re-
sulted from the intemperate action, I think, of
the enemies of these measures. By what is called
nerve and resolution, they have carried their op-
position so far that it is almost impossible to
leave any man the privilege of judging for him-
self, in regard to these improvements, by any
proper rule to promote the best interests of the
country. They have done this on the plea of
opposition to a system of national improvements.
X conscientiously believe that they might have
sustained their vetoes if they had made very
slight concessions, so as to sccuro certain great
points; but men will not stand the application of
the whip and the lash. I say that these gentle-
men, it seems to me, have demoralized the sys-
tem by their own folly, bad judgment, and weak-
ness. They come forward, and act with impa-
tience and impetuosity, so that they have driven
us into the present condition of things. They
know and admit that their opposition now is
hopeless and helpless, and still they keep up a
species of guerrilla skirmish that does not rise
to the dignity of argument—at least, so it seems
to me.
I do not often trespass on the Senate, and I
should not have said a word on this occasion
but for the peculiar circumstances by which we
are surrounded. It seems to me that now there
is not a quorum present, and that in the present
state of affairs it would be better to adjourn, and
then, when we come back to-morrow refreshed,
perhaps after a fewheavy set speeches from those
fentlemen, they will allow us to go on and vote,
.et me express the sincere hope that those Sen-
ators who are in favor of the measure, having
already defended tliern sufficiently, will be silent.
Under present circumstances, if no gentleman
wishes to speak now, I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall speak when I choose,
and on what subjects I please, though I have
great regard for my young friend from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator does not
regard what I have said as meant to be personal
at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly n'ot. I have no
complaint on that score; but I would ask any
man here whether I am reduced to such a posi-
tion that I am to sit still and suffer every bill to
pass that comes from the Committee on Com-
merce without asking for some explanation, or
making an examination or exposure of its merits ?
Will my friend from Arkansas tell me that he
would vote for ten more bills brought in by that
committee to-morrow without examination? Will
he tell me that he will vote for every bill brought
here ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will tell the Senator this.
If he and others had not pursued the course they
have pursued, which was deceptive in itself, com-
pelling us to separate these items, and put each
one in a distinct bill, instead of having them all
presented in a general bill which we could inves-
tigate, and from which we could strike out im-
proper items, we could have examined the cases
before us, and rejected improper items. I have
always voted to strike out many items from gen-
eral bills. Now I cannot take each one of these
separate bills and investigate it. No member of
the body can do it. No one can do it but a
member of the committee who devotes himself
exclusively to it.
Mr. CLAY. Then the Senator will vote for
every bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will vote for every one
which the committee reports.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator will vote for them
on the testimony of the member who introduces
them; for I venture the assertion, that there has
been not a bill introduced by any member of the
Senate, and referred to that committee, which
the five members who support these propositions
have not recommended. We are reduced by the
testimony of the Senator from Arkansas to this:
that if a member introduces a bill here for any
matter of internal improvement we shall vote
for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not my testimony.
Mr. CLAY. Then the Senator does it on the
testimony of the committee, and they take the
testimony of individual members.
Mr. JOHNSON. I take the testimony of the
committee; and now I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, whether the state-
ment of the Senator from Alabama is correct,
that they have reported favorably on every bill
which has been introduced here ?
Mr. DODGE. I do not so understand.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator to state the first
bill introduced at this session, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce, that has been reported
adversely upon. I say the records will sustain
me in my recollcction, that every one has been
reported upon favorably.
Mr. DODGE. I will not gainsay what my
friend from Alabama says on that point, though
1 have no particular recollection in regard to it.
I know that a number of bills of this nature have
been introduced, which I thought, from my views
of the justice, and propriety, and constitutionality
of the measures, were just and right.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Arkansas. Ho refers to
what course he deems it proper for the opponents
of these measures to take. I have opposed these
measures upon the ground of their unconstitu-
tionality, and I have argued that question. I
have opposed them on the ground of their want
of expediency, and upon that question there is a
different view to every bill. Some bills, even on
the principles alleged'by those who are in favor
of this system, axe liable to one objection of in-
expediency, and some to another. This morning
we passed one bill; we are now on the second.
When we passed the Mississippi river bill, and
the St. Clair flats and the St. Alary's river bills, I
did not see any reason then, and said it, even at
the risk of being called factious, why I, as a Sen-
ator, should not make objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator is well aware
that I made the remark with no unkindness. I
did not speak of his course in that way.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not taking it in that way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I simply said that it seemed
to me to be hardly reasonable to fight everything to
this extent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated the grounds of the in-
expediency of those measures. Each particular
bill that is introduced takes money from the
Treasury m amounts varying from $10,000 to
$000,000. Some, if we had the power, would be
proper expenditures. Some 1 would vote for if I
had the power. I agree to their expediency, but
not to their constitutionality. There are others
which I have opposed. I have given objections
applicable to the particular cases.
I believe it is important to the country to state
our opinions here. Discussion on half the meas-
| ures which are presented is not for the purpose
| of convincing the Senate. I know very well that
j there is a majority in favor of these measures.
I So there was a majority here for the Kansas bill;
but the minority discussed it, and they had the
right to discuss it. They took an appeal to the
country. I make this argument not for the ma-
jority, who intend to pass these bills; butl claim
the right to speak to the country when the Sen-
ate is not pressed with business; and I will be
candid enough to say that, even if the case were
otherwise, I should not care. I do not'call any
one to account for that. I shall present the
argument, line upon line, and precept upon pre-
cept. I will appeal to the people of this country
whenever, in myjudgment, that appeal will ben-
efit the cause which 1 am advocating, and which
I honestly believe to be the cause of the Consti-
tution and of my country. I know very well that
these measures will be passed. Before lialf of
them are presented, we know what the result will
be. Any man of intelligence knows beforehand
what will be the vote. Discussion may not be
important here, but discussion is necessary to
produce a reversal of your decision. I tell the
Senate that I want to state the objections to all
these measures. This is the strongest one I have,
that five gentlemen of this body come here, and
whoever presents a bill has it shelled out and
brought back again. I want the people of the
country to understand this. I wish to know
whether they will support it? This will be one
of the strongest arguments against your system.
It seems now the only reason why you liave not
gone to an expenditure of countless millions for
these purposes is, that nobody has asked for it.
As far as they have gone, everything has received
the approbation of the committee. I want to go
to the country on that issue; and I tell my friend
from Arkansas that, whenever I think an argu-
ment will do good, I will submit it.
Here, and in the other House for eleven years,
in the country, everywhere, I have maintained
the vetoes of Mr. Polk. I believe that reflection
on the subject has given me new ideas upon it.
I have perceived that its mischiefs are more wide-
spread, its corruption greater, its tendency to the
destruction of the institutions of the country and
the destruction of equality more dangerous. Its
tendency to place the whole Government under
the moneyed power of the nation is greater and
greater. These dangers may all be in my own
imagination; but whether that be so, or whether
I see in a bolder light the evils that will grow by
letting this sluice from the public Treasury, and
making it run by the will of the majority, I deem
it so important, that. I consider it worth an em-
pire. It is impossible to overrate its magnitude
in myjudgment.
I would do as Mr. Jefferson did when he wrote
the protest for "Virginia in 1823, when the system
started. He said it was worth more than your
Government, and in his judgment it ought to have
been resisted by Virginia. I have given utter-
ance to the same sentiment here: it is not a sud-
den ebullition of passion, but the conviction of
deliberate judgment, that the people of thiscoun-
try ought not to put the unlimited taxing power in
the hands of the Federal Government, and then
the unlimited power to appropriate money to
whatever internal improvements it pleases. For
one, rather than do that, I say again, I would
stand by Mr. Jefferson, and advise my country-
men to protect their rights by the sword.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know whether it is the intention of the Senate to
take the vote on this subject now. If so, I shall
not trespass on the time or patience of the Sen-
ate. If the majority are ready to come to a vote
I will sit down at once, but, if not, I desire to say
a few words.
The honorable Senator addressed the Senate
for some time oft the general subject. His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third,
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HARBOR OF MILWAUKEE.
Mr. SEWARD. The next bill to which I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate is (S. No.
92) for continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I move to take it
up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill, as introduced by Mr.DoDGE, proposed
to appropriate $17,500, to be expended under the
direction of the War Department, for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan. It was reported
from the committee with amendments: to strike
out "$17,500" and insert "$35,329 95," and to
substitute "completing" for "continuing."
Mr. SEWARD. I am authorized by the com-
mittee to withdraw the amendments.
No objection being made, leave was granted to
withdraw the amendments. The bill was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment.
