1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
/
and this is probably the best if riot the only op-
portunity which may be afforded me to do so. I
regret that the plurality resolution now under
consideration came from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Knight,] because it has been
offered without success three several times from
this side of the House already.
But the particular motive for this explanation
arises out of a statement made in a leading Demo-
cratic paper published at the capital of the State
of New York. That paper very recently stated
that the Opposition here consumed the time of
the House in fruitless efforts to elect a Speaker and
organize the House; that they voted against the
plurality and other resolutions which promised
any chance of effecting that organization. I now
rise for the purpose of particularly directing the
attention of the country to those who vote for
and those who vote against this plurality resolu-
tion. Look and see who vote for the resolution,'
and who moved that it be laid on the table, and
then we may learn how correct is the statement to
which I have referred.
In this connection let me express the hope that
no member of the Opposition wiil again submit
a plurality resolution. "When the Administration
and its friends in this House desire an organiza-
tion, they will make that fact known to us in a
tangible shape. I vote no.
[ When it was announced by the Clerk that the
plurality resolution had been laid on the table,
loud cries rose from all parts of the Hall of " Call
the roll I" "Let us vote!" " No more resolu-
tions or personal explanations!"]
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. LAKE. I know, Mr. Clerk, that the
election of a Speaker for this House is a matter
of the first importance. There is no member
more desirous for t3ic attainment of that result
than myself. I nevcitheless wish to call back
the attention of members to the message which
was sent to us by the President of the United
States on Monday Inst. I do not feel thnt the
House has discharged its whole duty in reference
to that communication. I stated on a former
occasion that I was in favor of receiving the com-
munication and the accompanying documents,
and of having the President's message read.
There has been no direct vote on the question,
and, for the purpose of securing such a vote, I
now submit a resolution for the adoption of the
House. 1 have no doubt that the House is suf-
ficiently organj7cd for that purpose.
If I ever had any doubt, Air. Clerk, in refer-
ence to the reception and reading of the Presi-
dent's message, the debate which took place in
this Hall during our session of Monday would
have freed me from it. As I have said, the Presi-
dent has done nothing more than to discharge his
' constitutional duty—a duty which is plainlv de-
volved on him by the terms of the Constitution.
I think that we are under an obligation to receive
this document. I call for fche previous question
on my resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rctolved, That the message of the Presidept, 'with the
accomins: documents, bo received, and that the mes-
sage bo read to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
point of order. We have no right to entertain
that resolution, or to act on it, inasmuch as it ih
the transaction of business before the House is
organized.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks, inasmuch
as nearly similar propositions have been before
entertained, that the resolution is m order.
M r. "WASHBURN. I move then that the res-
olution be laid on the table.
Mi. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia
will please remember that debate is not in order,
a motion having been made that the resolution bo
laid on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. The action of the House,
Mr. Clerk, shows that m the opinion of a ma-
jority of members the message has been re-
ceived; and it is therefore that I shall vote to lay
the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi
on the table, although I am willing that the mes-
sage be taken from the table and read.
Mr. READY obtained the floor.
The CLERIv. Debate is out of order: there
is a motion pending that the resolution be laid
on the tabic.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. LAKE. «I.understand that the gentleman
from Georgia will withdraw his motion to lay on
the tabic, in order that I may make a few words
of explanation.
'Mr. STEPHENS. I did not move that the
resolution be laid en the table; that motion was
made by the gentleman from Maine. The action
of the House, I repeat, shows that in the opinion
of a majority the message has been received—
that it is now in the possession of the Clerk.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike from the
resolution the word "received," so that wo may
vote on the question of reading alone.
The CLERK. The gentleman's motion is not
in order.
Mr. ALEXANDER, K. MARSHALL. Mr.
Clerk, I wish to arrive at a satisfactory explana-
tion of the knotty point of whether or not the
President's message has been received by this
House. I ask at your hands, Mr. Clerk, and I
presume that you are the presiding officer of the
body, and the only one who can give an opinion
on this subject, whether the message has been
received ?
The CLERK. The Clerk will answer the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that the message is now
in the safe of the House of Representatives,
awaiting its order. ,
Mr. MARSHALL. Lias the message been
received by the House?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the mes-
sage lias been received.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I refer to the
Journal for an answer to the question.
Mr. STANTOIN. I hold that the messncre has
not been received. I take issue with the Clerk.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have the flooi. There
is something like courtesy due to somebody. 1
have asked the Clerk to decide the question. He
has answered me. His answer is in accordance
with my own opinion; but, with a view of arriving
at the conclusion to which this House'has come,
I take an appeal fiom the decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
will allow the Clerk to state that he has made no
decision on the subject.
Mr. MAR.SHALL. I understood so.
The CLERK. The Clerk simply stated that,
in his opinion, the message had been received by
the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. Who, then, can decide
the question?
The CLERK. The House must decide the
question for itself.
Mr. MARSHALL. If I can do so, then, X
appeal from the Clerk's opinion to the decision
of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAKE. I would m,k the gentleman from
Maine [Air. Washburn] to withdraw his motion
to lay on the fable, in order that I may answer
some of the objections which have been raised to
my resolution.
"Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman renew
my motion and stick to it? If he will do that I
will withdraw it for the purpose of enabling him
to make an explanation.
Mr. LAKE. I dislike very much to move to
lay my own motion upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN. I cannot withdraw my
motion unless the gentleman will agree to renew
it.
Mr. LAKE. Under the circumstances, then,
I will renew the gentleman's motion at the close
of my remarks. 1 simply'desire to say that 1
have already mdica'ed to the House the reasons
which induced me lo offer the resolution which
has been read. It is now met by the objection
that the message has in fact been received. My
own opinion is that it has never been received.
My own opinion is that it is in a state of pre-
sentation; that the President has sent the mes-
sage to the House, but that the House has not
yet acted upon it, even so far as to receive it.
I admit that, m the opinion of some gentlemen
here who are well skilled 111 parliamentary lawjl
the House has rcc.eived the message; but I see,
on the other side of the.House, gentlemen equally
well skilled m paihamentary lav.*, who declare
that, in their opinion, the House has never re-
ceived the document. I think this is a matter
which ought not to be left in doubt; and the very
fact, that different opinions prevail in different
parts of the House upon the subject, demon-
strates that a doubt does rest upon the matter.
I desire that such doubt should be removed, and
I think it is the duty of the Souse to determine
whether or not thafrlocument has been received.
If gentlemen are right in supposing that it has
been received, they can have no objection to
voting with me in declaring a fact which they
consider alrogtfy exists.
Air. STEPHENS. I wish to propose to the
gentleman from Mississippi to so modify his res-
olution as that it shall read:
Resolved, That the message of the President of the Uni-
ted .States, and the accompanying documents, having been
received, the mess-age be now read.
Air. WASHBURN. I did not withdraw my
motion to lay the resolution upon the table for
the purpose of allowing an amendment of the res-
olution, or a modification of it.
^ Mj. STEPHENS. The gentleman has the
right to modify his own resolution if he thinks
fit.
Mr. LAKE. With all deference to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, I must decline to make
the modification which he suggests, because I do
not agree with him, in point of fact, as to the
reception of these documents. .1 do not think
the document has been received, and the fact
that such is my belief is the reason why I have
offered and now support this resolution.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Missis-
sippi allow me to suggest a modification for lus
consideration ?
Mr. LAKE. Certainly.
Air. ORR. The modification which I suggest
is, that he insert the words, " that the message be
taken from the table and read."
Air. LAKE. I cannot consent to the modifi-
cation, as that would bo yielding a point which
I desire to hove the vote and decision of the
House upon, and that is the question of recep-
tion.
Air. ORR. I will say to the gentleman that
the House, by its vote on Monday, laid upon the
table a resolution which recognized the reception
of the message.
Mr. LAKE. I remember the action of the
House on Monday, but I understand that action
differently from the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Air. Our.] The House on Monday, by
its vote, laid on the table a motion to receive the
mes^nge. Now, 1 do not understand that such
action amounts to laying the documents upon the
table. 1 am confirmed m that opinion from the
fact, that immediately after such action the House
entertained a motion, made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Air. H. Marshall,] to receive this
very document; and, in the judgment of a large
portion of the House, that quest ion of reception lias
not been covered by any previous motion. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Air. Ci.jxoman]
made a motion that the message be read, taking
for granted that the message had been received,
an assumption which very many gentlemen think
ought not to be admitted.
It is for the purpose of covering all these diffi-
culties that I have offered this resolution; and I
cannot conceive why gentlemen who have ex-
pressed a desire to hear the document read
should make the objection which they now do.
Why should we not march straight up to the
decision of this point, and not reach it by an indi-
rect mode?
I am required, by my pledge to the gentleman
from Maine, to renew his motion to lay my reso-
lution upon the table, but instead of doing that,
if it is agreeable to him, I will yield the floor, and
allow him to do it.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. I renew my
motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
A'Fr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the gentle-
man from Maine the floor to make that motion?
The CLERK. The Clcx'k thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Maine is in order, inas-
much as he gave way to the gentleman, from
Mississippi, ^ith tiie understanding between
them that the motion to lay upon the table should
be renewed.
Air. JONES. I wish to make one remark, if
the gentleman from Maine will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 cannot do it.
