1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
who should choose to go into the Territory by
the territorial act; and the question is, after that
Territory has been organized under the act of
Congress, what is the government dejure andde
facto of the Territory? The Legislature which
has been elected under the law which authorized
the organization. If any portion of people of
that Territory undertake, without the warrant
either of an act of Congress or of an act of the
Territorial Legislature, to organize themselves
into a distinct community and array themselves
into the shape of a State, is it not evident that
they are committing revolution against the exist-
ing government of the Territory?
The question seems to me to be too plain for
hesitation. Suppose—and the difficulty has often
occurred in this country—that in any of the larger
or smaller States there should be differences of opin-
ion, and one portion should considerthat its rights
were trespassed uponand oppression exercised by
another. 1 have read rumors in the newspapers,
and heard statements that the eastern part of the
State of New York considered that they were
oppressed by the western part, and the idea has
been suggested that the State should be divided
into two parts. Push it a step further; suppose
a portion of the people of New York, without
the warrant of the existing government, without
any law to authorize it, should choose to hold
preliminary meetings and organize themselves
into a separate State, and should define its bound-
aries, and come here and present a petition to
Congress, claiming that they were the Represent-
atives a*id Senators of the General Assembly of
eastern New York. Would you receive that
petition ? Would it not be an act of plain rebel-
lion and revolution? Where is the difference
between that case and this? The State of New
York exists under the Federal Government; Kan-
sas exists under the Government organized by
Congress, to whom that Territory belonged when
they organized that form of government. The
act, therefore, is clearly revolutionary. If it is
not under color of law—which was the case both
in California and Michigan—it is but revolution
and rebellion.
Mr, President, I do not deny that there are
cases in which revolution and rebellion are jus-
tifiable; but those are questions of moral right,
and the oppression must be grave, indeed extreme,
that would justify any portion of the people in
resisting the existing government de jure and de
facta in any part of this country; but is the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maine ten-
able on any other ground ? Does he mean to place
those who have chosen to form this alleged consti-
tution in Kansas in the same position in which
the people of these colonies stood to Great Britain
during the administration of Lord North? He
is right m his views, if he considers that the
Government of the United States has oppressed
these people; and if there is any sufficient ground
of revolution, they have a right to assert it, hut
they cannot assert it under color of law. They
cannot come into the Senate of the United States
and ask to be heard as pursuing constitutional
rights, when they are in a state of open rebellion
against the Federal Union. The act is so of
necessity m itself. It maybe morally justifiable,
if the oppressions of the Federal Government
do justify it, but on no other ground. It cannot
be legal; it cannot be constitutional; it can be
nothing else but revolutionary, when it is in the
face of existing authority of the government
under which those people exist as an organized
body and derive their political rights. Why, sir,
you may trace the principle wherever you will;
you can'find nothing anala^ous to this case. In
the case of Michigan, the Territorial Legislature
authorized the election of delegates, of whom the
convention which framed the constitution was
composed. In the case of California, there being
no.tefHfforial organization, the Executive of the
United States authorized the holding of elections
for the purpose of forming it into a State. There
was color of law in both cases; and the distinction
between the legality of the act, and its being rev-
olutionary or rebellious, piust be that the parties
who undertake to deal with the property of the
United States, deal with it in the one case under
color of law, and in the other case they set up a
right in themselves as individuals against the law.
The case of Missouri has been cited. I pass
no opinion whatever on the question suggested,
namely: if, after Congress had authorized the
formation of a State constitution by Missouri,
and it was formed, and Congress refused to re-
ceive her, whether she would have retrograded
into a Territory or would have remained a sub-
stantive—an independent State? I shall not go
into that question, although the inclinations of
my own mind are that, even in that case, an at-
tempt on the part of Missouri to assert the right
of independence would have been an act of rev-
olution—but revolution justifiable by the unjust
refusal of Congress to admit her into the Union
after having authorized her to form her State
constitution. I do not deny, therefore, that the
people of Kansas, if they have a right of revolu-
tion, may sustain it on moral grounds if they can
show that the oppression of this Government has
been such as to drive them into that position, as
was the case in reference to the colonies in this
country in relation to the British Government in
the war of 1776.
If gentlemen are prepared to take that ground and
sustain it, be it so; but this question does not touch
such a ground as that. This question is, wheiher
in the Senate of the United States we are to sanc-
tion by our vote an express act of rebellion and
revolution against the authorities of the country?
They come here to you not as citizens of Kansas.
If they had come as citizens of Kansas, and had
presented their petition here in that character,
and asked us to print it, I should have received
the petition. Whether I should vote to have it
printed, would depend on the judgment of the
committee; and also, upon my own judgment,
when the report was made, whether that petition
was presented for the purpose of increasing and
disseminating agitation throughout the country,
or whether there was any practical good to be
obtained by ordering it to be printed, and whether
any right of these parties required that we should
allow them to be heard in that shape. But when
they present themselves in the position of being
Senators and Representatives of the State of
Kansas, I must officially take notice of the fact
that no such State can be in existence except by
an act of revolution. I must officially take notice
that it is only a portion—what portion I know
not, minority or majority—of the people of that
Territory, who, in defiance of the Government
dejure and de facto, have assumed to themselves
the power to meet, under some alleged right of
popular sovereignty, (which I do not recognize,)
and to organize themselves into a State. Under
such circumstances, I cannot sanction an act of
revolution, unless 1 am prepared to admit that the
United States are utterly wrong in their whole
course of practice. The distinction which I draw
is, that wherever an act, done either in a State or
in a Territory, is done against the existing au-
thority dejure and de facto of that State or Ter-
ritory, it is of necessity an act of revolution.
There may be moral causes; there may be acts
of oppression which justify it on the part of the
actors. That is a question to be decided when it
comes up ultimately, and will be decided by war
—by no other mode; but whenever the parties
stand in that position, I cannot escape giving it
the name of revolution or rebellion—I care not
which name is given. Usually, in the history of
the world, it is rebellionatfirst,andifit succeeds
and the result be accomplished, it is called revo-
lution; if it is crushed, it is called a rebellion
still. That is the moral history of those ques-
tions.
Sir, you cannot distinguish between the case
as applied to any county m any State of this
Union, or to any portion of any State or any dis-
; trict of a State, and as applied to a Territory,
l There is a legally-organized government in a
| State. If a portion of the people of a State, with-
| out warrant of law, or without color of law to
' authorize them in holding elections, undertake to
! sever themselves from the mass, and to organize
] themselves into a separate government, or to set
I up a counter government against the authority of
I the State, and attempt to carry out that by force
I of arms and violence, they are guilty of treason.
| Such is the case, too, in a Territory. There is
i an organized government under the act of Con-
: gress delegating to the people of the Territory the
! exercise of the right of self-government under the
: law which organized the Territory. The Logis-
| lature has been elected; it is the government de
i facto; the Governor exists under the authority
which the law designates by the appointment tff
a President and Senate; and any attempt of a por-
tion of the people of that Territory to arrogate to
themselves, without color of law, the right to
assemble and to form a State constitution in defi-
ance of the existing authority, and come here and
represent themselves as senators and representa-
tives of a State, it is a matter which we must
officially notice; and we can only officially notice
it as an act of revolution. I do not see how,
while the Federal Union stands, you can by your
vote, even in an implied form, recognize an act of
revolution against tne Federal Government, unless
you are prepared to abandon the organization of
the Government altogether.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say a word personal to
myself. I presented this petition; I stated to the
Senate the other day how I was called to the
door by a gentleman who asked me, " Will you
present a petition?" I have made it a principle,
since I have been a member of the Senate, to pre-
sent every petition which I have been asked to
offer—and I shall always do it—if it be couched
in proper language. It is not for me to investi-
gate its justice or its injustice; that is the province
of the Senate. I came in, and presented the peti-
tion, and moved for its printing.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say that I do
not agree to the inference which has been drawn
to-day by some Senators, that the presentation or
reception of such a petition is a recognition of a
single statement of fact contained in it. I do not
think that the reception of a petition by the Sen-
ate is a recognition of a single fact which it con-
tains. That is to be inquired into on the exam-
ination of the petition; for the very evident reason
that if you say, before you look into or examine
a petition, that it is false and that you will not re-
ceive it, it must lead you into endless controversy,
1 and you must examine every petition minutely
I before you receive it. You are thus reversing the
j natural order of things. The statement of an in-
1 dividual is presented, and if it be couched in
| proper terms, and is a subject within your juris-
! diction, you receive it.
I The honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
; if I understood him, considered the question on
the motion to print to be atestvote. 1 must say,
that although J moved for the printing, it is no
test vote for me. I do not believe the gentleman's
doctrine. I do not believe that these persons are
members of the Legislature of Kansas. I believe
the legal Legislature of Kansas is the Territorial
Legislature, acting under the authority of the
United States. That is my opinion; but still, I
am willing to hear these people, and I do not
know but that the worse the story a man has to
tell, the more it is your duty to hear him. I think
these people have mistaken their legal position.
I believe the descriptive terms which they use as
applicable to themselves, are not applicable; but
that is no reason why I should not hear# them,
especially, when as I before said, the reception of a
petition is no recognition of the facts contained in
it. I repeat that I consider that these gentlemen
are not the legal representatives of the people of
Kansas; that the just legislative power of the
Territory of Kansas is now held by the Territorial
Legislature under the act of Congress.
1 merely wished to say this much as a per-
sonal explanation. I will not detain the Senate
longer.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to occupy the
attention of the Senate, but I desire to say a word
to the honorable Senator from Michigan. I am
sorry that when he commenced so correctly, he
came out so badly. I did not say that this was
an issue; I did not wish to make it an issue; I
repelled the idea; but I said that if it was to be
made an issue, and to be forced on us, I thought
it a very good position in which to put it. I did
not wish anything of the kind; I was willing to
let it go as a mere act of courtesy, as it was
presented, and I carefully avoided intimating
what my ultimate vote would be on this question.
Mr. CASS. 1 thought you intimated pretty
! plainly.
i Mr. HALE. I said that I confessed my lean-
l ing was one way; but, then, you know that we
| are a sort of judicial body, and are obliged to hear
; before we decide, and 1 wanted to put in that
caveat against any such assumption. I did not
I say that it was the issue; I did not wish to have
j it the issue; and I would prefer that it should not
