128
THE' CONGRESSIONAL-' ©LOBE.
January 2.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee can say what he desires in the time of the
gentleman' from Mississippi, whose time has not
expired by four minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. I yielded to the gentle-
man from Mississippi, buttle motion to lay upon
the table was made by me, and I do not withdraw
it-
Mr. .TONES. I shall vote against the motion,
but I desire to say a Word or two J^fore X do so.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desm to make an
inquiry. In the event that this motion to receive
and read shall be laid upon the table, will it be
in order for those who desire to hear it read—yet
believing it has already been received, and there-
fore are unwilling to vote directly or indirectly
upon the question of its reception—afterwards to
vote on a motion that it shall be read only ? 1 am
willing to vote to lay this resolution upon the
table, as I am unwilling to vote for any resolution
which presupposes that the message has not al-
ready boon received; but ! shall vote for amotion
to read the message, if such amotion shall be sub-
mitted to the House. I am in favor of reading
the message, but I am not willing, by any vote,
to admit that it has not been already received.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. If the
House refuses to lay this resolution on the table,
Cannot it afterwards be amended1 by striking out
the words, "and read," so as to make it read,
" that this message be received?"
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks a motion so
to amend the resolution would be in order, if the
motion to lay upon the table be decided in the
negative-
Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw my demand
for the yeas and nays.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative. So the resolution was laid
upon the table. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
BALLOTING FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to vote the eighty-fifth
time for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 218; necessary to a choice,
11U; of which—
Nathaniel P. Hanks received 103
William A. Hieliarilson  1:1
Henry AI. Kulli'i  32
Alexander t\ M. Peunmyton  0
Jainet-L.Oir    1
John William-.  1
William W. lloyee  1
GilehnM Porter    1
Jolm MeUueen   1
So there was no choicc.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. #cm/cs—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Ilonry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
lilies, Brad.-drnw, Brenton, Bultiugtou, Burhngame, Lewis
]>. Campbell, ChaHee, M/ra Chirk.Clawnon, Colihx, Coin-
in*, Covode, Urauni, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davi*,
Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie,
Fhijdei. Galloway, Cidduigs, Uilbert, Granger, Grow,
KoIh'H l>. Hall, Uailan, Ilolloway, Thomas ft. Morton, Val-
entine IJ. Jlojlot), Howard, King, Knapp,
Km^hr,Knowhon, l£no\, KunkeJ, Lencr, Maee,Malteson,
McCarty, Meaeham, Kiiliau Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mou,
Munay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, PaiUer, I'earee,
JVItou, remington, t'eriy, f'ettit, Pike, Piingle, Purviancc,
Kitthie, Bobbins, Hobi.-nn, Salmi, Sa«j;e, >3app, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Hfranaban, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, WaUeman,
WuUmdye, Waldion, Cadwalader c. Wa?«hbunie, Elhliu
B. Wa->bburne, Niael Wa>hburn, Wat&on, Welch, Wood,
Woodrutf, and Woodwoitii.
For Mr. Jif/wrrfson. —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Bark-dule, Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, BiookV,
Cadwaladei, Caruthers, Caskie, Chu'rman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Crai^,Ciaw(oid, Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowddl, Bdnmnd>on, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas l.J). I^uller, Goode, Greenwood, Au^uytiib
Uall, Sampson W. iianis, Thomas L. Hams, Herbert,
JloiMon, Hickman, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jone^, Ki itt, Kelly, Kuhvell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Martini!, Mavwell, MeMullin, MeUueen, Smith Millei
Mill-on, Moideeai Oliver, On, Peck, Powell, Quitman,
ituflin, llu-t, ^.indulge, riav.ige, Sevvaid, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, Stephens, Sfewmt, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kirn'. Wells, Win-low, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fnlle-i—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell
Carhhi, Bay aid Claik, Cox, Cullen, homy Winter Davis'
Uthendqe, Hush*, Foster, J. Motion Harris, Kennert',
Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, 1'ame, Potter, Pmyeai,Jveade, Ready,ilieaud,"Rivers,
William 11. Snurb, Sneed, Swope, Tnppe, Underwood,
Yaik, Walker, Whitney, and ZoJiicofler.
For Mr. Pennington— Mebsrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harri-
son, lHv<-n. Moore, and Kcott.
For Mr. Grr—Mr. Williams.
For Mr. Williama—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. ]3oy<c—Mr. Evans.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. McQuecn—Mr. Richardson.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—AGAIN.
Mr. MILLSON. I now submit a motion that
the message of the President of the United States,
communicated to this House on the 31st day of
December last, be now read.
Mr. HOUSTON. That it be taken from the
table.
Mr. MILLSON. No; simply that it be read.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. It is, that this House is not in a condition to
read the message of the President of the United
States.
Mr. MILLSON. I am upon the floor, and the
gentleman from Ohio cannot take it from me.
Mr. STANTON. I raise a question of order,
and I have the right to take the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. MILLSON. The House will perceive
that my motion assumes that the message has
been received and 
Mr. STANTON. I have made a question of
order, and I insist upon a decision of the ques-
tion.
The CLERK. The gentleman from "Virginia
[Mr. Millson] is upon the floor, and is entitled
to it.
Mr. MILLSON. There is nothing in the
gentleman's point of order. My motion is alto-
gether within those rules which now regulate our
proceedings. It assumes that the message of the
President of the United States was received by
the House on the day of its transmission; and
really, sir, it seems to me wonderful that gentle-
men should entertain any doubt upon this ques-
tion of reception, on which so much has been
said. If we will only reflect that the President
of the United States has the constitutional right
to address communications to this body—if gen-
tlemen will only remember that the President
may, as was the case in the early stages of our
congressional history, address his communica-
tions to Congress in person as well as by mes-
sage—if they will only recollect thatthe President
of the United Slates has the same right to offer
suggestions, and make communications to this
House, that any one of its members has, they
will see that it is almost preposterous to maintain
that a communication, made in the discharge of
his high constitutional duties, was not received
by the House as soon as it was uttered, or as
soon as it was transmitted.
If I address a motion to the House, as I have
just done, it is inconsistent to say that that mo-
tion has not been received by the House. The
moment the motion is uttered by me it is received.
You may do what you will with it. You may
reject the motion; you may lay it on the table;
you may postpone it indefinitely; but, sir, it is
idle to maintain that the motion has not been re-
ceived. And so with any communications made
by the President of the United States to this
body, whether made in person, as they may be
made, or in writing, as they are now usually
made. The instant that communication is trans-
mitted to the body it is received by the body.
There is no question on its reception. The com-
munications of the President stand on equal
ground witli the communications of individual
members, because it is the right of the President,
equal with that of the members of the House, to
address any communication to this body.
Then, sir, the message is received. It would
be received if transmitted through the post office.
It would be received if handed in at the door by
his Private Secretary. The moment that it leaves
the hands of the President of the United States,
and is given into the charge of one of the officers
of this House, it is received by the House, and
the House may do what it pleases with it. The
House may—acting on the suggestion of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]—return it to
the President if it please, but it is received. Nor
would it bo competent for the House to return
it unless it were received. And I suggest very
respectfully to the consideration of gentlemen on
the other side of the House, that the very resolu-
tion introduced on Monday for returning.tlus
fessage implied the previous reception of it; for
could not be returned unless it had been re-
ceived.
Now, sir, I make this motion, because I appre-
hend that the late proceeding of the House, in
laying on the table the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lake,] might
place the House—at least the''members on this
side of the House—in a somewhat false position.
The yeas and nays were not taken on it. Quietly,
and'with very little debate, and even without a
division, the resolution \o receive and read'was
laid on the table. That seems to be discourteous
to the President of the United States, and it is to
relieve the House from this seeming discourtesy,
and to place, at least, the friends of the Admin-
istration on the ground which they would be
pleased to occupy, that I have submitted the
motion that this admirable message of the Pres-
ident be now read. And I take pleasure in avail-
ing myself of this opportunity to say that it is,
indeed, in my judgment, an admirable and excel-
lent State paper.
Mr. DUNN. "Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. 1 only want to make one remark.
I suppose that the gentleman will not insist that
we can do, in our present unorganized condition,
what we would not do if we were organized, and
Were in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of theUnion. Now, I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to this.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) That would
be a committee; this is the House.
Mr. DUNN. If the House of Representatives
—as the Parliament of Great Britain—be in com-
mittee when a message is sent, the Speaker takes
the chair to receive the message. This shows
that the Speaker is the organ, and the exclusive
organ, of the House in relation to all persons
outside of this House.
Mr. MILLSON. Sir, that very suggestion is
one which 1 myself have repeatedly made in con-
versation to various gentlemen on this floor, to
prove the very opposite of what is maintained by
the gentleman from Indiana. And it is this: that
such are the obligations of courtesy to the Pres-
ident, and such the obligations imposed by the
Constitution, to receive his communications of
all kinds, that even when a message is sent while
the House is in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, its business is instantly sus-
pended, the Speaker immediately called to the
chair, and without any formal motion the com-
mittee rises, and the message is received.
Mr. DUNN. Let me read one line to the gen-
tleman from Virginia:
" Messages are not submitted by a member, much less
by the Clerk, but by the Speaker to the House."
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dunn] is reading to me rules of courtesy in
the British Parliament. And, sir, it is unques-
tionably proper that, where there is a Speaker,
he should, as his name implies, speak for the
body. That is not now the question. I am dis-
cussing the question as one arising under our
Constitution. I am showing that the President
has the same right to address you that I have.
Am I addressing the speaker? I am addressing
the members of the House; and the President
has addressed his communication to the members
of the House. Ho sends his message to them.
Now, I desire that that message shall be read by
them. I say there is no question of difficulty in
the way, because you are now listening to me,
and why not listen to the President? Has he less
right to be heard here than I have ? Sir, the Pres-
ident has so much greater claim to be heard by
you than I have, that, no matter who may have
the floor, it is invariably yielded to the reception
of his communications. Whatever may be the
business before the House, the President may
speak; and every member pauses till his commu-
nication is in possession of the body.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield me the floor, that I may put a
question ?
Mr. MILLSON. If it be merely to put a
question, T will.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish simply to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Virginia. About an
hour or two ago, I examined some of the author-
ities on parliamentary law. We were taken by
surprise here when the message was sent m 
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting ) I did not
yield the floor to allow the gentleman to make a
speech.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish merely to put a ques-
tion.
V
