-"k ' "s* ^
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1856.
New Series....Wo. X0£,
honorable members of the House of Representatives, this ,
invitation to visit and inspect my ocean steamer, the Van-
derbilt, now anchored off Greenleaf's Point.
I name Saturday ensuing, atll o'clock, a. m., as probably
the nearest time convenient to the members of Congress. At
that hour, and at the landing near the Long Bridge, a steamer
will be provided to convey the visitors to the ship.
I shall be gratified if it is convenient for all the members
of Congress to be present on this occasion, to examine this
pecimen of naval architecture, already legarded by many
good judges as the most pcrfect yet produced. It is the
naval architecture, with the machinery, that I desire to
exhibit. I have brought here the ship itself, without furni-
ture or decoration. Her tonnage is 5,400—the largest steamer
that has ever yet floated on the Atlantic ocean.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
b C. VANDERB1LT.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That during the present week, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union may, at any time
after three o'clock, p. m., take a recess till seven o'clock,
for the purpose of holding an evening session : Provided,
That during such evening session no motion except that
the committee rise shall be entertained by the Chairman,
and no business shall be done in the House—the pur-
pose of this resolution being to provide such eveningsession
for general debate only, and that there shall be no call ol
the roll during such evening session.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, it was
Ordered, Tliat the Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideiation of the memorial of
Captain John Graham, of the steamship United States,
praying compensation for losses sustained by being pre-
vented by the Government of the United States from ful-
filling his contract with certain persons, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. GOODE. I hope now to be fortunate
enough to get the conscnt of the House to allow
next Tuesday to be set apart for the transaction
of the business of the District of Columbia,
which has not occupied one moment of time in
the House this session, and the transaction of
which business is absolutely necessary.
Mr. McCARTY objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business. Let the House first dis-
pose of the pending question, and then gentle-
men may submit their propositions.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cadwaladeh,] to reconsider
the vote by which the first resolution reported
by the Committee of Elections in the Nebraska
election case was rejected, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DICKSON stated that he had, yesterday,
after three o 'clock, paired off with Mr. Foster for
the remainder of the day, and had requested one
of his colleagues to announce that fact to the
House; but his colleague having forgotten to do
so, he now wished to make the statement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CADWALADER. I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider and to lay on the table, which
I made yesterday.
Mr. DAMRELL. I renew the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. CRAIGE. Did the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts vote with the majority?
The SPEAKER. He is recorded on the Jour-
nal as having voted with the majority.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay
> the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and if was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 90j nays 83; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs?. Aiken, Ravksdale, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett*, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Carliie, Caruthers, Casiue, Clmgman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Lullen,
Davidson, Henry Wintor Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
109
Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Moore, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Peck, Pettit,
Phelps, Powell, Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Ruffin, Savage, Seott, Seward, Shorter, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor, Thurston, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Warner, Watkins, Wells, Whitney, Williams, John V,
Wnsrht, and Zolhcofter—90.
NAYS—Messis. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buflinion, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaflee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
eon, CoJfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson ,Dodd, Durfee,Emue, Flagler,
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Grander, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas
R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Ilortun, Ilughston, Kelsey, King,
Knnpp, Knight, Kn owl ton, Knox, Loiter, Matteson, Mc-
Carlv, Meaeham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Moirlll, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pike,
Purvionce, Ritchie, Robbing, llobcits, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thoruigton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldion, Ellihu B. Washburne, Lr.iel W,i>hburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—£3.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE said: I have paired off with
my colleague, Mr. Grow, a#d will not vote to-
day. It is but just to Mr. Grow to say that he
is indisposed at his rooms, and I am sorry to say
I am not very much better myself, and cannot
remain in the House.
Mr. GILBERT stated that he had paired off
on this question with Mr. Smith, of Alabama,
but having noticed that that gentleman was pres-
ent and had voted, he would also vote. He voted
"no."
Mr. BLISS stated that he had yr .-vrday paired
off on this question with Mr. 1;^ u.wgame, at
the request of one of his colleagues. If he could
have voted he would have done so in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CLAWSOJN* stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bishop, had paired off with Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania, till Monday next.
The question recurred on the second resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections, as fol-
lows:
Resolved. That IIiram P. Bennet is entitled to a seat in
this body as such Delegate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay
that resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEPHENS. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved. That the Clerk of this House pay our of the
contingent fund of this House, to Hiram P. Bennst, of
Nebraska, claiming to have been elected the Delegate from
said Territory, his mileage and per diem to this date.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not desire to
make any opposition other than this, that I un-
derstand allowance of mileage to contestants is
unusual and never has been poid. I move to
amend by striking out the mileage.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the resolution
being introduced. I am opposed to the system
of paying all these contestants out of the contin-
gent fund.
The SPEAKER. It is a question appertaining
to the resolutions reported by the Committee of
Elections, and the Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. In the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections, I do not find any resolution
providing for the compensation of the contestant,
and I cannot see what connection the resolution
i has with the report of the Committee of Elections.
| Mr. STEPHENS. In reply to the gentleman
I from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] i will state that it
I is usual to allow mileage to contestants. He is
| mistaken as to the usage of the House. I trust
i there will be no objection to the resolution, and
j I ask the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand that the
resolution is properly before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is prop-
erly before the House.
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out that part relating to mileage.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The previous
question has been demanded.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia wishes to submit Ms amendment, 1 have no
objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to my colleague
to withdraw his amendment. If we pay per diem
to contestants we ought to pay mileage. It has
been the invariable custom.
Mr. SMITH declined to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the-resolution
on the table; and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and. the House re-
fused to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SEWARD, (at twelve o'clock and twesty
minutes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first on Mr. Smith's
amendment.
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeafc
and nays on the adoption of the resolution- ' •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bell,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffiaton, Cadwal-
ader. Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Einne, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gid-
dmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Robert B. HaSI, Har-
lan, J. Moruson Harris, Harrison, Haven, Thomas R«
Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp3 Knight, KnowUon, Knox, Lake,
Lmdley, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Parker, Pelton* Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pringle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Sim-
mons, William R. Smith, Spinner, Sranton, Stephens,
Stranahan, Swope, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Traflon, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—12o.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendiey S. Bennett,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carliie, Caruthers,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Ciawford, Davidson,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Goode, Houston, Jewett, George
W, Jones, Kidwell, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Andrew
Oliver, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Rivers,
Rufiln, Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Talbott, Vail, Warner, Watkins, and John V. Wright—44-
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask to make a report from
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I desire to call up
the case of the contested election for the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
CORRECTION OF A REPORT.
Mr. READY. The Globe of this morning
represents me as stating yesterday, that my col-
league, Mr. Etheridge, had paired off with Mr.
Robbixs. As a matter of justice to thesegentle-
men I desire to say that my colleague paired off
with Mr. Robison.
I now call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (No. 154) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of the officers of the rev-
olutionary army, and of the widows and orphan
children of those who died in the service, was
ordered to be engrossed and read the third time.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I insist upon the
consideration of the report of the Committee of
Elections.
