120
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
■will is to be manifested under the law~-under a
preexisting law, not a vagrant, wandering, irre-
gular, licentious will, but a will to be exercised
under the forms of the law, under the regulations
of the ballot-box, carried out at a particular time
and under specified forms. That is the only way,
under the Kansas-Nebraska act, by which the
office of Delegate of Kansas arises. That is the
only way in which the office is created, by force
of the public will of Kansas speaking under the
law- .... ,
Congress in inserting that principle in the
Kansas bill has not done anything new. It has
only implanted in that bill a great American prin-
ciple—that principle which has existed through-
out all of our history, and on which our institu-
tions rest—the principle that the public voice and
the public will are to be obeyed and respected,
under the forms of law—the principle that the
people are everything while they speak under the
law, and that they are nothing while they speak
against or over and above the law. It was the
peculiar boast of our ancestors that they brought
with them from England the institutions of the
mother country, and the chief of these institutions
was the right of the people to be heard under the
forms of law—not the right to licentious liberty,
but that they should be allowed to govern them-
selves under forms of law. Our ancestors, sir,
might have made a greater boast than that—that
they not merely brought from the mother country
the institutions of the mother country, but that
they brought with them the capacity for free in-
stitutions—the power to live, not under licentious
liberty, but under the law.
It is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon race, and
a peculiarity of the American people, that they
are the only people who have demonstrated their
capability for self-government—who are able to
live under and in subjection to the law. There
is no other race that can make their own laws,
and then live under the laws they have themselves
made.
The people of France have, four or five times
during the present century, had the opportunity
to govern themselves, but they have, in every
instance, failed, because they have never been
able to live under their own laws. Look at the
miserable spectacle of the South American Re-
publics. Do they not present a wretched parody
on free institutions? They have never been able
to govern themselves, because they have never
learned to carry out the great principle of the
people speaking only in obedience to law.
Why, sir, we have a memorable instance of
the unwillingness of the American people to go
beyond the Taw, in the conduct of the Puritan
fathers of Massachusetts. After the battle of
Lexington, wkile their blood was fevered with
the wounds of battle—while their ears were daily
vexed with British drums, beating their arrogant
reveilles with everv recurring sun, on Boston
Common, what did they do? They applied to
the Congress of the Confederacy, then assembled
at Philadelphia, to ask their advice as to what
step they snould take in the modeling of their
government. So tenaciously did they adhere to
the law, so reluctant were they to violate the law,
that even in that extremity, when their blood was
up and the sword drawn, they paused, in the
sincerity of their republican simplicity, and ap-
plied to the national Congress for advice. It was
a sublime spectacle. Massachusetts nourished
no factious disorganizes then. I say this was
a sublime spectacle. It showed what manner of
men they were; it showed that they were men
made of the right stuff—stern, earnest men—of
intense convictions—bold, fearless, rugged as
their own granite hills, but with a remarkable
humility, simplicity, and conservatism of charac-
ter, worthy of all admiration, above all praise.
This conduct of the men of Massachusetts in the
olden time furnishes an example that their de-
scendants would not do amiss to follow.
This great principle, that the will of the people
is only potential under the law, came under the
consideration of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in a case arising out of the memorable pro-
ceedings connected with the Dorr rebellion. In
that case the question was as to Jjjie right of the
people to speak outside the law, or whether they
should be confined to speaking under and through
the law. We are all familiar with the decision
of the Supreme Court on that occasion. I refer
to it for tne purpose of alluding to the position
of Mr. Webster on that occasion; a voice which
Massachusetts should always be willing to hear,
as his is the greater name emblazoned on the
pages of her history. Mr. Webster, in his argu-
ment in that great case, laid down the position
which I have been contending for, that the voice
of the people could only be heard through the reg-
ular forms of law. But I will let Mr. Webster
speak for himself. Men of Massachusetts, listen
to his great voice! though dead, he yet liveth:
Mr. Webster, in the Rhode Island case, said:
« This being so, then follow two other great principles of
the American system:
" 1. The first is, that the right of suffrage shall be guarded,
protected, and secured against force and against fraud; and
"2. The second is, that its exercise shall be prescribed
by previous law, its qualifications shall be prescribed by
previous law, the time and place ofits exercise shall be pre-
scribed by previous law, and the manner of its exercise and
under whose supervision (alwayssworn officers ot the law)
is to be prescribed. And then again the results are to be
certified to the central power by some certain rule, by some
known public officers, in some clear and definite form, to
the end that two things maybe done: first, that every man
entitled to vote may vote; second, that his vote may be
sent forward and counted, and ao he may exercise his part
of sovereignty in common with bis fellow-citizens.
" In the exercise of political power through represent-
atives we know nothing—we never have known anything,
but such an exercise as should take place through the pre-
scribed forms of law. When we depart from that we
shall wantfer as widely from the American track as the pole
is from the track of the sun."
These are noble words; they have the ring of
true metal; they sound like Massachusetts of the
olden time. Mr. Webster, on that occasion, took
no new position. He only took that position
which he struggled for throughout life; for if there
was anything peculiar ill the philosophy of Mr.
Webster's statesmanship, it was his obedience to
the law, inculcating, on all occasions, that the will
of the people, though it is' omnipotent, must be
a will expressed under law, and by forms of law.
A great truth; and it is in that aspect only that
we can justly say, Vox populi vox Dei.
Now, I say this is no new principle applied to
the Territory of Kansas, requiring the people of
that Territory, when they elect a Delegate, to
make their will known under the forms of law.
The last Congress, taking the same position which
the American people and the American statesmen
have taken, at all times and upon all occasions,
that the will of the people is to be expressed
under forms of law, and utterly repudiating that
licentious liberty which would trample all law
under foot—the last Congress required that the
people of Kansas, in declaring who should be
their Delegate, must make their will known under
forms of the law. This is the great principle
upon which our theory of government rests: to
lose it is perdition. When we divorce ourselves
from it, we embrace anarchy and quick-recurring
despotism—we canonize the swora, and prepare
the way for ourselves and our posterity to pass
through fire to the grim idols of civil discord,
I take it that those two propositions are as clear
as the noonday sun. The delegateship from Kan-
sas is a legal office, and the Delegate must have
had his election under law. It is idle for any
man to pretend to claim his seat here in violation
of these principles.
The claim of the sitting Delegate [Mr. Whit-
field] seems to me very plain—-grimafacie,at least.
How does he claim a seat ? He claims it under
the certificate of the Governor, by virtue of an
election held under the authority of the Legisla-
ture, which Territorial Legislature was elected in
pursuance of an act of Congress, and deriving
their authority to act from Congress—going back,
therefore, to the fountain-head for his commis-
sion. His title, therefore, is what the lawyers
call a good paper title, unexceptionable, unless
it can lie attacked by evidence outside of the
record.
What are the objections raised to his title?
The objections are twofold. First, the invalidity
of the law under which he was elected; and,
second, thathewas elected byillegal votes. I will
commence with the last first. The first point I.
make is, that this objection is not sufficiently spe-
cific. It does not comply with the act of 1851,
which requires the contestant to " specify particu-
larly" the grounds of his objections. It is not
a compliance with that act to-day, that A B, or C
D, got illegal votes. But the act of 1851, justly
interpreted, requires that the names of the illegal
voters should be set forth. If, then, the act of
1851 is to be binding and operative upon this ques-
tion, that objection which Mr. Recder raises is
at an end, because it is not sufficiently specific;
and I think, as 1 have said before, that we ought
to be guided by that act. But if we are not to be
guided by that act, we are not, therefore, to be
guided by our own vain imaginings. We are to
be guided, then, by parliamentary law—by the
general law of Parliament; for there is a general
law of Parliament, as Blackstone says, known but
to few, but yet known to the Parliament—a law
existing in precedents. What are the precedents
on this subject? You will find, by referring to
the Contested Election Cases, that this very point
has been considered and determined. In the case
of John C. Varnum, (page 112,) it was held that
" the allegation that votes were given by persons
not qualified to vote is defective, unless it show
the names of such persons." Again: inthecaseof
Easton vs. Scott, Delegate from Missouri, (Con-
tested Elections, 272,) it was held that " a general
averment in the notice contesting an election
that the votes are illegal, is not sufficient, and
the names of the persons excepted to must also be
stated."
The objection was, as it is here, the illegality
of votes.' But the House, upon the adoption of
the report of the committee, held that a general
specification was insufficient; and I hold, without
referring further to authorities, that the general
specification in this case is also insufficient.
But I do not rest upon this objection. I ap-
proach now the very marrow of the case on this
point. What is the objection ? That there were
illegal votes given. Is it not obvious, from the
slightest examination, that that objection has no
validity in it, and that it is unnecessary to go into
a minute examination of it? Why ? Because it
is not pretended that all the votes cast for Whit-
field on that occasion were illegal votes. Well,
suppose fifty, or one hundred, or five hundred, or
even one thousand of the votes east were illegal,
that does not alter the case, unless those who did
not vote, being equal in number to the legal voters
actually voting, were kept away by force. If
they were restrained by duress or reasonable
apprehensions of violence from going to the polls,
and the opposite party did go, then the election
under those circumstances would be void.
But, the case does not stand on that ground.
They did not stay away from apprehension of
violence; they stayed away on the calculation
that the law fixing the election was void. They
placed their case on that cast, and they must
stand the hazard of the die. They stayed away
because they would not acknowledge the validity
of the law. Therefore, let them stand tQ their own
ground; which was, that the law was invalid, and
not that the votes were illegal. There is nothing
in this point which merits investigation.
I now approach what is considered the de-
batable ground in the case, but I think I see my
way clear.
It is said that the election law under which
Whitfield was elected was invalid, and this on
two grounds-: 1st, because the Legislature was
elected by illegal votes; and, 2d, because they
moved to Shawnee Mission.
In reference to the first ground, I object to
the jurisdiction of this House to determine the
validity of the election of the members to the
Territorial Legislature, because I say that the
Kansas bill appointed a special forum to determine
that question—the Territorial Legislature itself.
I do not say that the act expressly, in so many
words, confers this power; but thai it is a power
naturally implied and necessarily flowing from
j the formation of a legislative power, in the ab-
sence of restraining words{
All of our parliamentary history in the mother
country and in America, the practice of all of our
Legislatures—Federal, State, and Territorial 
without a single exception that I am aware of,
shows that the invariable rule has been for every
legislative body to judge of the returns and quaf-
