1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
peachmcnt vital to the conclusion of their report,) j
and you see that they quote the law of New Mex- j
ico to invalidate this return, because it does not 1
conform to that law, (as they say,) in not exhib-
iting a certificate that the judges were sworn.
And in establishing that point (as they suppose)
with regard to Mesilla, they quote in. the same
eleventh section, which gives the form of recital that
the judges were sworn, the following certificate as lo
the result:
" Certificate.—We, the undesigned. judges and clerks of
elections held ou the day of'September, Ifcjl, in the
precinct of , in the county ot , cemly that,
having counted the votes polled iur the respective candi-
dates in said election, the rot-alt is as follow-*. Mr. A re-
ceived  votes for'the office of. Mr. B received
 votes for the office of . Mr. C received 
votes for the office or . O., &e. litre the names of
thejudvet whr> tinned; and here the. clerks, Z. O. ,
who are H. Y."
And yet this return, signed only by one of the
clerks, and by neither of the judges, is counted
by the committee as a good return of fifty votes
for my opponent!
Let me ask, sir, by what authority, and upon
what principles of law or logic, your committee
have cut this eleventh section in two, and hold to
the one half while they reject the other* How
do they give efficacy to their argument, that the
whole vote of Mesilla is to be rejected because
the return did not show (as they say) that the
judges were .sworn, (which it only need show by
virtue of the first half of this section,) and yet re-
fuse to reject this majority of fifty votes at Santa
Barbara, when the return is utterly insufficient,
according to the latter half of the same eleventh
section, which requires it to be signed by three
judges and two clerks, while it is not signed by
either of the judges, and but, by a single clerk ?
If, in the one case, the absence of the due return
is sufficient jhima facie to annul the election, why
is it not in the other case? If, in the one case,
this defective return throws the burden of proof
upon me, why does it not operate the same way
upon my opponent in the other case?
The most that can be faiily claimed against
me is, that the rule should work equally in the
two eases; and, if it does, then the result is, that
the supposed majority of the contestant.... 290
7s reduced by the majority at Santa Barbara. 50
And this leaves a supposed majority of.... 240
But the rule does not apply to the case of the
Mesilla precinct. In that case, the proof is, that
the judges were duly appointed, and did in fact
serve. The presumption of law , then, is, that
they were duly sworn. Tins is a perfectly well-
settled rule of the common law. Any other rule
would expose every officer of the Government,
executive, judicial, and legislative, to have his
lawful acts questioned, and the proof of his oath
of officc demanded. No attempt was made to
prove that, m point of fact, the oath was not
taken. Trujillo, one of the judges of the election,
who stands confessed upon the record as an un-
scrupulous partisan of the contestant, directly
implicated in attempting a gross fraud upon the
election of which he was a judge, (see testimony
of Candelaria, page 51, and of Cubero, page 30)—
this same Trujillo was examined for the contest-
ant, and did not venture to say that he was not
sworn as judge, for he well knew if he should do
so he would be immediately confronted with the
proof of his perjury. Again, the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of JNew Mexico, which the com-
mittee quote, gives the two forms of certificates
together. The one (that which recites the fact
that the judges were sworn) was intended for the
beginning, and the other (that which states the
result) was intended for the end. The signatures
at Mesilla of all the judges and clerks at the end
of the paper, m substance, and even in technical
law, suffice to authenticate the whole paper from
the beginning to the end. Such is the effect given,
both in the civil law and the common law, to
wills and other papers where a signature appears
in anypartof the document, under circumstances
which importan adoption of the whole document.
So, while the objection fails as to Mesilla, it ob-
tains as to Santa Barbara*, for, in the lattercase,
even if the judges had signed at the beginning of
the paper, certifying that they had sworn, it
would, in its nature, be referable to that prelim-
inary act, and not the result of the election. But
not even this fact appears.
II. At the precinct of Chamisal, the proof is
clear (printed evidence, pages 59, GO, 61, G2, 63,
6'i) that one hundred and twenty-four votes
which were counted for the contestant were in
fact given for me. There arc one hundred and
twenty-four oaths establishing this charge, each
voter swearing that his vote was deposited for
me. Yet your honorable committee think it more
probable that these were one hundred and twenty-
four deliberate perjuries, than that one or more
of the-officers of the election should have com-
mitted the fraud thus established by so many wit-
nesses.
It is true, that the committee suggest another
hypothesis to explain away this testimony, with-
out imputing perjury to one hundred and twenty-
four men. It is, that one hundred and twenty-
four frauds were committed by the friends of the
contestant, by substituting ballots bearing his
name for those which the dupes intended to vote.
I leave these alternatives to the judgment of the
House, and to the common sense of the country
at large; and, without pursuing the argument
further, I submit that it is proven that one hun-
dred and twenty-four votes at Chamisal should
be deducted from the poll of the contestant, and
carried over to my account, thus making a differ-
ence in my favor of two hundred and forty-eight,
which, with the vote at Santa Barbara, (fifty,)
makes the result two hundred and ninety-eight,
being a majority of eight over all that the report
claims for the contestant.
III. Bat I deny that there is ground for either
of the two conclusions on which the report rests.
These are:
1. That there were Mexican votes cast for me
to the number of one hundred and thirty-one.
2. That the Mesilla election is void.
These one hundred and thiity-one voters are
alleged to have been unqualified, becausc it is said
that they signed a declaration, during the military
government, of their intention to retain the char- ,
acter of Mexican citizens. i
Without pausing now to inquire into the au- ■
thonty and h'gal efficacy of thi* supposed decla-
ration, I deny that it is proven that these persons
voted for me, or that they voted at all.
Upon this point the committee rely upon the
testimony of Barry, page 20; Giddings, page 22;
Vigil, pages 25, 20, 27, and 2b. 1 pray that this
evidence may bo read and eonsidi led by every
member of this House before he vutes upon this
question. The few pages cited by the committee
itself are all that 1 desire to be read.
I will here recapitulate some portions of it:
First. James Barry, pp. 19, 20. He is asked
to look at the poll-books of Rio Arriba county,
£J and if you find names of voters who made a decla-
ration to retain the character of Mexican, citizens
before you, say so."
Observe the question, and hear the answer.
He answers: " I know a Pedro Tkujillo, who \
lives in the neighborhood of the Pueblo of Jibiquin, \
and I know that the same Pedro Trujillo made a [
declaration to retain the character of a Mexican citi- ;
zen before me." [
That is to say, the witness proves that he 1
knows a man who hv'es in a certam village, who
made a declaration before him (the witness) to
retain the character of a Mexican citizen; but
how, by what authority, or under what circum-
stances this man made that declaration, he does
not state; nor dor-s he pie'cnd that this man is one
of the voters for the sitting Delegate. So of the few
other names mentioned by him.
1 repeat my request to each member of the
House to read his whole evidence, a copy of
which (printed pages li), 20, 21, and 22 of the
document in this case) is hereto annexed. 2Co
fair and impartial man will deny that its simple
results are—
1. That he speaks of a declaration which he
does not pretend he had any authority to receive,
and which, upon Ins deposition, is to be taken
as a mere private act, as to winch it cannot be
pretended that any legal sanction or effect was
attached to it. _ j
2. That the persons so declaring are not pre-!
tended by hint to have voted for me, or to have ■
voted at oil. He knows nothing about iheir iden- ;
tity, or the fact of voting. ;
See his cross-examination:
*> First question. Did you see Pedio Trujdio, Anastasio
Trujillo, Antonio Trujillo, Juan dc Jesus Trujillo, or either
of them, vote on the thiid day of September last?
" Answer. 1 did not
" Second question. Do you know any of the last-men-
tioned loui individuals whose names are found in the poll-
books ot precinct No. 5, Rio Amba county, to be the same
persons who declared their intention to retain their rights!
as Mexican citiams?
" Amwcr. f do not know.
" Third question. The same as to the persons of precinct
No. 4? H V
" Answer. I do not know.
Fourth question. Do you know of a single individual in
the county o) Rio Arriba that voted, 'and had made the dec-
laration of retaining the churactei of Mexican citizens ?
" Answer. I do not.
" Fifth question. Do you know if all the persons whpsc
name." appear on this U.«t " JVosotios climinos retener el
caracter de ciudadanos Mexicaiio$y'y pct.-onally declared
their intention to retain their ehaiacter as Mcxicau citi-
zens?
" •Answer. I do not.
(l Sixth question Look at this same list, and pay if the
firpt seventeen names following that of Jose Gregorio Libera
weie Mgned bv each individual leypectively ?
"Amucr. I do not know .
l: Seventh question. Weic tho-e seventeen names men-
tioned wntten by the same individual ?
u Answer. It appear* so.
Secondly, Giddings. His testimony is annexed
in full. It is equally inconclusive. On page 23
he is interrogated as follows:
Tenth question. Did any of the persons whose names
you have selected from the poll-books of the several pre-
cinct^ of the county of Santa F6 ever deciaie to you, or
ever say before >ou personally, that they intended to retain
their uyhtb and ehaiucter Mexican citizens?
Answer. Not that J recollect ot.
"Eleventh question. Can von svvearthat anyone of those
persons \vhos>e names you selected lrom tne poll-books of
the several precinct.? of the county ot Santa Fe, are £he
same person* who^ name:, you swoie were on the list;
and if so, who aie they?
" •Answer. Jems Ma. Sena v Baca, Luis Aland, Gaspar
Brito, Nicolas Qmntana y Aland, Miguel Pino, Jesus Ma.
Baca, wiio I firmly believe were the same persons, and a
good many mote, whom f cannot call forth at this moment,
although I did not see any one of them vole myself
<k Tu clfth question What reason have you to believe that
they are the same persons ?
"Answer. Uecaiise I do not know any other peisons of
the same name m thi-> county.
u Wheieupon the court adjourned until nine o'clock to
morrow morning "
Here are six persons conjectured to be the same
who voted for me; and if the conjecture is right,
still the witness declares that he cannot swear to
the fact of the declaration made by them.
I So much for Giddings.
! The only remaining witness is Donaciano Vigil,
j (pp. 25, 26, 27, 28.) His testimony is annexed
j in full, from the printed pages of the document
■ in this case. He is asked, in chicf:
i " First question. Do you know the book marked Exhibit
A?
Answer. Yes; I know it.
" Second question. What book is it?
" Answer. It is the book in which tiio^e persons signed
their named who wished to retain the character of Mexican
citizens.
•• Third question. Look at the poll-book of precinct No.
4, county of Santa Fe, and see if you find any names among
the vofcis wbo signed the declination to ictain their char-
acter as Mexican citizen^, and wlio^e names appear in that
book.
'"Answer. I ppc several names, but I did not see them
vote, and therefore I cannot say if they are the same persons.' *
This book (Exhibit A) is in the possession of
the committee. I pray that it may be carefully
inspected by every member of tins House. If
they will not admit my right to demand that they
shall do so, then I ask it as a favor. It will be
seen, evidently, on the most cursory view, that
whole pages o"f what purport to be signatures are
manifestly written by the same hand.^ Not one
single signature is proven to be genuine. And
although it is peifectly competent for one man to
sign for another by his authority, yet such au-
thority must be proven in order-to bind him; and
such proof is totally wanting in this case.
Hut the witness had sense and conscience
enough to answer, as above quoted, " I see sev-
eral names, but I did not see them vote, and
thetefoi 1 I cannot say if they arc the same per-
sons."
That is the testimony upon which the majority
of the committee expiessly found their leport
that one hundred and thirty-one Mexicans voted
for me. "Will this House—will the people of the
country—agree that, upon this evidence, a fair
juryman could coueur in a verdict that I have
received one hundiod and thirty-one illegal votes ?
It seems to me superfluous to inquire into the
legal efficacy of the supposed declaration by these
one hundred and tbnty-one alleged voters; for,
first, in point of fact, it is not proven that they
