858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
that was of this character, whether from an in-
dividual or a corporate body, or any other body.
But sir, it purports to be a petition from the sena-
tors and representatives of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas. I admit that we are not to look
into the truth of the allegations of a memorial;
but when the party coming here does not exist,
and is not entitled to petition, we have no right
to receive it, as if it came from a foreigner; and
if it purports to come from a State that has no
existence, we are not authorized to receive it.
"Without, however, dwelling upon that point, the
character of the paper is such that I am not will-
ing to receive it as a genuine document.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, U seems to
me that, wheneverthe Senate of the United States
find a petition which they like, they are very apt
to receive it without being particularly critical
or nice about the form of its verification or the
technicality with which it is drawn up, or the
character of the persons signing it. But when-
ever a petition comes here which they do not like,
they are apt to scrutinize with greater particularity
and niceness than is essential to the dignity of
the body, all these trivial subjects. Two years
ago, three thousand five hundred clergymen of the
TInited States petitioned us, and a very serious
debate was entertained as to whether a petition
ought to be received and printed which was ad-
dressed to us in the name of God. Now, this
petition is presented, and Senators object to re-
ceiving it because it would compromit the Senate
to the admission of the course which the peti-
tioners assume; and Senators imagine, it seems
to me extravagantly, unnecessary consequences
to follow from their receiving the petition.
Sir, the simple ground that this is presented as
the petition of a State, constitutes an objection
with a large number of Senators which is suffi-
cient to cause them to reject it; and yet the peti-
tion does not purport to come from men who claim
to be a State m this Union, or the representatives
of a State in this Union. It comes from men who
say in effect that they tire not a State, but that
they have adopted a constitution, with a view that
they may bccome a State, which they are to be-
come, as I understand, when Congress shall grant
the prayer of their petition.
This, then, is a petition m fact presented by
the people of the Territory of Kansas, praying
in the customary manner in which such applica-
tions have been made heretofore, that they may
be admitted into this Union as a State. They
expressly pray by their petition that they may
become a State. That is sufficient to exclude the
conclusion that they assume to be a State in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
or of any law of Congress.
Senators are unable to understand how this can
be a provisional State, and not be an insurrec-
tionary State—a rebellious State. After a Ions;
argument on the subject, we find from the speech
of the honorable Senator from Delaware, that he
settles the whole matter in three words. He
admits that what has been done by the people of
Kansas, and all these legislative bodies, is not trea-
son. He says it is only incipient treason. It is
not yet treason; it is only going to be treason
when the crime shall be consummated hereafter,
by some further action. Since Senators have
arrived at the point of ascertaining that there is
such a thing as incipient treason, short of real,
actual ^reason, I suppose they must by this time
have arrived, also, satisfactorily to themselves,
at the conclusion that there is such a thing as a
provisional State, which is not a State, but is an
incipient State, to be a State when Congress shall
grant its petition, and to be no State at all if Con-
gress shall refuse to grant the petition.
What have we, then, here, but a simple peti-
tion, drawn up on the prairies of Kansas, of peo-
ple who present their grievances to the Senate of
the United States, asking a hearing ?—and they
represent tliat they have suffered wrongs, and in-
justice, and oppression,and invasion,and tyranny,
in violation of the laws of the United States, and
they ask redress. The Senate of the Unites States
closes its eyes and shuts its ears, and refuses to
hear and to listen. Sir, this may be the way to
go through with this business. It may be the way
to treat the people of a Territory of the United
States, through their representatives whom they
have delegated to speak for them. I have only
to say that I second, with all my heart, the
remark of the honorable Senator from Maine, on
the other side of the Senate Chamber, which
seemed to be so irritating that it is precisely the
way in which revolutions which are peaceable
and constitutional in the beginning, come, in the
end, to be dangerous and alarming.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
long thought that this debate was anything but a
proper one. I have long thought that the effect,
whatever might have been the design, would be
to inflame the public mind. I have,therefore,
desired its suppression; and with this view I shall
vote against the resolution of the Senator from
Virginia, so as to let this matter remain as it is
disposed of, unless it be that gentlemen, by a con-
tinued indirect evasion, or a violation of the rules,
shall, upon appeals from the decision of the
Chair, undertake to discuss the merits of the
question.
Sir, I am for the suppression of this debate,
and of all those designs which would disturb the
Union of this country, and the peace of its citi-
zens. I will not allow myself to be made an in-
strument by every man who chooses to bring a
torch in his hand here in the morning. I will
not stir the fire for him. Nor will I, if I can in
any mode prevent debate upon such a question,
permit him this sinister advantage of disturbing
his country by an affected patriotic ebullition on
the subject.
Sir, I did not intend even to say this much, but I
have said it. The gentleman from New York is
well acquainted with this paper. It is the appeal,
he says, of outraged men—of oppressed men. It
comes to us in characters of distress, written, if
we believe the honorable gentleman, rather in
tears than in ink. Now, I ask, why was this
paper put upon the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan ? In order that his great name—his patriotic
name—might give force to it. I cheerfully accord
him honor for his patriotism; but I have known
him from my boyhood, and have known him to
be always honest, always patriotic in the service
of the country. Why was this paper put on him !
who knew nothing about it, to be presented to |
this body ? Why, when some question was made 1
about its authenticity, did the honorable Senator
from New York endeavor to make him commit
himself before this whole nation, by his high
authority to the genuineness of the paper ? The
gentleman from New York at once rose, and with
that modesty and forbearance which have char-
acterized him on this subject, said substantially,
" I will not take from the honorable Senator from
Michigan the privilege of vindicating the petition
which he has presented." Sir, was any design
ever more palpable ? The gentleman tells us that
this paper which has now at last reached the t
Senate, has been published fifty thousand times, j
Will he please to tell me whether those erasures !
were published in the original, for he is well;
acquainted with it? Did that form part of the ;
publication ? What hand has undertaken to ob-!
iiterate or erase one word of this petition from j
distressed men which they designed to lay before i
this body? Will the gentleman answer? He;
may forbear to answer.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not forbear to answer
when the Senator concludes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Answer now. I am
donr.
Mr. SEWARD. I answer the honorable Sen-
ator that I have never seen the paper any nearer
than I see it now in his hands. That is one
answer. The next answer is, that I have never
read the printed sheets. The honorable Senator
will see, then, that I am able to give him no par- ;
ticular, definite information in regard to the paper. !
I never knew that it was to be presented, or to '
be presented by the honorable and distinguished j
Senator from Michigan. The honorable Senator -
from Kentucky assumed, in the course of his j
rem irks, that 1 understood and knew all about it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That was my infer-
ence.
Mr. SEWARD. My first knowledge of the
existence of the paper, and all that I have upon
the subject, is what has come to my cars here in i
the Senate, m the hearing of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentu<^vy himself, and of every other
member of this body. 1 have assumed, and I
entertain no doubt, that the paper which is pre-
sented is the same paper, with its marks, and I
interlineations, and erasures, which the gentleman i
who was charged with it received. I assumed
that, on the ground that the honorable gentleman
from the Territory of Kansas who presented the
paper here has been a Representative in the Con-
gress of the United States. He is intrusted by
his people with the honor of a provisional elec-
tion to this House. I assumed, therefore, that
his character, and I assumed also that the char-
acter of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
was sufficient to screen the transaction from sus-
picions so unworthy, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky will allow me to say, of him; and that
his criticism upon erasure becomes rather the
argument of a cross-examining attorney in a
county court than the presence of the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mi\ President, I sup-
posed, from the manner in which the honorable
Senator had spoken of this memorial, that it was
in print. He told the Senate that it had been
published fifty thousand times. How could he
make that assertion without seeing it? He says
he never read it. How does he say that he knew
it to be the same ? He could not answer in truth,
unless he read it. How can he say that one
paper or the other has been published when he
never read either paper?
But, sir, the honorable gentleman thinks I did
him great injustice in supposing or suspecting
that he knew anything of this paper being placed
in the hands of the honorable Senator from
Michigan. He says the inference is unworthy
of me.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me; I did not sav that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought so.
Mr. SEWARD. What I said was unworthy
of the honorable gentleman was his criticism on
the erasures in the paper.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He said, also, that it
was unworthy of me, and like a county court
lawyer. Sir, I am not ashamed of my profession.
I would a thousand times rather pursue that noble
profession—let the gentleman denominate it as he
may—than that of apleaderin politics. I thought
the gentleman said—and I willgo on nowto speak
of it—that the suspicion that he knew anything
about it was unworthy of me.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I did not say that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He said that it was
like a county court lawyer. Sir, there are too
many professional men in this body for me to
apprehend any injury from any allusion which
the gentleman may please to make. I had rather
be a professional lawyer than a professional poli-
tician. I had rather be anything else than that.
I wonder that the Senator from New York, when
he ventures to come herewith such taunts to me,
is not restrained by a consciousness of his own
liability, by such an intimation or insinuation to
hurt me. Here, in my profession, and every
where, I am the same man.
Sir, the erasure in this paper is a matter of
some little surprise to me, and it has been so, not
only to me, but to many Senators here. I only
wished to know whether any part of the repre-
sentation of these patriots had been suppressed
as impolitic and unjust. I have endeavored to
avoid all interference in this matter; and I now
intend to vote, whenever the question shall be
taken, against the resolution of the Senator from
Virginia, for the purpose of putting an end to this
discussion, and to this controversy. I do not
think I did the Senator from New York any
injustice in any respect. He may think that it
is unworthy of me, but I must say that I suspect
the purpose. It is for no public good—for no
public purpose, but for agitation, for party, for
sectional purposes, against the interests and
against the good of this country and its peace
and harmony. I say that much, sir. The gen-
tleman may think that this is a suspicion un-
worthy of a Senator, but I tell him that that
depends on the Senator to whom it is applied.
Mr. President, I rose simply for the purpose—
though I have gone beyond it—of making an in-
quiry which I suppose to be answered in good
faith, in regard to the erasures which have been
pointed out to me, on my attention being called
to the paper. I supposed he could inform us
how these erasures came, and whether they were
a portion of the published paper which has been
circulated through the country at the rate of fifty
thousand copies.
