1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky is a much more ex-
perienced, and a much wiser and a greater man
than I am; but he will probably learn from this
discussion that the best way to deal with me is to
deal with kindness, and gentleness, and with re-
spect, as I have always dealt with him. He asked
me howl could say that this paper was published
in an edition of fifty thousand copies when I had
never read that edition and this paper ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Precisely.
Mr. SEWARD. I simply say to the honor-
able Senator that I have heard the paper described
—I have heard its contents stated—I know its
caption, and its object. I saw late—too late last
night to read, when the mail arrived, a paper
purporting to be this paper which had been pre-
sented to the Senate of the United States, in, if I
remember rightly, one of the newspapers of the
city of New York. I knew the accuracy with
which reporters for the city press of New York
supply themselves with information, and I as-
sumed that the papers were the same. I assume
it yet. And now let the honorable Senator, since
he boasts of his professional eharactcr, prove the
contrary. The onus probandi is on him.
The honorable Senator represents me as at-
tacking him in his profession. So aged and distin-
guished a member of that profession, so aged and
distinguished a member of this body, ought to be
moreaccurate inlisteningandmoreslowin stating
the ground assumed by his adversary. I said no
such thing. I entertain for that Senator now, as I
have thioughmy whole life before I ever saw him,
and as I shall, in spite of the ebullition of his pas-
sion towards me on this occasion, yet entertain
for him profound veneration as a lawyer, a Sen-
ator, a patriot,and a statesman. I discover that
the honorable Senator does not entertain that
sentiment in regard to me. That is not strange.
It has been my'fortune here, for some years, not
to inspire gentlemen with the same respect for
myself which I always intend to entertain for
them, L shall in the end, by the time I have as
many years over my head as the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I doubt not, have his ac-
knowledgment that I am at least as honest a man
as he is.
The honorable Senator says that I have assailed
his profession. No, sir. I said that the partic-
ular criticism that he made on the paper was un-
becoming, not of him, but unbecoming this ques-
tion in the Senate of, the United States. It is
descending to an inquiry which is unusual and
extraordinary; and connected with the fact that
the petition itself is regarded as offensive, it
seems to be an excuse for rejecting the petition
instead of a sufficient reason. The petition itself
was presented by another Senator. From the
beginning of this debate until the end I have not
spoken uipon the merits of the question in any
way to any extent, or with any interest or feel-
ing on the subject. Indeed, I have thought it
quite unimportant. Yet the honorable Senator
from Kentucky—1 do not know whether he has
been here during the whole debate or not—rises
in his place and charges upon me the whole of
this discussion, and charges it upon me connected
with the object of producing discontent and dis-
satisfaction in the Union.
Sir, there are various ways of showing devo-
tion and loyalty to the Union. The honorable
Senator has his opinions of what will promote
and secure the stability of the Union; I have
mine. They are widely different from his; they
are, however, as profoundly cherished, and, ac-
cording to my judgment, are as thoroughly sanc-
tioned by the principles of the Constitution as
those of the houoiable Senator.
This is the first time I have ever said so much
in my own defense. It is probably the last time
thut I shall ever say or ask the Senate, or any-
body else, to believe that I am a loyal man to the
Union of the United States; but, nevertheless,
I give the honorable Senator notice that, if he
wants to save the peace and harmony of this coun-
try, if he wants to see the pillars of this Union
strengthened, he must not, on a preliminary and
collateral question like this, take ari issue upon
the numb or of words obliterated 01* altcicd in <1
petition from the people of a Territory of the
United States, asking, as suppliants, to be ad-
mitti'd into the Union, in order that they may be
delivered from a usurpation and tyranny which
is intolerable to free men, and can be submitted to
by slaves only.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it has
been my disposition from first to last, on this
whole subject, on which I stand to a great extent
impartial, to endeavor, as far as may depend on
my humble voice and vote, to do and sustain
what I think is right. I have had no disposition
to mingle in the controversy at this stage of it.
I was a quiet listener. When I rose, it was after
I had heard the authenticity of this document
questioned, and denied in the Senate; and when,
among other evidences of it, there were pointed
out tome erasures and interlineations to a consid-
erable extent in the paper. Supposing the gentle-
man from New York to be well acquainted with it,
from the fact of his having asserted in the Senate
that it had been published fifty thousand times,
I did not conceive that there was any personal
offense whatever in myasking him the question,
whether it was published with the parts erased,
or published as this paper is presented here, with
its erasures ? It was not very important other-
wise, than as it mightcontribute to settle the ques-
tion which I had heard disputed in the Senate, as
to the genuineness of the paper. It was in that
spirit, and without the least unkindness, I can
assure the Senator, towards him, that I put the
question. He was the only Senator who had
spoken of it in a manner that could justify the
inference that he had personal knowledge and
acquaintance with the paper. I thought there
was 110 offense in asking him a question in regard
to it. I did not suppose he would so consider it;
and I can assure the gentleman that it was from
no spirit of unkindness to him, for I have none
such; but when, upon asking the question, with
this inoffensive purpose and intention, I was told
that thus adverting to these erasures more be-
came a county court lawyer 
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; more became a coun-
ty court than the Senate of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. More became a county
court, then.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator is the
last man, as a lawyer, whom I would attempt to
disparage. I consider him at the head of his
profession.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not profess any
such thing.
Mr. SEWARD. That is my opinion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. For that 1 thank the
honorable Senator; but I understood him, how-
ever, as easting reflection on this examination.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was on that suppo-
sition that I spoke. But, sir, I do not wish to
continue this debate. My purpose here is not to
be a partisan. I have had my time in that; my
ambition hereafter is to be a patriot. _ I have not
long before me. The little of life that is left is not
with any hope of preferment, or ambition; but a
simple desire to serve my country honorably in
the exalted position in which she has placed me,
is my chief design. I desire not to play the part
of a partisan, but to endeavor, as far as my humble
abilities will allow mc, to do the utmost good I can
to my common country. I seek no quarrels; 1 seek
no controversies, public or private; I shun them. I
regret myself, that, having attempted to make the
inquiry, which I did with a perfectly pacific in-
tention, meaning no offense whatever, my object
has been misconstrued. Whatever offense there
has been on my side, or his, has grown out of his
explanation, and was a misunderstanding on my
part of expressions used by him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, our atten-
tion has been called to this paper by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] to whom,
I think, the Senate ought to feel obliged for the
scrutiny which he has bestowed upon it. I am
perfectly willing to subject myself to the repeti-
tion of the reproach which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, who has preceded me, was so
unfortunate as to draw from the Senator from
JXew York, and to make an objection which, m
the opinion of that Senator, rather becomes a
county court than the Senate of the United States.
Here is a paper upon casting my eye over which
I find that, from the beginning to the end, the
body of the paper and the signatures are all in
one handwriting; and I find it, as stated by my
friend front Ohio, mutilated, not in unimportant
particulars, but by the erasure of two or three
propositions which were stated in the paper aa
grounds on which these petitioners rested their
rights, which have been so completely refuted
within the last few days in the Senate, that, being
no longer tenable, they are stricken out. If thia
be a genuine document, it would be impossible
that these propositions should have been stricken
out within the last three or four days.
I believe, upon the face of this petition and
upon scrutnizing its statements and the signatures
which are attached to it, that it is an impudent
forgery, attempted to be palmed off upon the
Senate of the United States, through the hands
of the venerable Senator from Michigan. I do
not believe this to be the petition of the men
from whom it purports to emanate. I want to
know how this petition got here under such cir-
cumstances as to call for such observations as it
has elicited from all sides of the House.
Mr. President, are we not aware that the men
whose signatures purport to be attached to thia
paper are fugitives from justice ? Has it not been
stated in the public journals of the land that the
judges and marshals of the United States have
gone into the neighborhood of the place where
they were practicing their treasonable maneuvers,
and that they have fled before the indignant justice
of the land ? Call this a petition, sir! A petition
with no signature, with no authenticity, with no
one to vouch for its truth or verity! The very
gentleman who stands up here, and pretends
before the Senate, with pharisaicalphrase, that we
are refusing to hear the humble memorials of the
people of the country who ask us to listen to the
story of their grievances,—the gentleman who
states the case in these terms tells us, on being
pushed by my friend from Kentucky, that he
knows nothing at all upon the subject, and will not
undertake to say that this is, or is not, a veritable
| emanation from the people who purport to have
sent it here!
When this debate opened this morning, the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] undertook to
compare those who object to the reception of a
memorial such as this to those men of revolution-
ary memory who refused to listen to the respect-
ful petitions and remonstrances of the people of
this country when those remonstrances and those
petitions were poured in one-uninterrupted stream
to the British Parliament and the British Crown.
Why, sir, when those petitions and memorials
were presented by our forefathers, and their con-
tumelious rejection produced the state of feeling
which finally resulted m the independence of the
country, were they sent to Great Britain as ema-
nating from a constitutional Government estab-
lished in this country in contempt of the mother
country, or were they presented as the humble
petitions of citizens, obedient to the Government
under which they lived, asking for redress in a
constitutional form? '
Mr. President, something has been said about
the petitions already presented, and the constitu-
tion of this incipient State, as it is called, having
been printed by order of the Senate. If my atten-
tion had been called to those petitions, as it has
been called to this, I differ from some friends
around me. I should have voted for their recep-
tion and for their printing; because, however vain
and idle, in my estimation, has been the conduct
of the men who undertook to form a constitution
at the place called Topeka, they never attempted
to put that Government into operation in defiance
of Congress. It was a perfectly vain and idle thing
for a small fraction, a minority of the people of
that Territory, thus to act. Gentlemen may say
to the contrary as much as they please; but, so
far as authentic information is concerned, we
know that they are a minority. We are not to be
led from the state of facts on this question, by
repeated asseverations here onthis floor, utterly
void of proof. We know from everything authen-
tic that has come before the Congress of the
United States, that the people who undertook to
establish an independent Government are a mi-
nority of the inhabitants of that Territory. And
yet a minority on the record, a minority according
to everything authentic that has been communi-
cated to Congress, and those who assume their
defense nn this floor, undertook to speak to the
country on the undoubted assumption that they
are a majority of the people, and that those who
are there representing the regularly-constituted
