1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
123r
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
and casting all their votes for his opponent? No
man, sir, can be made to believe that.
It strikes me, on this view of the case, that it
must be seen and felt that, in one or other of
these elections, the organic law of the Territory
was wantonly trampled on and disregarded. It
must also be apparent that, at one or other of
these elections, the election was superintended and
votes cast by a different people altogether from
that which superintended and cast the votes at the
other election. It concerns all the people of this
land to know the truth of this; to know whether
the organic law for the government of that Ter-
ritory has been defied, set at naught, and over-
turned by armed invasion ? Have the people of
Kansas chosen the sitting Delegate, or have they
been conquered by an invading army ? Is the
sitting Delegate here without the consent of the
fjeople, in violation of law and by the apt of
awless invaders ? Is he here by the decision
of the sword and not of the ballot ? These, sir,
are the questions which we seek to have inves-
tigated—and these are the questions which arise
upon the facts stated in the majority report,
and to investigate which the committee ask au-
thority of the House to send for persons and
papers. If no " probable case'' demanding inquiry
has been made out in the.report of the commit-
tee, then I admit that the power asked for ought
not to be conferred. The minority admit that,
if the case made by the committee as to the ille-
gality of the Territorial Legislature be within the
jurisdiction of this House, that there is a necessity
for an investigation, but object to the mode pro-
posed by the majority for taking the proof.
I now proceed to inquire whether or not a prob-
able case for inquiry in the matter of these elec-
tions has been made out by the facts reported by
the majority of the Committee of Elections. The
organic act of the Territory prescribes the manner
in which the territorial Delegate shall be chosen.
It provides that a Delegate to the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States shall be elected
to serve for the term of two years; and that, after
the first election, he shall be chosen by the quali-
fied electors in the mode prescribed by law. It is
known that neither of these elections held in Oc-
tober last was the first election within the Terri-
tory. Therefore the people had the right by the
organic act to prescribe, through a Legislature
chosen by themselves, the times, places, and man-
ner of the Delegate election which was held on
the first Monday of October, 1855. They had
this right, sir, for it*s given to them by the ex-
press terms of the organic act of the Territory;
and the American people have the right through
us to inquire whether this provision of their own
law for the legislation of that Territory and the
conduct of elections therein was violated and
thwarted by invaders in the conduct of that elec-
tion. This is charged to have been done in the
memorial sent to the committee by this House.
"Will gentlemen undertake to stifle this inquiry ?
I do not think there is here any man so bold as
to deny that the subject is worthy of the consid-
eration of this body. Are we to be told that,
though the fact be as charged, though the time,
places, and manner of holding the election of the
first Monday of October, was not prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly of Kansas, but by
a revolutionary assembly chosen by non-resi-
dents of the Territory—we cannot inquire into
the matter? Are we to be told that the printed
journals and acts of an assembly op usurpers,
convened within the Territory, at a place un-
known to the organic act, estops us, and the
nation through us, from inquiring whether that
body was the duly and legally, chosen Legisla-
tive Assembly of Kansas? Be it remembered,
that no Legislative Assembly could be chosen in
Kansas and invested with legislative power but
by the actual residents and citizens of that Territory,
and only by them, in the manner prescribed by
the organic act.
What are the provisions of this act for the
election, of a Legislative Assembly for Kansas? It
is provided that the Legislative Assembly shall
consist of a Council and a House of Represent-
atives, each member of which " shall reside in
and be an inhabitant of the district, or county or
counties" from which he is chosen, and that the
first election for which Assembly " shall be held
at such time and places," and be conducted " in
such manner, both as to the persons who shall
superintend such election and the returns thereof,
as the Governor shall appoint and direct." There
was but one Assembly claiming to be the Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas which sat anterior to
the first Monday of October, 1855. It was that
body, if any, that prescribed the time, place, and
manner of the election for Delegate to this Con-
gress. But did that body do this? And, if so,
was it the Legislative Assembly of Kansas ? Waiv-
ing, for the present, the question of the legitimacy
of the body—assuming, for the time, that it was
duly chosen, I say that it did not provide, as re-
quired by the organic law, for the election under
which the sitting Delegate claims his seat. I
notice this fact in this connection, (though it would
be more appropriate in the fined hearing of the
case,) because we have been told that we are
concluded by the acts of the Legislature, and can-
not go behind them. I ask, are we concluded by
territorial enactments, which on their very face
violate the organic law, and are therefore void ?
An illegal act is nothing. It evidences nothing.
It estops nobody; it controls nobody; and it
sanctions no act.
Let us see now whether this legislation, which
we are told estops us, is in violation of the organic
law of the Territory, and void. It is provided in
that law, that " the legislative power of the Ter-
ritory shall extend to all rightful subjects of legis-
lation, consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of this act."
It further provides that at the first election every
free white male inhabitant over twenty-one years
of age, and actually a resident of the Territory,
shall be qualified to vote and hold office, but that
at every subsequent election the qualifications of
electors, as well as those holding office, shall be
prescribed by law: provided, however, says the
act, " that the right of suffrage and of holding
office shall be exercised only by citizens of the
United States and those who have declared on
oath their intention to become such, and shal
have taken an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and the provisions of said j
Kansas-Nebraska act, and who are actual resi-
dents of the Territory." ;
These, sir, are limitations imposed by the or-
ganic act upon the territorial legislation of Kan-
sas. Let us see whether the enactments of this
self-constituted legislative body violate these pro- j
visions of the organic act. If they do, I would
like to know by what process of reasoning gen- 1
tlemen arrive at the .conclusion that anybody is [
estopped by them ? The election enactment of j
this Legislative Assembly, which we are told has '
the authority of law, and that it concludes us, in
my judgment is a wanton and flagrant abuse of
the powers intended to be conferred by the or-
ganic act, and also a gross violation of that act. I
refer, Mr. Speaker, to the election law under
which the sitting Delegate was chosen. It will
be found on page 330 of this volume before me,
purporting to be the statutes of the Legislature
of Kansas.
Section first provides that, on the" first Monday
of October, 1855, there shall be an election in that
Territory for a Delegate to Congress. Section four
provides that in case there be a court-house in the
several counties of the Territory, the election shall
be held there; but that, in case there be no court-
house, the county commissioners shall fix the
place of election; and, in case the commissioners
shall fail to fix the place for the election in any
county twenty days before any election, it shall
be the duty of the sheriff of such county to desig-
nate the place of holding the election; and it
further provides that the county commissioners
may establish such additional elective precincts as
may seem to them proper, not exceeding one pre-
cinct in any one municipal township. This Legis-
lative Assembly, it will thus be seen, delegates,
in certain cases, the power of fixing the places of
election (which,by the organic act, was conferred
exclusively upon the Legislative Assembly of Kan-
sas) to the county commissioners first, and then if
the commissioners do not exercise the power, to
the sheriffs of the several counties. I submit to the
House whether a delegated authority of this kind
can be thus transferred and exercised through
irresponsible agents. If this assembly in Kansas, i j
which we are told is the valid, legally constituted
"Legislative Assembly" of the Territory, could
transfer to the county commissioners, and after
them to the county sheriffs, the power of fixing
the places of election, which this organic act con-
ferred exclusively upon them, could they not, in
like manner, transfer to the sheriffs and county
commissioners the power of also fixing the time
and manner of elections ? Is there any man who
is willing to stultify himself by saying that it
would be within the power of the Legislature to
do this? Why, sir, the organic act does not con-
template that any legislative power over the time,
place, and manner of elections in that Territory
shall vest in the county sheriffs or county com-
missioners. On the contrary, I read in the
organic act this strange language, " that the legis-
lative power and authority of that Territory shall
be vested in a Governor and Legislative Assembly,"
and that " the peaces, as well as the time and man-
ner of election, shall be prescribed by law."
The place of the election of the first Monday of
October last was not "prescribed by law," aa
required; but that power, as I said before, was,
upon certain very probable contingencies, strangely
delegated to the county sheriffs and county com-
missioners. Is not that an unusual sort of legis-
lation ? By this enactment the people were ad-
vised that in whatever county there is a court-
house the election shall be held there; but if there
is no court-house, then the election shall be held
at such place as the county commissioners or
sheriff may prescribe: provided, however, that the
county commissioners may establish an election
precinct in every municipal township, and it is
supposed a place for the election therein. Sir,
this election law, as it is called, passed by this
body of usurpers, assuming to be the Legislative
Assembly of Kansas, violates the organic act of
that Territory in another very important partic-
ular. The 11th section of the Kansas election act
provides for the qualification of elector^; and de-
clares, among other things, that " every free
male Indian, who is made a citizen of the United
States by treaty or otherwise, who is over twenty-
| one years of age, who shall be an inhabitant of
the county and Territory, who shall have paid a
territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector. The
' " otherwise" used in this statute is supplied by
the succeeding clause of the same enactment;
which clause is in these words : " and all Indians
who are inhabitants of this Territory, and who
have adopted the customs of the white man, and
who are liable to pay taxes, shall be deemed cit-
izens."
It is understood, I believe, that all the Indian
tribes in that Territory are not made citizens by
treaty. It is understood, and so expressed in the
thirty-seventh section of the organic act, that the
Government of the United States has entered into
sundry treaties with the several tribes of Indians
residing in that Territory. A treaty, I believe, ia
a contract entered into between sovereign powers.
I believe the several treaties contemplated by the
organic act were made by and between a sover-
eign power known as the people of the United
States on the one side, and other several sovereign
powers known as the "Indian tribes" in that
Territory upon the other side.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he asserted that no treaties
had been made with the Indians inhabiting the
Territory of Kansas, by which they were made
citizens of the United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I say that the organic
statute itself gives us to understand that there
was no such treaty, making all citizcns, for it
contemplated them as distinct from the citizens
and as the subjects of distinct laws.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inform the gentle-
man that there is a treaty by which certain In-
dians residing in the Territory of Kansas are
made citizens of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to ask the gen-
tleman whether the treaty makes all the Indian
tribes inhabiting that Territory citizens?
Mr. PHELPS. I assert that only in reference
to one tribe.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not help this
Kansas statute, because this statute, irrespective
of the fact that many of these Indians are not
citizcns, but aliens, provides that "all Indiana
