SM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Government, under our acts, are in a pitiful mi-
nority.
But, sir, as I said before, I should have voted
for the printing of that constitution—and why ?
It was simply a vain and idle thing. There was
no harm in any faction of this people, however
small, meeting together and going* through the
farce, the baby-play of making what they might
choose to call a constitution for Kansas, and
sending it here and praying us to adopt it. I
should have no objection to their presenting such
a petition, and printing their baby constitution
and laying it on the table, and giving every man,
woman, and child among them, a copy of it to
read and study and get by heart. If that would
be any consolation to them or their advocates, let
them have it, hut the proposition which is now
before us is to receive, and after our attention has
been drawn to the subject, to act upon the memo-
rial of men who pretend, upon the very face of
their paper, that they have assumed the gov-
ernment of a Territory in opposition to, and in
defiance of, our laws; that they have a right to
put down the government which we instituted in
the Territory; that they, the creatures, shall rise
superior to their creator, and dictate laws to that
creator. That is the proposition contained on the
face of this petition. " We, the undersigned,
Senators and Representatives of the General As-
sembly of the State of Kansas, now in session."
Where are they now, sir? Where are their ses-
sions now held ? (i Now in session," as longas
the Federal authorities were so far that the arm
of the law could not reach them. "Now*m ses-
sion," as long as there was no foeman to look
them in the face. Where are they now? What
shall we answer to these people now? Let them
collect together at some known spot to receive the
answer of the Congress of the United States to
ihis insolent memorial.
Yet, sir, upon a paper like this Senators around
us talk in tones soft, and smooth, aud deferential.
They insinuate to us that we had better take care
how we refuse to the people of this country the
sacred right of petition! Let these men petition.
I vet them petition as citizens, and however un-
worthy they may be to be recognized as Amer-
ican citizens, I believe that there is not a Senator
on this floor who would object to the reception,
and if their friends desire it to the printing, of their
petition or memorial; but when they undertake to
come here styling themselves Senators and Rep-
resentatives of a State, we are told by the honor-
able Senator from New York that we are very
anxious and glad to receive petitions, whose sub-
ject-matter suits our tastes, but that the moment
anything does not suit us we seek for technical
difficulties and talk abouterasures and signatures;
Will the honorable Senator from New York say
that, upon any other subject than this, if his at-
tention were called to a paper whose authenticity
■was joubtcd, and he found all the memorial and
the signatures written in one handwriting, with
erasures—will he say that under suspicious cir-
cumstances like these, he would then undertake
to act on such a memorial or petition as gen-
uine?
Mr. President, it is not to be forgotten that
there were circumstances attendant on this case
that must have attracted the particular attention
of these memorialists to the necessity of having
their paper put in proper form. The subject on
which they address the Senate of the United
States is no ordinary, every-day matter. They
could not hope or suppose that a subject of tlus
kind would pass unnoticed or unquestioned; and
therefore, if the memorial were genuine, if it r<-ally
emanated from the men by whom it purports to
be signed, it would have keen placed in proper
form, every lino would have been carefully pre-
pared, every signature subscribed by the man
whose signature it purported to be. It must have
been known at the time that a memorial like this
would necessarily be subjected to scrutiny; and
that fact being known. I cannot believe that the
one now before us is genuine; I believe it to be
an impudent forgery.
But, sir, I have been amused at some of the
other propositions started—one from the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. H\le.w] He
answered to my friend from South Carolina that
lie (the gentleman from New Hampshire) was
just as much opposed to anarchy, and deprecated
its existence as much as my friend from South
Carolina did, and therefore—mark the logic—and
therefore, to put an end to anarchy, he proposed
coolly and deliberately to gentlemen on this floor
to subvert the established government, that the
majority of the people of the Territory should
withdraw from the exercise of that authority
which had been constitutionally vested in them,
and give way to a minority seeking by force of
arms to subvert the established government! I
say " by force of arms"—am I not right? Is it
denied here?—has it been denied in the public
prints of the country?—do the friends of these
misguided men in any part of this land deny that
they are preparing arms by which to resist the
constituted government? Is it denied that but
very lately, m an old, time-honored scat of learn-
ing, one of the oldest, gray-headed professors—
whose name is known all through this land as an
ornament to science, as a distinguished repre-
sentative of American science—has been so far
carried away as sacnligeously to desecrate the
house devoted to the worship of God, by making
incendiary appeals to the people of the State of
Connecticut to furnish money and arms for car-
rying on an open war against the Government of
the United States? I say, against the Govern-
ment of the United States, because it is against
the government constituted by the legitimate
authorities of this country. Yes, sir, at a meeting
called in the house of prayer, where one would
suppose that every influence which could operate
upon the mind of a man who believed in a future
responsibility would have checked this outburst
of fanaticism and folly, there speeches are made
by men who profess to be the ministers of peace—
there aged men, whose tottering steps can scarcely
lead them to their daily repast or their daily
duties—who are trembling upon the very verge
of the grave—cheerfully come forward and sub-
scribe money to buy Sharpe's rifles, to shed the
blood of their fellow citizens. On what pretext?—
on what solitary pretext? Take everything that
has been said here as true; take every word that
has been uttered by these gentlemen as absolutely
and positively proven; and what is the amount
of it?
Upon one election, in one Territory where
there are a few thousand inhabitants gathered
together from different parts of the Union, there
has been violence and fraud committed in some,
or all of the districts if you please. Well, sir,
suppose it be so; suppose all that be admitted to
its uttermost extent, is the Territory of Kansas
the only spot in this confederation where elec-
tion frauds or election violence have been com-
mitted? In any other part of the Confederacy,
where men have met together in armed bands, or
by violence or threats have proceeded to overawe
the people when attempting to exercise their right
at the polls, has anybody proposed that the peo-
ple shall arm and fight out these battles in the
streets? Have not the good and the wise, and
the prudent, and the moderate, on all sides of
us, combined together to discourage these things,
to put them down, to make an appeal to the good
sense—to the patriotic feeling—of the American
people, that they may counsel together to meet
emergencies like these in the spirit which actu-
ated their fathers when they met just after the
battle which resulted m their independence?
Sir, in every other part of the Union we find
men whose blood no longer courses m such rapid
pulses through their veins, dissuading the people
from violence, pointing to them the blessings which
they enjoy under a Governnientconstituted as is
ours, urging them by everything that can appeal
to the human heart not to desecrate the memory
or show ingratitude for the services of those who
have gone before them. But here, on this one
spot, all the waters of strife and bitterness appear
to have been poured forth. And, sir, with what
view? My friend from Kentucky hesitated to
say it; but it is apparent to every man who looks
upon what is now going on m this land. There
is no view, no desire, no purpose, for aught but
to acquire political power. It is a struggle for
the government of the country. It is no struggle
for freedom. That is a vain and a shallow pre-
text. Freedom, sir, is not obtained by violent,
by lawless, by revolutionary factions, conducted
in the manner in which this faction has conducted
itself. Freedom, sir, is the result of wise coun-
sels—of prudent conduct—of firmness and de-
i termination, I admit, but not of such firmness
and determination as have been.evinced by these
men who are now m Kansas.
Mr. President, is there no remedy for the
country but appeals like this? Is there no power
in this country possessed of an arm which can
be stretched forth to save? There is a remedy;
there is a power; and, if the Congress of the
United States shall fail to exercise that remedy
and that power, the people of the country, rising
superior to the servants who unworthily repre-
sent them at both ends of this Capitol, will take
the remedy into their own hands.
If there is a contested election, let it be determ-
ined by due progress of law. If facts are contested,
let those facts come to light after proper investi-
gation, and not be brought here before us upon
allegations drawn from newspapers, from tele-
graphic slips, and letter-writers to the New York
Herald, or to the Tribune, or to the Times.
That is the authentic information upon which we,
the Senators of the United States, are expectcd
to act and to base our legislation!
It appears to me that it is idle to continue a
discussion like this—utterly idle and futile. The
gentlemen who are urging the printing of this
memorial will not undertake—not one of them
can undertake—to assert its verity or genuine-
ness. If it were genuine it cannot be printed
under our laws; it cannot be printed under the
rules of the Senate; but it must go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. I agree with my friend from
Kentucky in one thing, that I must vote against
the resolution of the Senator from Virginia. In
this case the game is not worth the candle. Let
this thing sleep where it already is. We can vin-
dicate great principles upon occasions better
adapted for their assertion. We can give our
votes on occasions when the country will better
understand them, than on this miserable question
of printing this obscure paper. Let it pass: let
us leave this subject; let it go to sleep; and when
we wish to discuss the question in relation to the
organization of Kansas, or the conduct that it he-
comes this Congress to pursue, let us do it on the
bills which are now on our tables, when we can
have votes leading to some practical result; not
upon these slight side motions which lead to de-
bate, and nine times out of ten excite more heat
and passion than much more important subjects
—subjects much better deserving of the interest
which we are bestowing upon this now before
us.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Louisiana
distrusts the character of this paper, as well he
may, and doubts whether it is a genuine paper;
whether it is not a forgery that has been palmed
off upon the Senate, for suspicion attaching at
the time, in which I cordially unite with him.
That being his view, I cannot exactly see why
he should not support my resolution. I never
examined the paper or criticized it at all; but I
confess, knowing, as I do, the resorts which have
been embraced by those who are seeking to in-
flame the public mind on the Kansas question,
a paper of this sort coming before us is fraught
with suspicion; but I do not understand how a
Senator who entertains, and properly entertains,
these suspicions, can allow the paper to go to the
Committee on Printing, or be referred to the
Committee on Territories, until he knows what
it is, and that we have not been imposed upon.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will state to the Senator
-that 1 should not vote to refer it to the committee
if it were not already there; but I do not choose
to vote to bring it back; I do not think it is worth
while.
Mr. MASON. I differ from the honorable
Senator. I think, if there is reason to believe
that the Senate has been imposed upon by a
spurious paper, which their respect to papers of
this sort has committed without examination, we
ought to retrace our steps, and brins it again
before the Senate, to make the proper disposition
of it. That would be my view.
As to the agitation by debate, we know very
well that we cannot escape a debate of this char-
acter. It will come up from day to day, when-
ever the subject is brought before the Senate —
upon the report and bill which we have before us
from the Committee on Territories. We cannot
escape debate; that is impossible.
Mr. RUSK. I have purposely avoided the
discussion of Kansas matters. I did not intend
to say anything to-day, expecting to cast a silent
