134
THE CONGRESSIONAL5 GLOBE.
January 3,
to say that what was stated in the debate alluded
to, by the gentleman who immediately represents
the district in which I reside, I have no doubt
"whatever, was honestly said. Ill one respect,
however, he fell into a slight error and at a
proper time, and upon a proper occasion, I shall
undertake to show at some length the extent and
character of that error. I only desire to say
now, sir, that as I understood those Senators who
voted for what is called the Kansas-Nebraska
act, came to a tacit understanding, so far as they
and the party to which they belonged were con-
cerned, to submit the question of slavery, with
all others of a kindred character, to the people to
be affected thereby. In all the discussions which
I had in my own State—and they were somewhat
numerous and lengthy—I took that ground, and
no other. I said here, when the bill was under
consideration, what I did not say there. I did
not there express a regret at its introduction, nor
did I say a word in respect to its policy. I lived
up at home to just that creed which 1 expected
gentlemen residing in other parts of the Union to
five up to—afair and full bona fide execution of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, authorizing the people in
the Territories and in the States to legislate for
themselves on the subject of slavery. I insisted
that it was fair, was reasonable, was judicious,
so far as Congress was concerned, even if they
possessed the power, to leave the matter to the
people.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of making a personal explanation,
because I believe that the country thinks of no
very great consequence what the opinion of any
individual Senator maybe; but, sir, I have not a
word to say against the propriety of those gentle-
men from northern States who voted for the
Kansas-Nebiaska bill, and are still members of
the Senate, making explanations; for there is not
one of them that has over had his election sub-
mitted to the people of a free State, who has had
a chance to make an explanation on this floor, or
will be likely to get it very soon. Hence, 1 have
not a word to say about that.
1 have but a single word to say in relation to
what has fallen from the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] Nobody entertains a
higher respect for that honorable Senator than I
do. There is no State in the Union that cher-
ishes his name with more just pnde than the
State which I have the honor in part to represent;
and there is nobody that will defend las fame,
when unjustly assailed, with more zeal or with
more generosity than the citizens of that State.
His fair fame they consider a part of their inher-
itance. But permit me to tell him, with as much
kindness as 1 entertain towards him—and cer-
tainly no man feels more—that there have been
more tems shed, than congratulations expressed,
at the course he l'elt it his duty to take upon that
bill.
I rise now, sir, to make a motion which the
Chair notified me was m order a short time since.
The PRESIDENT. When the Chair indi-
cated to the honorable Senator that the motion
was in order, he was not aware that the order of
the Senate had been partly executed—that the
copy had passed from the hands of the Secretary
to the hands of the printer.
Mr. HALE. "Whatever has been done by the
officers of the Senate cannot divest a Senator
here ot his constitutional right to make a motion
to reconsider.
The PKKS1DRNT. It is clearly within the
power of the Senator to make the motion, two
legislative days not having intervened since the
order was agreed to.
Mr.HALli. If the matter has got into such
a state that the order which we may make cannot
be carried out, it is not my fault. My motion is,
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
ordering extra copies of the President's message
and accompanying documents to be printed, and
I will now state the reasons which impel me to
make this motion. I had begun to state the rea-
sons for my proposition when it was suggested
to me by the Chair, that I was not in order at that
stage of the matter. The first reason was, that
the message, as i indicated, was irregularly sent
to the Senate, and sent to the Senate in violation
of an understanding which the President under-
stood by the resolution we had sent to him, and
by the course he had taken for four weeks. He
knew, from our action, that we were not in ses-
sion to receive messages touching our legislative
capacity; and therefore I think that the message
was iweguiarly sent, and, if I had been in my
seat, I should have voted not to receive it, for that
reason. But it has been received, and a motion
has been made to print it. That motion has
been agreed to, and I now move to reconsider
that vote, because I believe*the document should
not receive that compliment at the hands of the
Senate; it is not entitled to it; and I will state
some of my reasons for this opinion.
I have no right to assign any motive to the
President for sending the message here under the
circumstances under which he transmitted it. I
shall not do so; but, sir, there is a privilege
which appertains to the Yankee nation univer-
sally, and that is guessing. That we have the
right to resort to, and I can only guess what the
object was. I am not going to undertake to say,
that the sending of the message at the time when
it was sent, with the extraordinary doctrines
which it contains, had any possible relation to
the fact that several southern Democratic State
conventions were to sit about the 8th of Janu-
ary, and that it became important to let it be
known what were the views entertained by the
President on certain points before those conven-
tions sat. If he did have any such view as that,
I wish to say to the President, here from my
place, that ho spoke too late, altogether. He is
like a desperate politician, or a speculator of
desperate fortunes, coming in just as the auction
has closed, who makes a tremendous high bid,
but the article has been struck off to another
man before he got in. He is just as effectually
"out of the ring" as if he had held his tongue.
It is unkind of those gentlemen who are the
peculiar friends of the President to let him labor
under such a delusion any longer. There is no
more chance of his being renominated, than there
is of one of our pages receiving that honor. He
may bo told so, and lie may be flattered into be-
lieving-it, until about the time when the National
Convention sits. But I wish to suggest to his
particular friends, whether it is not unkind, seeing
that the President can make nothing by it, to
let him get down on his knees and humble him-
self, and insult his native State, by the insinua-
tions with which lus message is filled, when it
can do no liossiblc good to anybody on earth.
The thing if done; the matter is settled. He has
been used ftist as much as you want to use him,
and he \vf]\ be thrown aside. In fact, he is
thrown asftde already, though he does not know
Now, sir, I wish to say a few words in regard
to the doctrines of the message. In the first place,
the President has a great deal to say about Cen-
tral America, as if that were the engrossing
subject with the people at this time. I tell the
President that there is a central place in the Uni-
ted States—not Central America, Central United
States—called Kansas, about which the people of
this country are thinking vastly more at this time
than they are about Central America down in the
land of fillibusters;and it seems to me that the Pres-
ident of the United States would have discharged
just as appropriately his proper constitutionalfunc-
tions if he had favored us a little with that, instead
of consuming so much spaco upon Central Amer-
ica, outside of the United States. I do not wish to
enter the list with the distinguished Senators who
have spoken on this message—the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton;] the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass;] and my friend from New
York, [Mr. Seward;] because, if I were to do so,
though there would be no foundation for such a
charge in fact, public rumor would at once say
that 1 was ambitious to put myself forward as
the lieutenant of a company of gentlemen who
occupy distinguished positions before the country.
It is for this reason that I touch on Central Amer-
ica with great caution and great diffidence. Cen-
tral America, sir, is an agitating subject just at
this time, and it is seized upon by those agitators
who do not think it prudent to take hold of a sub-
ject which will really agitate the people. They
care nothing about Central America—not a straw;
the whole thing is a humbug exploded long ago.
I wish, however, to state for the benefit of the
Senate and the country, for a moment, what the
whole of this great Monroe doctrine really is.
Does the country know that it is entirely of
British origin? This doctrine,"which the Dem-
ocratic party of the present day, so called, are
going to elevate and put prominently before the
country as a great question, was a position taken
by Mr. Monroe at the suggestion of the British
Cabinet, and he did not take it until the British
Cabinet told him they would stand up to him if
he did take it. I make this statement on the
authority of the late Mr. Calhoun, formerly a
Senator on this floor from the State of South
Carolina, who made this distinct declaration on
the floor of the Senate on the 15th day of May,
1848. Gentlemen who are desirous of finding his
statement in full may find it in the nineteenth
volume of the Congressional Globe, being the
Appendix for the first session of the Thirtieth
Congress. He made some remarks on the 15th
day of May, 1848, in which he gave the origin
of the Monroe doctrine.
He said, that after the Allied Powers had over-
thrown Bonaparte, and reinstated the Bourbons
on the throne of France, England was rather an
unwilling ally. The Holy Alliance, so called,
then took it into their heads, having conquered
Bonaparte, and established the doctrines of des-
potism in the Old World, to turn their eyes to
this hemisphere, and put down public sentiment
in South America. When the Holy Alliance
took that view, England hesitated, and intimated
to Mr. Rush, who was then Minister of this
country at Great Britain, that if the United States
would take a position, and defy the Allies if they
should undertake any such measures, Great Brit-
ain would sustain our Government in it. I will
read the very words of Mr. Calhoun. He said:
" Canning was then Prune Minister, fie informed Mr.
TCush of tile projects, and gave to llim at the same time the
assurance tiiat, if sustained by the United States, Great
Britain would resist. Mr. Rush immediately communi-
cated tiiu to our Government. It was received here with
juy, for &o gieat was the power of the Alliance, that even
we did not teel ourseives safe from its interpositions. In-
deed, it was anticipated almost as a certain result, that, if
the interference took place with the Governments of South
Ameuca, the Alliance would ultimately extend its inter-
ference to ourselves. I rcmemberthe reception of the dis-
patch ft oin Mr. llush as distinctly as if alt the circumstances
had occuired yesterday."
He said, further, that the subject was submit-
ted to every member of Mr. Monroe's Cabinet,
and the result was the famous declaration of Mr.
Monroe. Afterwards, England withdrew from
the Alliance, but the attempt which was feared
was never made. I will give you the conclusion of
the matter in Mr. Calhoun's words:
" That very movement on the part of England, sustained
by this declaration, gave a blow to the celebiated Alliance
from which it never recovered. From that time forward
it gradually decayed, till it utterly peiished. The iate rev-
olutions m Europe have put an end to all its work, and
nothing remains of all that it ever did."
But, sir, in the extent to which it has been
undertaken to be pushed, it was never intended
by Mr. Monroe, and never has been sustained by
this country, and, I venture to say, never will be
Sir, I am not afraid of war with Great Britain.
I have not the slightest fear of any such thing.
My fears are the other way. My fears are that
she cannot do anything that will wake tip the
national spirit beyond a little talk and recrimina-
tion against those who are supposed not to favor
ccrtain views. Why do I think so ? Because I
know the history of the past. I know when you
made it one of the issues in this country that we
should insist on the boundary line of 540 40' or
fight: I know that when Mr. James K. Polk took
the oath of office, on the eastern portico of this Cap-
itol, he delivered an inaugural address, in which
he declared that our title to the whole of Oregon
was "clear and indisputable"—just as clear as
our title to the District of Columbia—for that is
only clear and indisputable, (there cannot be
anything clearer than that;) and I know, after
that, after it had been made an issue upon which
Mr. Polk came into the presidential chair, and
after the Democracy pledged themselves to sustain
our rights in Oregon or fight, and after it was
proclaimed, under those circumstances, from the
eastern portico of this Capitol, as our indisputable
territory, what was our next chapter? Why, sir,
we gave it all away to Great Britain—we gave
her more than she asked. We gave away Van-
couver's Island, sustaining the same relative
positions to the harbors on the Pacific coast and
the Columbia river that Cuba does to the harbors
