1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
vote; but yesterday the President of the United
States was formally arraigned, tried upon bald
assertions, found guilty, and all that was left un-
done was his final execution. To-day, I, in com-
pany with others, have been arraigned in advance
of any overt act. The honorable Senator from
Maine charged those who opposed this sacred
petition—I understood him to say, who opposed
Us printing, but he afterwards explained that he
meant those who opposed its reception—as being
followers of Lord North, and occupying the posi-
tion which he occupied towards the colonies. As
I intended to vote against it, I was compelled to
regard myself as included in that bill of indict-
ment, and I mean to plead not guilty, and defend
myself. Tho Senator from New York, in his
grand and sonorous style, with a little more en-
ergy in his manner than usual, fully indorsed it.
Well, sir, as I am to suffer and to be placed in
the condition of a tyrant by the vote which I in-
tended to give against this bogus document, I
desire, before the gentleman proceeds with his
trial of me, to know whether it is a genuine in-
strument? I confess frankly to the Senator from
New York, that his explanations to the Senator
from Kentucky have not satisfied me. The law
is, that documents presented to a deliberative
body of this sort must be signed by the party, or
some good reason must be given why it is not,
or it must be vouched for by some Senator pre-
senting the document. That is the substance of
the law, which I shall not stop to read.
This document is intended not to operate here.
It is known here, and has been from the begin-
ning, that before the Kansas bill of 1854 received
the sanction of the President, Kansas affairs were
to be managed here, with branches in Massachu-
setts and various other places—not in Kansas.
Formerly we had crocodile tears shed over tho
suffering of the negro in the South. That sorrow
has ceased for the time being; but now a great,
pitiful moan must be sent up for the oppressed
people of Kansas. Persons have been sent there
to select the mill sites and publie houses, and
have been sent out there charged with venom and
maliciousness against any neighbors whom they
might meet, by reverend hypocrites who wear the
livery of the Gospel and disgrace the sacred desks
erected for the purposes of preaching "peace
on earth and good will to men." Inflammatory
speeches are made by men thousands of miles off
to run a few foolish adventurers into the horrors
of civil war, from which they arc to receive no
benefit, but the benefit of which is to inure to
those who-utter big, swelling words at very con-
venient distances from danger.
Now, sir, as 1 am to be brought in and put
down with Lord North—a character I never ad-
mired in history—I wish to know the genuineness
of this document, and I wish to subject the hon-
orable Senator from New York to a few more
explanations. I find this in the report of our pro-
ceedings of Monday last:
" Mr. Cass. I have just had placed in my hands a me-
morial from the persons composing the self-styled Legisla-
ture of Kansas, and I have been requested to present it to
the Senate. 1 move its refeience to the Committee on
Territories.
" Mr. Butler. What is the paper?
" Mr. Cass. It is a petition from the persons composing
the self-styled Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. Seward. Which of them ?
"Mr. Cass. I said the self-styled one.
"Mr. Seward. Which.'1
Mr. Cass. The Senator understands which of them
just as well as I do. If 1 knew that the information was
necessary for him I should give it, but I know that it is
not."
There seems to be some understanding here,
which I hope will be explained.
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator will allow
me to explain it now. It is a very plain matter.
I never had any conversation with the Senator
from New York on the subject in my life, nor
did he or any human being know that I had any
petition. I was called out; the petition was put
in my hand, and I came in and presented it. All
I meant by that remark to the honorable Senator
from New York was, that ho, undertook to ask
me what I considered—to tell the truth—an im-
pertinent question; and I gave it, perhaps, an
impertinent answer. That explains the whole
matter. . , _
Mr. RUSK. I did not finish what I intended
to read.
Mr. CASS. Very well; go on with the rest.
Mr. RUSK. The report continues, as fol-
lows:
"Mr. Seward. I de«ire to know from my honorable
friend fiom Michigan whether the petition which he pre-
sents is a petition which purports to come from the Terri-
torial Legislature of Kansas, organized under the act of
Congress, as I am led to infer from the manner in which
he describes the memorial, or whether it is a petition fro/n
the provisional Legislature of the State of Kansas?"
I pass by all the candor of that.
" Mr. Cass. I will answer the honorable Senator if he
will say that he does not know; but if he will not say that,
I shall not give him any other answer than 1 have already
done."
If there had been no conversation, the Senator-
from Michigan seems to have thought that the
honorable Senator from New York knew very
well all about it.
Mr. CASS. Has the honorable Senator got
through with his quotation?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. CASS. Well, I had better answer step
by step, as he goes on. "What did I tell him the
last time?
Mr. RUSK. That, if he did not know, the
Senator would tell him.
Mr. CASS. What the Senator has just read
was only a continuation of the same thing—that
he knew perfectly well, from my description,
what the paper was as well as I did.
Mr. SEWARD. That is just what I meant.
Mr. CASS. Exactly.
Mr. RUSK. That is not what the Senator
from New York said. I am somewhat Irish in
some respects; I like a man to say what he means,
and to mean what he says. I read again from the
report:
" Mr. Sf.ward. Very well; I am not going to make any
concessions."
Mr. CASS. That was not for me.
Mr. RUSK. I am not blaming the Senator
from Michigan much, except in one thing, and
that I will take occasion, in the mildest manner
in the world, and with the best feeling, to notice.
On an exciting subject of this sort, I think he had
better not yield so much to his politeness, but
should first know from whom such documents as
these come.
Mr. CASS. I thank my friend for the advice;
but I am in favor of the right of petition.
Mr. RUSK. Then I suppose that anybody
who wants to cause a row may get up a petition,
whether he will sign it or not, have it presented,
and everybody be denounced who will not vote
to print it. I read again from the report:
C£ Mr. Cass. I move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Territories."
There was no motion to print at that time,but
it seems that it came afterwards.
" The motion was agreed to.
" Mr. Cass. I also move that the petition be printed.
" The President. That order will be made unless there
he objection."
The debate continues until the Senator from
New York, after objection had been made by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
says:
" I will not interfere with the honorable Senator from
Michigan in vindicating the motion which he has made. I
I will leave that to hnn, to whom it properly belongs."
He was no doubt anxious to have help in this
regenerating work. The Senator continues:
" I content myself with appealing to the Senate to give
us the yea-5 and nays on the motion to print the petition of
the piovnional Legislature of Kansas."
Now, if I understand it, he had said before that
he did not know what it was. I have not the
petition before me, but I remember that I exam-
ined it. It is written in a splendid hand.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to explain ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I was satisfied from the public
papers—I knew also, by information from the
member elected provisionally to the House of
Representatives, Mr. Delahay—that the^ pro-
visional constitution of the new State of Kansas
was to be confided to the care of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan. I know that as a histor-
ical fact. I knew that it had been presented to
him. I saw him in his place present it to the Sen-
ate, and heard his remarks when he offered it.
Afterwards, when I had never heaid of such a
document in this world as this petition—when .
I knew nothing in the world of it, the honorable I
Senator from Michigan rose and presented it. ■ I
was curious to know from which Legislature it
was, for I did not know when I heard him an-
nounce the paper whether it was a memorial from
one Legislature or the other. I took it for granted
thattheTerritorial Legislature wasnotpetitioning.
The Senator's reply to me, though he refused to
give an explanation, as he thought my question
was impertinent, satisfied me, and justified the
assumption which it seems he authorized me by
his reply to make; and that is, that it was a
petition, not of the Territorial Legislature, but of
the provisional Legislature. When I said that I
wanted the yeas and nays on the question, to
know who were in favor of receiving, and who in
favor of rejecting, the petition of the provisional
Legislature, I assumed, from the tenor of the
replies which I received, that this was a petition
of that character.
Mr. BUTLER. I must correct the honorable
Senator from New York. He did not call for
the yeas and nays on receiving the petition; and
yet our having refused the right of petition is
what some gentlemen have argued all the time.
The question was, " Shall the paper be printed ?"
and that is the question on which the Senator
from New York called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I stand corrected if I have
been mistaken.
Mr. RUSK. Thehonorable Senator from New
York now says that he knew nothing on earth
about it; he is perfectly innocent of all merit or
demerit in the matter; and yet he rises in his
place, and throws a denunciation at every Senator
who chooses to vote against the reference of this
paper, and we are compared with Lord North.
Sir, it is in bad taste, to say the least, thus to
assault other Senators, and impugn their motives
without ground, and to make bold assertions
without knowing whether they are true or not.
The honorable Senator said just now, as he
will scarcely deny, that the object was to appeal
to the people, not here, for he knows that this
game is too well understood here, but to circulate
his remarks broadcast over this land to mislead
the people into a violent and perhaps bloody op-
position to their own Government. He says,
that this memorial was signed on the prairies of
Kansas, attempting to create the impression that
helpless people, way out in an inhospitable cli-
mate, without protection or means of defense,
are assaulted, invaded, and in great danger and
distress, and thus rousing up some of his bold
preachers at safe distances to send more Sharpe's
rifles there. It is said that this paper is signed
by these people m Kansas. Now, I must take the
liberty of saying, that I do not believe one word
of that. I wish to treat the Senator respectfully,
but I do not believe that this paper ever saw
Kansas. I do not believe that it was ever in the
Territory at all. It is a rehash and concentra-
tion of the arguments and statements derived
from hearsay, and put down as positive, une-
quivocal facts, which have been laid before the
Senate by various Senators for weeks—nay,
months past. I have not given the paper a care-
ful reading, but I can say, that 1 see that the ar-
guments and positions taken are those which have
been maintained in the Senate. Some of them
were successfully answered here, and they are
stricken out of the petition, but not so effectu-
ally but that you can see what has been there.
All the signatures are in the same handwriting
with the body of the instrument, all evidently
the work of some copyist. The very commence-
ment of it makes me suspicious of its genuine-
ness. The passage to which I refer I will read:
"This memorial of the undersigned, senators and lep*
resentatives m the General Assembly of Kansas, le^pect-
fuily showeth."
In this there arc interlined, in a very small hand,
the words "now m session." 1 dislike to char-
acterize papers coming from any Senator, as 1
feel towards this: I dislike to express my opinion
about it; but without meaning to be offensive to
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] I must
say that I cannot avoid the belief that it is
another one of those incendiary documents, in-
tended to be circulated throughout this country
to operate politically without any regard to the
consequences which it may produce, in alienat-
ing the citizens of this country, one section from
another. Of these documents I have never seen
the equal. There is a depot in this city for
