1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.*
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
legislate elsewhere except at the permanent seat
of government. 1 do not propose to discuss this
point further, because I consider it clear. But,
inasmuch as the extra-judicial opinion of Judge
Lecompte and his associate has been pressed, into
this controversy to sustain the legislation of this
Assembly at Shawnee, I will publish with my
remarks the answer to that opinion of ex-Gov-
ernor Reeder.
But, I say that this pretended Legislative As-
sembly not only violated the organic act and the
Constitution in these enactments,but that it was
not the Legislative Assembly of Kansas; that it
usurped the powers of legislation, was a revolu-
tionary body chosen by invaders and conquer-
ors of Kansas against the will of the people. The
memorial charges this, the statement of Governor
Reeder reiterates it, and, although the statement
of the sitting Delegate puts this fact in issue, the
minority report impliedly admits it, but asserts
that this House cannot inquire into it. The
minority report avers Governor Reeder to be
estopped by his acts, and denies that any one but
a candidate at the same election, who has prima
facie a claim to a seat, may contest; but the mi-
nority admit, that on a question of constitutional
qualification of its members the House may, on
the memorial of anybody, or of its own motion, in-
quire into it. It asserts that this House cannot 1
inquire into the question of the illegality of the
election of the 30tn of March last, because every ,
legislative body judges as to the qualifications of j
its own members, and exercises therein judicial !
powers, and is a court whose judgment is final. :
This position I controvert. The House has, by '■
the Constitution, the power to judge " of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members."
The House is to judge of the elections, as well
as of the qualifications of its members. If the ;
House had no power to judge of the elections of j
its members, there might be some ground for j
the assertion, that they could not go Behind the I
fact of the election to inquire into it. But, inas- j
much as the validity of the election of the sitting j
Delegate depends upon the rightful exercise of j
<the legislative power in the Territory, by the '
Legislative Assembly, we have as much power j
to ascertain what that Assembly was, by whom j
chosen, and how it exercised its power, as we i
have to inquire into the mode and manner in
which the election of the first Monday of October j
last was conducted. The minority of that com-
mittee seem to hold the opinion, that the contest-
ant has no color of claim here, because he was
chosen at an election not authorized by a territo-
rial statute. Is not this begging the whole ques-
tion—and an implied concession of the very point
in dispute ? If, then, a statute—a legal territorial
statute was essential to this Kansas Delegate elec-
tion, why is it not as competent for this House to
inquire whether there was a body authorized to enact
the statute, as to inquire if the statute had been
enacted ? Both inquiries are necessary to enable
the House " to judge of the election. " But we
are told the House must take notice of the stat-
utes. Certainly not, when it is denied that they
are valid statutes, and it is charged, and in issue,
thaT there was no legally constituted legislative
body to enact the statutes. But we are again told
that every legislative body is the exclusive judge
of the qualifications of its own members, and that
its judgment is final.
That may be true of distinct, separate, and in-
dependent States—that the Legislature of each is
the exclusive judge of the qualifications of its own
members; but not so of a Territorial Legislature,
of limited and delegated powers, called into being
by a law of Congress.
Sir, if that Territorial Legislature was chosen
in violation of this organic act, if the election of
its members was effected by arms and not by law, !
it will not do to say that Congress cannot inquire
into it. The Constitution of the United States,
and the laws and treaties made in pursuance of it,
are the supreme law of the land, and therefore
the supreme law of every rood of that Territory.
There stands your organic act for the govern-
ment of this Territory, made in pursuance of the
Constitution, and a part of this supreme law.
That act prescribes that the election of the first
Legislative Assembly of the Territory " shall be
held at such time and places, and be conducted in
such manner, both as to persons who shall su-
perintend such election and the returns thereof, ■
as the Governor shall appoint and direct." It also
power in Congress to restrain illegal legislation
in the Territories may be exerted to restrain the
exercise of any legislative powers, or the enactment
of any territorial statutes, by an illegal Assembly
prescribes the qualification of the electors, and ;s chosen by non-resident invaders, and which has
| provides " that the right of suffrage and holding
! office shall be exercised only by citizens of the
, United States and those who shall have declared
; on oath their intention to become such, and shall
: have taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the provisions of
this act; and who actually reside within the Ter-
ritory." Now, if the electors who chose the
members of this Legislative Assembly were at
the time non-residents of the Territory, and if the
persons who superintended that election were not
the persons appointed by the Governor—as is
. charged by the memorialist—then the election
j was illegal and void, and the body of men chosen
| at that election were not the members of the
! j Legislative Assembly of Kansas, elccted by the
; free suffrage of its citizens, but a body of usurp-
, i ers chosen by the lawless act of a mob. If this
House cannot inquire into this fact, who can ?
assumed wrongfully to be the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory.
But it is further objected that the names of the in-
vaders and the number of illegal votes is not given.
In the nature of things, that would be impossible,
and that which is impossible is not required.
The memorialist might well know that these in-
vaders came and conquered Kansas, but be wholly
unable to give either their names or their numbers.
I have no reason to doubt, nor do I believe it is
doubted by any one, that the Territory of Kansaa
was, on the 30th of March last, invaded by non-
residents, and that its election then held was
controlled by the armed Intervention of these in-
vaders. That, sir, is a fact of history. If this
be so—I care not if it be never ascertained defi-
nitely what were the names of these invaders or
how many of them voted—if it be established by
proof that this election of March last was unlaw-
Under a well-regulated government of laws, there fully controlled and superintended by them, by
is no great public wrong without a remedy, and an 1 " ' ' ' -1? * "*' "—*
adequate remedy. When your law is thus tram-
plea under foot, and usurpers arrogate to them-
selves its rightful powers of legislation, it is a
mockery to say that such usurpers are the sole
and exclusive judges of their own qualifications j
and elections, and that in determining which they !
act as a court, and their judgment is final. '
Such a rule applies only to the Legislative
Assembly of an independent State. The Terri-
tory of Kansas is not an independent State, nor
is the Legislative Assembly of Kansas the sole
violence and in open disregard of the organic act,
I then we owe it to ourselves, and to the suprem-
' acy of our laws, to declare that election void and
of no effect: to let it go out to these invaders and
disturbers of the public peace that our laws are
supreme, and that they who take the sword
against them shall perish with the sword.
But it is further urged here by the minority,
that "it is not pretended in this case—it is not
even alleged"—that at the election held on the
first Monday of October last, " some one else
received a greater number of legal votes than he
legislative power of that Territory. The organic j whose seat is contested," [Mr. Whitfield;] and
act vests, as I have before said, the legislative
power in the Governor and such Legislative As-
: sembly as shall be elected by the people of the
; Territory, at an election held at the time and
j place, and superintended by the persons appointed
j by the Governor, and not in an asseifibly elected
the minority add, " if the polls, for instance in
this case, showed, as it is said, twenty-nine
hundred votes for the sitting Delegate, and it be
true, as asserted, that several hundred or even
twenty-eight hundred of them were illegal, yet he
would still have one hundred legal votes to go upon,
by the votes of non-residents and superintended by • and to hold his seat upon, unless it be shown that
a mob! And we have seen further, that the • some other person received more than one hun-
legislative power of the Territory is expressly ! dred equally legal votes." That depends wholly
j restricted to such rightful subjects of legislation as j: upon the question in issue: Was the election, hela
are consistent with the Constitution of the United : on the first Monday ofOctoberlast,alegal election,
Q ^ A 4 Lk M A am   M M AA ■ TT1. I    A1 ^ A A 1 *1  , 1 • . J I. . 1   .... 1 . ..*11 %
States and the organic act. What tribunal is to
judge of the consistency of this territorial legis-
lation with the Constitution and organic act. I
answer Congress,—otherwise there would be no
remedy. Some of our territorial acts contain the
express assertion of this power of Congress to
restrain territorial legislation by declaring that
Congress may negative territorial enactments.
This power was not vested in Congress by any
bill for the organization of a Territory, but is a
power conferred by the Constitution, and not
transferable by any act of Congress to any Ter-
ritory. If, therefore, a statute of Utah may be
avoided by a refusal of this House to approve, as
is expressly declared by our territorial law for
the organization of that Territory, in like manner
may a statute of Kansas be avoided. Why was
this power ever claimed or asserted by Congress ?
Manifestly to prevent unconstitutional and illegal
territorial enactments? If Congress may right-
fully exert this restraining power to prevent ille-
gal legislation by a Territorial Legislature, duly
chosen, why may not Congress exert the same
Eower to restrain illegal legislation by an assem-
ly of usurpers, the very election of which was
in direct violation of the supreme law of the land?
It is unquestionably a sovereign right of the peo-
ple of the United States to extend their own law
over their own Territories, and to maintain it there
i inviolate against invasion or infraction.
It may be said here that the validity of the election
of 30th of March last, for members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas, does not involve the
enactment of a territorial statute for the approval
or disapproval of Congress. Granted;but I submit
that an stection by non-residents of that Territory
of a Legislative Assembly, and the usurpation by
such Assembly, so chosen, of the territorial powers
of legislation, is an infraction of the organic law
as gross as could be any legislation which a legit-
imate Legislative Assembly of that Territory
could enact. It is clear, therefore, that the inherent
duly authorized by legally enacted territorial law?
If it was, then the one hundred legal votes out of the
twenty-nine hundred said to have been given for
the sitting Delegate, might in the supposed case
entitle him to hold his seat.
But if that act was illegal, passed by an Assem-
bly of usurpers, the very fact supposed by the
minority, that out of twenty-nine hundred votes
cast there were but one hundred given by quali-
fied voters, while there were thousands of quali-
fied citizens within the Territory who did not
vote, would argue against the election of the sit-
ting Delegate; and especially if the position of the
minority be true, that there could be no valid ter-
ritorial election of Delegate without it was author-
ized by a territorial law. And if the people of
the Territory might elect without a territorial
statute prescribing the time, places, and manner
thereof, then I submit that a vote given without
the authority of a valid statute to the sitting Del-
egate, on the first Monday of October last, of
twenty-nine hundred votes, only one hundred of
which were given by qualified voters, would not
elect him, or entitle him to hold his seat against
the claimant, (Reeder,) if, on the 9th of October
last, at another election, held in like manner,
within the Territory and without the sanction of
a valid statute, the claimant (Reeder) received all
the votes then given by the qualified voters of the
Territory, amounting to twenty-eight hundred,
" as it is said'' is shown by the polls. If there was no
valid territorial statute authorizing the election on
the first Monday of last October, and prescribing
the time, places, and manner thereof—as I have
shown there was not—then it follows that the elec-
tion of the 9th of October had as much the sanc-
tion of law as that of the first Monday of Octo-
ber; and this might as properly as that be char-
acterized "as an election held by promiscuous
gatherings of the people," without the authority
of law. In such a case—if these elections be
regarded, at all—the will of the majority of the
