862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
publishing sermons and speeches made elsewhere,
many of tliem false in fact, Billingsgate in lan-
guage, vituperative and slanderous in regard to
the people of one section of this country. They
are folded in the Senate folding-room, and sent
out broadcast throughout the land by hundreds
and thousands, the only effect of which must be
•—and 1 presume that gentlemen of intelligence
mean what they are likely to accomplish, and
what they must see they are likely to accomp-
lish—the only effect of which must be to create a
State of hostility and ill-feeling between the citi-
zens of various sections of this country, which
these brave words cannot allay when it is once
up, and when unfortunate steps of collision may
have taken place.
I believe, therefore, that this is one amongst
such documents of which the intention is to
operate politically, and regardless of the conse-
quences which every man of sense, and any
honest man must see at once must be the result;
but those engaged in circulating them should be
the individuals responsible for it. I shall vote
against the printing of all such documents. I shall
ever be found ready and willing to defend the peo-
ple of Kansas when they are oppressed. I make
no boasts of being responsible here and elsewhere;
but I will march nearer to those Sharpc's rifles in
defending oppressed people from unjust oppres-
sion than any will dare to who has used boast-
ful words here; but I cannot join in giving any
countenance to this excitement and exaggeration
here of oppression, which is intended, I candidly
believe, for the benefit of those who mean no
good, who mean no support to the Constitution
of the country further than it promises to gratify
their own selfish ends.
Mr. BUTLER addressed the Chair.
Mr. STUART I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator that I understand my colleague, who pre-
sented the petition, desires to make a statement
in respect to its genuineness, which will relieve
me and every other Senator on the question. In
other words, I understand he is not himself sat-
isfied, on subsequent conversation with the gen-
tleman who handed it to him, that it is a genuine
paper, such as it purports to be; and if not, I beg
to suggest that the sooner we come to that knowl-
edge the better.
Mr. BUTLER. Before that is done I wish to
acquit myself from something that I said before,
which may be inferred to bo applicable to the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
When I first made opposition to the printing of
this paper, I was a little surprised to see it pre-
sented by so distinguished a gentleman. Candor
and justice, and subsequent information, require
me to say that 1 believe the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan presented the paper under a
sentiment honorable to his heart—a sentiment
favorable to what has generally been regarded as
the right of petition. When he stated that he
presented it believing it to be a petition which
should be presented to the Senate of the United
States, I think he acted in good faith; but when
a voice from the other side of the Chamber cried .
out " print it, print it," we had a very different
influence from his voice. I am sorry that the '
honorable Senator from Michigan, who presented
the memorial, yielded to the voice from the other
side of the Chamber, and asked for its printing.
I ask the gentleman who did call for it in violation
of the rules.
Sir, the memorial has come to us through an
innocent, and I believe an honorable channel;
but, when it is branded with fraud and forgery,
I yet find advocates for it. I find that those who
knew nothing about it when its deformity was
not disclosed, are willing now to stand by the
bantling, and nurse and maintain it. Yes, sir; I
find men bold enough to stand here in the face of
the Senate, and in violation of the rules of tins
body, to sustain a paper which lias reached the
Senate through fraud, which has stamped upon it
every mark of t'orgvry.
I did not,thinmorriing,until I heard the charge
repeated, advert to the fact that what was said by
the Senators from Mew York and Maine, might
be intended to be an odious imputation on myself,
as tne person who opposed the printing of this
petition. I am not afraid, however, of tlie name
of Lord North. Upon the whole, after having
obtained a full \iew of Lord North's character, I j
am of the opinion that he was rather an agreeable
old gentleman, a man of wit and of talent, who
was opposed to the American war, one of the
few in England who were, and as it turns out in
the developments of history, Lord North said he
was one of the few of that day who opposed their
king in carrying on the war against the American
colonies.
Mr. CASS. And he wished to resign.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, Lord North was an honest
man and he held to his duty; but Lord North's
reputation has been alluded to in a light in which
I am to be confounded with him, and I have no
doubt it will go out, that the Senator from the
aristocratic State of South Carolina—for that is
the common way of speaking of my State—it
will go out through all the Democracy that a Sena-
tor from the aristocratic state of South Carolina,
opposed the right of petition, and he is the Lord
North of the Senate. [Laughter.] This is the
way m which the story will be circulated, and
willing minds and hands will be found to circu-
late it.
Sir, how did the petitions from the colonies
get to Lord North and to the King of England?
They passed through the hands of Benjamin
Franklin, a name synonymous with honesty,
wisdom, and truth. Prom whom did they
emanate ? They emanated in open assemblies of
the people, where their rights were discussed.
They went through the purest channels—channels
that have been made illustrations in history by
those who poured out through them waters
upon this continent, whose fructifying influence
has given rise to a constitution that is likely to
be pulled down by the profane hands of those
who never understood_ it. Now, what is the
source from which this memorial comes here ?
How did it get here? By fraud, by misrepre-
sentation. Who stand by it? Men who com-
pare themselves, of course, to Benjamin Franklin!
Of course those who sustain it are the Franklins
and the Shermans and the Otises and the Han-
cocks, and the Henrys. I do not know which
of the gentlemen are to take these respective
characters; but I suppose they will distribute
them among them. One thing I do know: that a
petition has reached this body through fraud and
imposition, and there are those who arc willing
to call for the yeas and nays, to maintain the
right of those who send it here. There are
persons standing around nursing this feeling.
Mr. President, I saw, some days since, amost
atrocious sentiment in an American newspaper,
and I trust that God will forgive me for the feel-
ings which it kindled in my bosom at the mo-
ment when I saw it. Let not Senators underrate
the newspaper press; it is a powerful engine; but,
in the paper to which I allude, it was said, sub-
stantially, " let the war between Great Britain and
Ameucacome; it will have its fruits. The south-
ern States cannot take part in it; they will be
obliged to stay at home to guard themselves from
their insurrectionary slaves; and these slaves can
be reduced by discipline and order to fifty thou-
sand fighting men. They can put down their
ten thousand effeminate masters; and they will
put them down, and the result will be that peace
will be made or something will be done to secure
the emancipation of this class of people." Yes,
sir, that atrocity has been uttered in the United
States, ill a portion of the United States profess-
ing to abide by the Constitution of a common
Confederacy, that fifty thousand slaves could
be put under arms to cut the throats of their
masters, and it would be looked on with compla-
cency 1 Sir, compare the way in which the peti-
tioners of these colonies went to Lord North,
with those coming through the channels which
these have come! We are reduced to a pretty
pass, 1 think, in that point of view.
Sir, I have said nothing about union or dis-
union. I have endeavored to avoid anything of1
that sort. Self-respect has been the influence i
that has controlled me more than anything else, j
If we are to have a separation of this Union, I I
do not wish it to be conducted through blood and |
anarchy. 1 do not say that we may not survive ;
the present Union and form confederacies of !
States on peaceful terms. But. sir, 1 do not in-jj
tend that any_man occupying a seat on this floor
shall make his speeches the vehicle of abuse on
my^State, as one of the Confederacy, while he
professes to be in the Union of the States, and
utter that which he dare not do if he were out of
the Union; or, if any State dared do it, they must
do it with the sword in their hands, and try the
question of who had the soldiers. God knows,
I do not look to it as a desirable result; I depre-
cate it. I am not one who would go into the
temple with the torch in my hand, and laugh and
smile and be perfectly delighted as long as I think
myself safe, and can get out of it without danger.
Sir, the altar which our forefathers erected had
sacred fires, and they were like the fires of Vesta,
as well as I can understand that goddess. None
dared put their hands to them but the pure. They
burnt the impious and the infamous. They are
the fires which will always give light, animate,
and sustain me in my duties. In the speech,
which was made yesterday, by the honorable gen-
tleman from New York, he denounced slavery as
an "out-law"—an institution which subsisted
at the very time when his State came into the
Union, an out-law! Is that language to be used
by one representing a confederated State, against
another ? What authority has he to use language
of that kind ? Sir, when language is used in that
way, it is to feed the fires of incendiaries, and
those fires can burn upon the pulpit, and a rev-
erend preacher can play upon the word, when a
man by the name of Killam, presents a Sharpe's
rifle on the Sabbath day. Sir, I believe at the hour
of twilight on the Sabbath day, when every sacred
influence should have been exerted -upon the
human mind, a clergyman—I do not know that
anything has shocked me so much—with the robes
of office on him, played on the word Killam,
when a man of that name subscribed for a
Sharpe's rifle. " Sir," said he, " that is a signi-
ficant word, Killam." What was the preacher's
name ?
Several Senators. Beecher.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe that is it.
Mr. MASON. A priest.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, he is a priest; but,
of course, he does not worship as Christ wor-
shiped. If Christ were to come on the earth to-
morrow, with the purity of his precepts and exam-
ple, I venture to say that class of preachers and
their pure representatives would banish him from
the Confederacy ! They would expel him out of
the temple, as he put out the changers of money
and the sellers of doves; and those who are the
changers of money come here and assume to have
the purity of doves, with peace on their lips, but
. torches in their hands. Mr. President, the scene
to which I have referred—passing on the Sabbath
day in one of the churches of New Haven—is
full of melancholy associations; and I now re-
peat, sir, what I have heretofore alluded to, in
reference to the benign influence of twilight, that
the setting sun should not have gone down in
anger on professors of the Gospel; ay, sir, I
might better have said, that Sou which has risen
to set no more, should have taught the blood-
seekers to have wished for "peace on earth and
good will to all men."
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am much obliged
to the Senator from South Carolina for the ex-
pression of his favorable view with respect to my
course in this matter. His high sense of honor
always renders his opinion important in any
matter in which I am concerned. I presented
the petition in the discharge of what I consider a
public duty, and have always so considered; bu
hearing doubts thrown on its authenticity, I re-
garded it as proper to satisfy myself on the sub-
ject. Within a few minutes I have had an inter-
view with the gentleman who presented me with
the petition, and I am bound to say to the Senate,
i that I am not satisfied that this paper is one
which ought to be acted on by the Senate. This
is all that is necessary forme to say. I shall vote
tor the resolution of "the Senator fiom Virginia.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as the disclosure
which has just been made by the Senator from
Michigan places the question in an entirely new
aspect, 1 shall, before 1 sit down, move that the
Senate adjourn without taking the question; but
I desire to say a few words in answer to the sug-
gestions which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina has made. He says this instrument
comes here and is proved to be a forged instru-
ment, and still there are men who stand up in
this body to sustain it. I think, in saying this,
he does injustice to any one who has appeared
here in defense of the memorial.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say it was proved
