126
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. or Rkps.
qualified voters who voted at each should govern.
And I submit that the election of the memorialist,
(Reeder,) on the 9th of Octoberlast, by the peace-
able act of all the qualified voters of the Territory,
is entitled to as much consideration in this House.
as the election of the sitting Delegate on the first
Monday, by the votes of only some of the quali-
fied voters, and of hundreds of the invaders, of that
Territory. . . ,
We do not sit here to sanction the violent ana
• unlawful act of marauders. Let it not be forgot-
. ten, that it is a fact confessed here, that several
hundred persons, non-residents of the Territory
of Kansas, did vote illegally for the sitting^Dele-
gate at the election held on the first Monday in
October. Whether the election held by the peo-
ple of Kansas on the 9th of October last was
illegal for want of a tectorial statute, of which,
by unlawful invasion, they were deprived, as
also of the privilege to choose a Legislative Assem-
bly for its enactment—or whether this House can
or should sanction the selection made on that
day, by that conquered people, of the claimant
(Reeder,) as their delegate and agent to represent
them here, I will not now inquire—as these ques-
tions do not arise upon the report now before the
House. The report avers the fact, that the legis-
lative rights of the Territory have been usurped,
in defiance' of the people and in violation of the
law; that these usurpers have unlawfully legis- t
lated; and that because of this usurpation their
legislation is void, as well as because it is not
consistent with the organic act or the Constitution.
The minority say you cannot inquire into this.
If we can, then it seems to be admitted that we
should.
I have given my reasons for holding we have
the power to make this investigation. I only
add, upon this point, that even where a sovereign
State has chosen to legislate and enact, in a formal
manner, that an election made by a previous As-
sembly was void, and has, acting upon such
legislation, chosen a United States Senator, that
election, as well as the statute of the State, has ^ tjon js'to ^ determined, the consequences of pronouncing
been declared inoperative and void by the U nitea the act invalid are not considerations which should legiti-
States Senate, in the exercise of the power " to mately control the decision. The act is either constitu-
auestion of the power of the Senate in the prem-
ises is discussed with signal ability. The majority
in their report had said:
"It is a general principle of national law applicable to
all distinct aniindepetident Governments, that if there arise
anv disputes in a State on the fundamental laws and admin-
istration, or on the prerogatives of the different powers ol
which it is composed, it is the business of the State alone
to judge and determine them in conformity to its political
constitution."
Upon this Mr. Wright remarked:
" These principles may be perfectly sound when applied
to nations wholly disconnected with, and independent of,
each other, but the undersigned respectfully submits that
they cannot be applicable to Governments related to, ;ind
connected with, each other, as are the governments ot the
States of this Confederacy and the Federal Government,
of which the States are component parts, and especially
when the question is the proper representation of the blate
in that branch of the Federal Legislature where its sov-
ereignty is represented in the particular manner pointed out
by the Federal Constitution. Upon such a question, that in-
strument,-and not the general principles of international
law, must govern the decision. We have already seen that
the Constitution makes it the duty of the Senate to judge
of the ' elections' of its members. Another provision ot that
instrument says,' the Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof; and the question now directly pre-
sented is, was .Mr. Robbins chosen by the Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island ?
" It would seem to the undersigned, with all deference to
the opinion expressed by the majority of the committee,
that the Senate cannot judge of the election of that individual
unless it look into and decide this question ; and that to
determine this to be an unauthorized interference on the
part of the Federal Government in the domestic affairs of
the government of the State of Rhode Island would be to
determine that the Senate cannot, in the most important
point always involved, judge of the elections of its own
members ; that it cannot judge, whether or not they were
chosen by the Legislatures of the States, when the Con-
stitution expressly requires that they should be so chosen.
And he adds:
" He cannot but consider it a plain proposition, and not
requiring argument to support it, that when the constitutional
organization of a body of men claiming to be the Legislature
of a State, is the question in issue, the aets of the body
whose constitutional powers are disputed are not to be ad-
duced as evidence of the constitutional power of the body to
perform them.
" Equally clear is it to his mind, that when such a ques-
judge of the qualification, election, ana returns of
its members.- I allude to the case of Potter vs.
Robbins, reported in the Cases of Contested Elec-
tions, p. 876. ' The facts were these: On the 19th
of January, 1833, the General Assembly of the
State of Rhode Island, elected Asher Robbins
Senator in Congress for six years, from the 4th
of March following. At the October session,
"a. D. 1833, the General Assembly of that State
enacted a statute which, after reciting said elec-
tion of Robbins, declared "that the said election
be, and the same is hereby, declared to be null and
void, and of no effect." And at the same session,
the said Legislature elected hotter a Senator from
said State, in Congress, for six years, commencing
on the 4th of March, 1833, and he received a cer-
tificate tinder the great seal of the State. On the
motion to admit Robbins to his seat, Mr. Kane
said: "Should tHe Senate be so kind to Rhode
Island as to take the appointment of Senator out
of her hands, and to say that, when she declared
the first election (Robbins) null and void, she had
made a false declaration? This was a point in-
volving the sovereignty of the States.'' The Sen-
ate", in the exercise of its constitutional power
to inquire into the election of its members, went
behind the statute of Rhode Island declaring the
election of Robbins void, and decided that the
statute had no effect, that it was unconstitutional,
and that Robbins was entitled to his seat; and he
was accordingly confirmed by the Senate.
If, in the exercise of its powers, the Senate
could go back of this statute, and find that, under
the Constitution of the United States, the Legis-
lature of Rhode Island had no authority to pass
this statute, why might not that Senate, if the
organization of that State Legislature had been in
any manner controlled by the Constitution or
laws of the United States, have inquired into that
also, npon the question of the validity of its elec-
tion of a Senator? Although the majority of the
committee in that case did not go this length, I
find a report in the case submitted by that emi-
nent ana deeply-lamented man, the Hon. Silas
Wright, Jr.rlate of New York, wherein the entire
tional'or unconstitutional. If constitutional, the dispute
is settled ; if unconstitutional, no consequences to follow
from a pronunciation of the fact can make it valid. So
with the body claiming to be the Legislature of the State.
If the Legislature of the State, according to the provisions
of the Constitution, the controversy is at an end ; if not
the Legislature of the State, no acts of theirs in their as-
sumed character, and no consequences to follow from the
invalidity of those acts, can give them the powers which
they had not when the acts were performed, or make them
what they were not—the legislation of the State."
I have now concluded, Mr. Speaker, all that I
desire to say upon the questions arising in the
" case made" by the statement of facts reported
by the committee. These questions, I repeat, are:
1. Was the Assembly which enacted the elec-
tion statute in the Territory of Kansas, under
which the sitting Delegate was chosen, the legally
elected Legislative Assembly of Kansas?
2. Is this election statute by that body enacted
void—
Because it does not prescribe with the requisite
certainty the places of the elections ?
Because it extends to Indians the elective fran-
chise contrary to the provisions of the organic
act?
Because that body legislated, temporarily at a
place other than that prescribed by the organic
act for the temporary seat of government?
3. Was the sitting Delegate [Mr. Whitfield]
chosen by the people of the Territory, or by
non-resident invaders ?—at what places was that
election held; and by whom or by what law were
those places prescribed ?—were the places pre-
scribed by the body assuming to be the Legisla-
ture, or by the county commissioners, or by the
county sheriffs ?
As to the mode of proof in this case I contend
that the only practicable method is by compelling
the attendance of witnesses here; becaup by the
admission of the sitting Delegate there has been
and is lawless violence in the Territory, and, by
the information communicated through the Pres-
ident, it seems that the law is silent there amid the
conflicts of passion and brute force. The laws
being of no force within the Territory, it must
b.e apparent that a commission could not be suc-
cessfully executed there. To refuse, therefoie, to
send for persons and papers, and to transfer this
investigation from the committee of the House
to a commission to sit in Kansas, would be, in
my judgment, a refusal to inquire into the case.
The very attempt to investigate this matter there
will beget new acts of violence. To grant the
power asked to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses can do no harm, and after a fair trial, if
it fail, it will then be time enough to consider the
doubtful expedient of a commission.
Touching the expense, of which something has
been said, in my opinion there will not be much
difference between the two methods. But that
consideration ought not to have weight in a mat-
ter of such significant import. Vigilance, lmesti-
gation, inquiry, at whatever cost, is the cheapest
defense of nations; and this investigation, at
any expense, will be a wise economy, if thereby
the violated law of our common country shall be
vindicated and those guilty of its infraction sig-
nally rebuked.
There, sir, in that remote Territory, our law
is broken and our people conquered. Shall we
not inquire who has dared thus to trifle with the
rights of the people ? or shall we shut our eyes to
the fact, and talk of popular sovereignty, while
the sovereignty of the law is set at nought?
If we allow this act of treason to go unques-
tioned, we do in some sort sanction it, and invite
a repetition of it. Now that feud, and strife, and
the noise of words are heard within our borders,
it should be the care of this House to fail of no
duty essential to the maintenance of the Consti-
tution and the laws, so that those who wantonly
violate their supremacy shall take nothing by the
treason.
That distant Territory rolling away to the
setting sun is a part of our national heritage.
We have undertaken to extend over it the shield
of the Constitution, and to secure to those of our
people who are filling "its solitary places" the
sacred right of self-government, guarded and
sheltered by American law. This right, sir, has
been ruthlessly stricken down, and the majesty
of the national law defied. Shall this wrong be
redressed—shall that right be maintained ?
Review of the Opinion of Chief Justice Lecompte, upon the
Validity of the Laws passed by the Kansas Legislature,
while sitting at the Shawnee Mission.
The prefatory apology for the opinion ufider review I
shall pass over in silence, leaving every man to judge for
himself, without any remark from me, of the propriety of
an unauthorized and extra-judicial opinion upon the official
act of a coordinate branch of the Government, and shall
proceed to examine at once the arguments it contains.
These arguments are so inconclusive, and the illustrations
so inapplicable, making the refutation so easy to any man
who will carefully read it, that I should have spared this
labor, had it not been for the high official position of its au-
thor, the important subject on which it treats, and the reli-
ance which is placed upon it by the body to whom it ia
addressed. The first step in the process of review will be
to extract from the mass of the opinion the positions it as-
sumes and the reasons in support of them, and to set them
forth in distinct and concise shap9. They are as follows :
1. That the Legislature is not bound to act exclusively at
the seat of government.
Reasons.—Because Congress, in 1777, adjourned to Lan-
caster to escape being captured by the British army; be-
cause some of the State constitutions allow their Legisla-
tures to sit at other places; and, because it is a matter of
too trifling consequence to inquire, in respect to the validity
of a law, whether the Legislature perform their functions
at the seat of government or not.
This proposition and its reasons have carried us into the
sixth page of the opinion, but are fully and fairly stated in
the preceding synopsis, and are so easily answered that they
almost answer themselves. When Congress removed to
Lancaster, they in fact changed the seat op govern-
ment to that place, because they alone had the power to
fix the place of government. The Provincial Congress,
which first assembled in Philadelphia i n September, 1774,
representing at that time eleven colonies, and who met
again in May, 1775, and again in 1776 and 1777, had no
higher power than themselves to fix a seat of government.
They met where they pleased, and removed when and
where they pleased, without violating any law, for there
was none upon that subject to violate. At whatever place
they exercised the functions of government was for the
time being the place or seat of government. The very re-
moval to a new place, by a law of their own, made that
place the seat of government, because the seat of govern-
ment was dependent alone upon their presence and thai?
law. This power was recognized and pursued by Cor,
gress in the Articles ofConfederation between the Provinces,
adopted in November, 1777, in the ninth article and seventh
section of which we find the following language : " Con-
gress shall have power to adjourn to any time within the
year, and to any place within the United States," &c.,
&c.
