1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
to be a forgery; but I said that it was denounced
and appeared to be a forgery, and had come here
by fraud. That cannot be denied.
Mr. HALE. TheSenatorput it pretty strong-
ly. He never puts anything very weak. What-
ever comes from him comes strongly. [Laughter.]
The insinuation, I think, was very strong that
this was a forged paper, and still there were
gentlemen here who stood ready to uphold it.
Now, sir, however much I may be wedded to a
peculiar set of opinions, however ardently 1 may
desire that the measure which I advocate shall
prosper, I think I know myself well enough to
say that I am not willing to take any advantage
by injustice, fraud, or deception of any kind; and
if it shall turn out that there has been impo-
sition practiced on the Senate, there will be no
Senator more ready to disavow or disclaim any
advantage to be taken directly or indirectly from
it than myself.
But, sir, I rovse principally to say that when
the honorable Senator from Louisiana spoke on
this subject, he will excuse me if I say that he
presented an unfair view of this case, because I
do not think the representation which he made is
one which the case actually presents. He said
that these gentlemen were in open rebellion against
the United States and had sought contributions
of Sharpe's rifles to enable them to carry on war
against the constituted authorities of the United
States; and he alluded to an honorable, and ven-
erable, and aged man in the State of Connecticut,
whose name is familiar to the lovers of scicnco
in this country and the world over, as one who
lent his name to such a purpose. It is not my
fortune to have a very intimate acquaintance with
the gentleman sentas a Senator from Kansas; but
he has done me the honor to make my acquaint-
ance, and I have had some conversation with him
on their views and on that act; and I know, so
far as he is the exponent of the views that were
entertained there, and of the gentlemen who were
at that meeting, that they entertained no such
purpose, and that it is altogether a misapprehen-
sion on the part of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana when he represents them as seeking
and soliciting arms for any such purpose.
When 1 heard his eloquent tones portraying
such a picture as that, and holding it up to the
country as calling for the condemnation of the
people upon it, I felt constrained to regret that
powers such as his had beeivused at the close of
the debate to give such a view of this question,
because, he will excuse me for saying, he does us
infinite injustice. There is not a man, so far as
I know anything about those associated with this
movement, or whos<? sympathies are with the
movement, who would not revolt with as much
horror as the honorable Senator does from any
such thing. The complaint of these men is, that
the Government, instead of protecting them, has
withdrawn protection, and left them to the tender
mercies and to the cruelties of those who would
overrun them, and crush them down. Because the
Government has been thus wanting; because that
shield of protection which should be extended by
this Government to every citizen in Kansas and
everywhere else haa been broken down; because
that voice of protection which the President of
the United States, when he first assumed the oath
of office, proclaimed should be potential over the
civilized earth to protect every citizen entitled to
the protection of this Government, has been utter-
ly withdrawn; and, because the Government has
entirely failed to protect these men, they have
been driven to the great right which God and
nature confer on every human being—ay, sir,
upon every living being, to defend itself when all
other means of defense fail.
This is the position which these gentlemen
occupy, and it is the position which their friends
justify and defend. They have not taken rifles
with them to make war; the)'' have not gone
there, and their friends here who sustain them,
they do not countenance them in any such posi-
tion as that; but they have gone there under the
protection of lew, under the invitation of law, by
the invitation of this Congress and Government;
they have gone there to settle your lands under
the promise of protection; and when they went
there they found that promise to be a lie—they
found that defens^utterly fail them, and, so fail-
ing them, they have been compelled, against their
wishes, against iheir desires, contrary to their
purposes, counter to their intentions, to fall back
on that law of self-defense which is the right, not
only of every civilized and of every savage being,
but of every animal of God, to defend itself.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana will excuse me when I say that I felt grieved,
more grieved than I have at any portion of this
debate, when I saw that powers of eloquence
such as his, under a misapprehension and mis-
conception of what seems to me to be the right
view of this case, portrayed these people in a
position exactly antagonistic to that which they
occupy. It is for this reason that I desired to
say a single word to utter my feeble protest
against the picture which he drew going out to
the country as the truth of the facts In this case.
Now, sir, as the hour at which we ordinarily ad-
journ has long since passed, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope not; let us dispose of
this question.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, one, two,
three, four honorable Senators, in the course of
this incidental debate on a very incidental ques-
tion, have thought necessary to assail me.
Mr. BUTLER. You do not mind it.
Mr. SEWARD. They have thought lit to
assail me under circumstances which seem to re-
quire some notice out of respect to them, and not
because I mind it at all, as the honorable Senator
from South Carolina supposes. I must say, in
regard to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that he has done me all the justice which T had
a right to demand—tliat which belonged to his
generous nature. I give my right hand to him
in pledge of a continuance of friendship and fel-
lowship which has lasted a quarter of a century.
With regard to my honorable friend from
Louisiana, I beg to remind him that, if there is
anything offensive in drawing a parallel, as the
honorable Senator from Maine did between the
rejection of the petition of the people of Kansas
and the rejection of the petition of the American
colonies, there is something quite as severe and
quite as intolerable to the people of Kansas in the
language which he uses in denouncing them.
What does he'toll us ? He tells us that these are
the creatures—that the people of Kansas are our
creatures, rising above us their creators. Sir,
this will be news to the people of the United
States, who have supposed that the people of
Kansas were <£ perfectly free" in the enjoyment
of popular sovereignty.
With regard to the honorable Senator from
Texas, and the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, they both will understand why I can-
not further reply to them, and why I cannot be
moved very much or very deeply by the censures
which they have bestowed on me, seeking to con-
vict me of participation in a fraud which they said
they were at the time in process of showing,
when they had the testimony of the honoiable
Senator from Michigan that I was entirely inno-
cent of any more knowledge of the subject than
they had themselves. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina never will be able to draw
from me any exhibition of sensibility when he so
far mistakes me as to present me to the Senate of
the United States and the country as a money
changer. That is a character quite foreign from
him, and quite as foreign from me.
The honoiable Senator from Texas rises into
a virtuous indignation on this subject, becausc
he thinks this is becoming, or will become, a
political question. Sir, if it is a political ques-
tion, is it any more or differently a political ques-
tion now than it was on the mglitwhen the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was passed, and when, at two
or three o'clock in the morning, one hundred
guns by concert were fired from the terrace ol the
Capitol to announce to the sleeping population of
this-capital that great political triumph? If poli-
tics are not to be made out of it—if it was not a
political question—how happens it that the Presi-
dent of the United States and his friends intro-
duced and opened this debate in the very begin-
ning of our session? Have they a peculiar and
exclusive right to use, for political purposes, ques-
tions which are discussed at the Federal Capitol r
and must all others be silent and submit to their
decisions without complaint, without remon-
strance, without argument to the contrary ? This
is ail I have to answer to those gentlemen. They
speak of their courage. Sir, I never boast of
mine.
Mr. BUTLER. The honorable Senator never
heard me say a word about courage.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, sir, I take it back.
Mr. BUTLER. I never said a word about it.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know that the Sen-
ator did. The honorable Senator from Texas,
however, did mention it. The honorable Senator
from Texas is a brave man. I know he is- an
honorable man. I know he is a lover of freedom;
and he cannot, by any injustice that he may tem-
porarily do me, prevent me from making that
acknowledgment and concession. When, how-
ever, it becomes necessary for me to resort to the
exhibition of courage, it will be time enough to
taunt me with the want of it.
Mr. President, I rose, not because I wished to
say these things, but because, at this late hour
of the day, it is customarily expected that, when
so many gentlemen call on one so quiet, so unas-
suming, and so unobtrusive as I have been in this
debate, I shall at least pay some respect and con-
sideration to the remarks coming from them.
The statement of the honorable Senator from
Michigan in regard to this petition has been
heard, and the Senate are now aware of all my
knowledge previous to what I possessed at the
time when that honorable Senator made his state-
ment. What I have further to say in regard to
the subject is, that assuming that a paper pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Michigan
was genuine and authentic, learning its character
from his description of it, and in no other way,
seeing it published in the New York newspapers
of last night, seeing that it purported to contain
the signatures of the members of the Legislature
of Kansas, and knowing,as 1 was informed, that
it was presented to the honorable Senator from
Michigan, as he before stated himself, by a gen-
tleman from the State of Kansas, I assumed that
the paper was what it purported to be. I have
since that time seen the honorable gentleman who
presented the paper to the honorable Senator
from Michigan. It is possible that, when that
gentleman was in the Congress of 1854, 1 had the
honor of his acquaintance, but, if that be so, I do
not remember the fact. I have seen him here in
the Senate Chamber on this occasion for the first
time, to my knowledge, that I have ever seen him
in my life. lie tells me, and authorizes me to
say, and requests me to say to the Senate, as I do
in his behalf, that before he left the State of
Kansas he saw this paper, the same paper—he
does not say that it is the identical paper in chiro-
graphy—but he saw the memorial of which this
is the substance and the text, signed by all the
members of the provisional Legislature of Kan-
sas, and that this is a true copy of that paper, as
he had before stated to the honorable Senator from
Michigan, and I suppose the original is within his
reach and available. This is in no substantial
respcct different. That honorable gentleman is
Mr. Lane, formerly from your own State, Mr.
President, Indiana, a member of the Congress of
1854, who voted for the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska law, and has been chosen by the pro-
visional Legislature of Kansas a Senator to rep-
resent that State in the Congress of the United
i States, if she shall be admitted into the Union,
j This statement is due to him; and this statement, I
! may say, is all that I need say in justice to myself.
! Sir. 'MASON. I think, Mr. President, this
; debate will not be without its advantage to the
| country. We. are beginning now to get at the
i truth of this matter slowly, but it would seem
! securely. Where do we stand? A paper haa
- been presented here, palmed upon the Senator
! from Michigan, purporting to be a memorial
| from certain persons in Kansas who claim to be
j the Senators and Representatives of the State of
' Kansas. It is questioned; its authenticity is
[ doubted; it is denounced as a forgery and a fraud.
We learn jiow that it reached the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan at the hand of one who is
sent here as a Senator from Kansas. We learn,
frorn the Senator from New York, that that
paper, thus denounced on this floor as a forgery,
and fraudulently done, came to the hands of the
Senator from Michigan by one of those men who
is sent here as a Senator for the pseudo State of
Kansas; and yet there is no man whom I have
heard who undertakes to vindicate him. Xhere
is no gentUman who stands on this floor and
