1856.
The congressional globe.
mm
one thousand copies, and make it twenty thousand
copies, for the use of the House—making it an
even number.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the gentleman to modi-
fy his amendment by providing for printing the
proportional number of copies for one hundred and
twenty-three members of the House—the mem-
bers from the northern States. There is a large
portion of the members of the House from the
other section of the Union who do not want these
books. By such a proposition you will save a
large sum of money to the Government.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man that I have the floor now to make this mo-
tion to amend upon a distinct agreement with the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cragin]
that I would renew the previous question.
I have further to say, that inasmuch as the
amendment indicated by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would be an imputation upon the motives
of gentlemen who are voting for this printing, I
will not make it as a matter of courtesy to him,
or otherwise.
• Mr. HOUSTON. What does the gentleman
propose to do with the one thousand copies which
were intended for the committee? The resolution
provides for the printing of twenty thousand
Copies—one thousand for the use of the commit-
tee, and nineteen thousand for the use of the
members of the House. The gentleman proposes
to strike out the words, " one thousand for the
use of the committee." What, then, will be-
come of those one thousand copies?
Mr. NICHOLS. My motion was made to
meet objections urged upon this side of the
House. I consulted my colleague, who offered
the resolution, and the view he had, and the view
I had, when he consented to allow me to make the
motion, was simply that it would reduce the
number one thousand.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that, before he demands the previous
question, he should move to strike out the words,
"and nineteen thousand," &c.; and leave the
resolution so that it will provide for twenty thou-
sand copies.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do notwant to be captious
about this matter. I acted upon an understand-
ing with my colleague; butl suppose, nowthat I
have the floor, I can withdraw the amendment I
have moved and put it in shape.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move, then, to amend the
resolution, so that it will read as follows:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies extra, of tlie
majority and mmoi ity reports of said committee, together
with the journal of said committee, and the evidence taken
by them, be printed for the use of the members of this
House.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I call for the read-
ing of the resolution which referred this subject
to the Committee on Printing, and which is re-
ferred to in the report of the committee now under
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The subject was referred to
the Committee on Printing upon a motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that extra
copies be printed.
Mr. SMITH. Let it be read.
The SPEAKER. There was no written reso-
lution, but simply a motion to printextracopies;
which was referred, under the rules, to the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio an amendment to the second resolu-
tion; and (hat is, that it shall provide that the
majority and minority reports of which it pro-
poses to print one hundred thousand copies, shall
be printed and bound together. As the resolution
now standsj it might be liable to a different con-
struction.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would say that it is not in
my power, at this stage of the proceedings, to
make any further modification than that which I
have made.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman can move
to amend so that the House may take a vote upon
it.
The SPEAKER. The majority and minority
reports will be printed together, if the House pass
the resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS. I call for the previous ques- ;
tion. i
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
previous question will not be ordered until it is I
provided that the two reports be printed
rately, as they ought to be.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to amend the resolution but as it stands the re-
ports will be printed together.
Mr. HAVEN. With the previous question
ordered, can we have a separate vote upon the
resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are divisi-
ble in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I ask that they be di-
vided, and I am ready to vote now. I am desirous
to have the twenty thousand copies printed, but
am opposed to the other proposition.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being upon Mr. Nichols's
amendment to the first resolution, it was put, and
the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the first
resolution as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (at thirty minutes past
three o'clock, p. m.) 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw that mo-
tion, and I will move that the House do now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking a
recess, and having an evening session for debate
under the resolution adopted this morning.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Pending the
previous question, that motion is not m order.
Mr. JONES. The motion to adjourn is in
order; and gentlemen might as welfagree to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and have a recess.
The SPEAKER. The question can be put
only by general consent. Is objection made to
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee ?
Several Members. There is.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me present a point.
There are several gentlemen who desire to speak
this evening, and I want to be accommodating. I
propose to call the attention of the Chair to the
resolution adopted this morning, providing for
evening sessions.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) I do
not yield the floor. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to withdraw that motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman will
see at once, under the decision of the Chair, that
I cannot yield the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution provides
expressly that it will be in order to move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union after three o'clock. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the res- j
olution be read. i
The resolution was read, as follows: j
Raoh cd, Tlnit during the present week, tile Committee ;
of the Whole on tile state of tile Union may, at any tune I
after three o'clock, p. m.,take aiecess until eleven o'clock, !
p. m., for the purpose of holding ail evening session . Pio-
vided, That dmms; fcuch evening *c->ion, no motion, except
that the committee rise, shall be entertained by the Chair-
man—the purpo.se of the lesolution being to provide such
evening tension for general debate only, and that there oluili
lie no call of the roll at such evening session.,f
Mr. JONES. That contemplates that the mo- j
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union may be made any time after j
three o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- J
nessee will understand that that gives the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union a ;
power, but does not change the rules or practice j
of the House. The Chair will state the question, ;
if there be no objection. j
Mr. JONES. Then wo cannot go into the Com- i
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, [
and cannot carry the resolution into etleot, 1
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand the Chair
to decide that the motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union is not ad-
missible, the House having ordered the main ques-
tion to be now put. Therefore, I do not yield,
because it is of no use. Consequently, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think the House
ought to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union with a view of having an
evening session. If the gontleman from Kentucky
will withdraw the motion to adjourn, and there be
obj ection to goi ng i n to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I will move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered. 1 ask the gentleman from Kentucky to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do not withdraw it,
because of the Speaker's decision. If the Speaker's
decision were otherwise, I would withdraw.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides in accord-
ance with the rules of the House. The resolu-
tionadopted thismorning by general consent gives
power to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but gives no power to the Chair to
change the rules of the House; and under the
rules of the House, the steady, uniform, and
unvarying practice has been, that when the main
question has been ordered a motion to go into
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union
is not in order.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 ask leave to submit the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Messrs. DODD and LEITER objected.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (at three o'clock and
thirty-five minutes, p. m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I ask to make a correc-
tion in the report of the proceedings of yesterday
Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. STANTON. Is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will be entertained, unless
objection be made.
Mr. STANTON. Then I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment to the first res-
olution was agreed to.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. On that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my motion
to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I renew it.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask how the gen-
tleman from Tennessee voted?
The SPEAKER. There was no division.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call for the yeasand
nays on tlie motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only four-
teen members voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. KNOWLTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
correction of the report of the proceedings of
yesterday. I find myself recorded in the Grlobe
as having objected to my colleague [Mr. Fuller]
making a personal explanation. I simply wish
to say that I did not make the objection. The
Chair will be witness of the truth of this state-
ment.
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair did not take the
objection from the gentleman from Maine.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. READY, (at forty minutes past three, p.
m.) I move thai the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion X
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—only
twenty-one members voting for them.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
