1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12*7
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. CumbacJc.
Ho. of Reps.
Indeed, every legislative body has the right to change the
seat, of government at will, unless prohibited or controlled
bv tlie superior authority of a constitution, or as, in our
ease, bv tilt; overruling organic act of a superior power.
The veto message admits this in the following words: '■ Did
the Legislature possess general powers, and not tram-
meled as they are by the restriction of consistency with the
organic act, their power to change the seat of government
at pleasure could not be doubted." It is certainly some-
what strange that arguments and authorities should be so
gravely and industriously accumulated here and elsewhere
in the "opinion, to prove the position that a legislative body
with untrammeled powers can go where they please, when
the message has, in the plainest language, admitted it j and
that the essential argument of the message showing that
this power is forbidden to our Legislature by Congress,
should be left untouched, as I will show it has been. The
next reason, to wit, that the constitution of Maryland allows
their Legislature to sit elsewhere than at the constitutional
seat of government, may have some bearing upon the ques-
tion at issue, but, if it has, I have not been able to discover
it. If it proves anything at all, it establishes a belief, by
the framers of the constitution, that without this special
permission the Legislature had not the power to remove ;
and insomuch I thank the chief justice for this eitation in
aid of my argument. The next reason given, that the objec-
tion is a trivial one, rests solely upon the assertion and in-
dividual notion of the chief justice, and has 110 argument to
support it, and, if we are to judge from the context, can
scarcely have the confidence of the chief justice himself,
for in the next paragraph lie says: " It is due to ourselves
to add, that it would be an unjust inference from these sug-
gestions to suppose, that we regard the establishment of
seats of government as a matter of indifference. On the
contrary, they are in entire consonance with the highest
appreciation of the advantages and necessity of such estab-
lishment."
It is exceedingly difficult to reconcile this language with |
the idea just expressed, that it is trivial and immaterial |
whether the very highest functions of government are exer-
cised at the place legally set apart and provided for that
purpose, or at any other chance place to which each Legis-
lature may wander, with or without a reason, as it may
happen. The very meaning of the term repudiates this
jde<«. A seat of government means a place where the
functions and powers of government shall be carried on—
where the business of governing the country shall be done;
mil where it is fixed without any qualifications or contin-
gencies, it excludes the idea of doing that business at any
other place, except by as high authority as that by which
it was originally fixed ; otherwise we must suppose that
when a seat of government is fixed by as grave and high a
power as a constitutional provision, it is only meant that
the officers of government may go there if they see
proper, but that every Legislature may, at its own caprice,
sit where it pleases; for if they can remove at all, they
alone are the judges of the reasons, and are not called on
to give those reasons to any man. With all due deference
to the learned chief justice, I am compelled to say that it
is his argument which is trifling, and not the objection of i
the Executive, and that this novel idea of his stands him j
in no more stead than his inapplicable authorities. We j
now pass to the second proposition and reasons in support
of it, to be found on the sixth, seventh, and eighth pages of
the opinion.
2. That the Kansas Legislature have the right under the
acts of Congress to change the temporary seat of Govern-
ment. !
Reasons.—Because the word " temporarily," in the thir-
tieth section of our organic act, implies the existence of a
power somewhere to change it, and that," in the absence of
a prohibition," that power rests with the Legislature as one
of the " rightful subjects of legislation." Because the act
of 3d March, 1855, which forbids the expenditure of the
appropriation until the Legislature shall, by law, fix the
" permanent" seat of government, is not a grant of the
power to fix it, but a recognition of the previous existence
of the power. Because, if the Legislature had this power
to locate the " permanent" seat of government, they must
necessarily have the power to fix the " temporary" seat,
upon the principle that "the greater includes the less."
That the use of the word " temporarily" implies a pro-
spective change, and, therefore, a power in some one to
make the change, I can readily admit: and that this power
rests with the Legislature I also admit. The mention of a
temporary seat of government clearly implies that it is to
be followed by a permanent one, and this change from the
one to the other is in the power of the Legislature. All
this was admitted in the veto message, and may be admit-
ted again. Whether that power is derived from the organic
act or the act of March, 1855, has now become immate-
rial.
In the second process of this reasoning, the opinion passes
to the permanent seat of government, and claims that the
act ofWarch, 1855, recognizes the power to fix it as already
vested in the Legislature. Although the chief justice may
derive this power from the former act, and I from the lat-
ter, that is a matter of no consequence. I have already
concurred with him that they have the power, and that is
all which is at all material.
Now, however, we come to the singular conclusion that
if the Legislature have the power to locate permanently,
therefore they have the right to locate temporarily, because
"the greater includes the less." Here, then, is the first
departure from admitted propositions—and, therefore, the
foundation and basis of judicial opinion, at which, it might
most logically have commenced, to the great economy of
writing, reading, and printing. This inference, so essen-
tial and important—the Atlas, which is to bear upon its
fcSttulders the whole burden of judicial dissent, aiid, there-
fore, required all the support that could be furnished it—
is dismissed in six or eight lines, at the commencement of
page 8. I deny confidently the correctness of this inference.
The maxim of " greater and less" does not apply. It is
only to be applied where we would say that " the whole
includes the parts," and the two maxims are identical in
meaning. The greater does not include the less in law or
in physics, unless both are essentially the same, except in
quantity. It is not enough that they are similar—they
must be identical. A dwelling will include a bed-room, but
not a manger, and a stable will include a manger, but not
a bed-room, because the one is part of the whole, and the
other is not, although the relation of greater and less ex- j
ists as well in the one case as in the other. So a convey- ;
ance of a farm will inciude'the buildings but not the stock,
notwithstanding the one is greater and the other less. A
perjury and a larceny are both greater than a trespass, yet
the latter includes a trespass and the former does not. In j
defining the extent of powers and jurisdictions, it is neces-
sary to attend to other distinctions. A lease for years is a ;
part of the absolute or fee-simple title, yet a power to sell
real estate does not include a power to lease it. A larceny
includes a trespass, yet a power given to a court to try the
larceny includes no power to try a trespass. Even the
maxim that" the whole includes the parts," is to be most
carefully adopted, or it will lead to error, as will be seen
by the foregoing illustrations. Indeed, there could be no
greater error than to lay down; as a general rule, that" su-
perior powers or jurisdictions include inferior ones." This
may be true, to a large extent, of inherent, but never of
delegated,, powers, except where the inferior constitutes a
necessary step or stage in executing the superior, and is
auxiliary to it. Any other doctrine than this if incorpo-
rated into the action of a Legislature, a court, or an execu-
tive, would produce the most revolutionary confusion.
To apply these rules to the case in hand, we find broad
and palpable distinctions on which to rest. A temporary
seat of government must cease to exist before the permanent
on* comes into existence. The latter is a place where,
under the acts of Congress, the appropriation must be* ex-
pended ; the former is a place where the expenditure is
forbidden. The two are not identical—the one is not a
part of the other. The power to locate the one is not a
step or stage in carrying out the other, or in any way aux-
iliary to it.
It will not do, then, simply to assert that every superior
power includes the inferior, and that every greater includes
the less, and then to consider the case proven.
But we waste too much time on the argument, for it is
totally immaterial which side of it is right, because it has
been discussed on both sides without reference to the con-
gressional prohibition; and even although the one power
were such an inferior one as would be impliedly included
in the superior, yet if it is prohibited to the Legislature by
Congress, that is a destruction of the implication and an
end of the question. This congressional prohibition is the
very ground on which the veto message puts the question,
and it is certainly a matter of surprise that the opinion does
not even profess to meet it.
By the organic act and supplements,. Congress says to
the Legislature in subject and effect, the permanent seat of
government is a place where the appropriation shall be .ex-
pended. The temporary seat is a place where it shall not be«
expended. The one shall precede the other and be super-
seded by it. You are permitted to fix the permanent seat
—we have fixed the temporary, and we forbid you from
doing anything inconsistent with what we have done.
This is the view of the question upon which the veto
message is mainly based, and I have examined the opinion
of the Chief Justice in vain for a reply to it. A refutation
of this would be important, but, in the absence of such
refutation, what boots it to tell us that the Congress of
1777, the Congress of 1790, and the Parliament of England,
uncontrolled by £#ly superior power, exercised as they
pleased the absolute authority which they possessed over
their place of meeting ? Of what use to prove that the con-
stitution ofTMaryland permits their Legislature, in certain
cases, to meet elsewhere than at the constitutional place ?
Of what consequence to argue that fixing a seat of gov*
ernment is one of the " rightful subjects of legislation "
"in the absence of prohibition," when the prohibition
stares us in the face, and is the basis of the adverse argu-
ment ? Why promulge, as an unqualified truism, that the
I superior powers include inferior ones, when the practice of
i every court of justice disproves and contradicts it ?
Having thus fairly stated and clearly refuted the prepo-
sitions and reasons of the opinion, my task is ended. There
are other collateral matters in that opinion which it might
be profitable to refer to—and especially the erroneous idea
in the prefatory apology, lhat the alleged objection to the
validity of the laws is one which a judicial tribunal could
not take cognizance of, and which is refuted by the very
case he cites; but my overruling desire to avoid prolixity,
and to make this review brief and direct, induces me to
j pass over them in silence.
There is one, and only one, additional matter to which I
ought, perhaps, to allude. The opinion supposes some ex-
treme cases of strong reasons for removal from a seat of
government, and of great hardships if compelled to remain,
j These might mislead untrained minds, and I have only to
say that, if a Legislature have the power, it is of 110 avail
to say that their reasons are insufficient, for they are the
sole judges of those reasons. If they have no such power,
the strongest reasons cannot, of themselves, change a con-
1 stitution or a controlling act to give them that power. The
; same reasons might exist for the removal of a court from
the prescribed seat of justice; but there are no lawyers and
few men who are so ignorant as not to know that the re-
moval would be totally unauthorized and nugatory. The
powers of our Legislature, it is true, are greater than those
of a court, but still they have their fixed limits, which they
can no more transcend than a court can transcend theirs.
However I may differ as to the propriety of an opinion
at all. it is due to the Chief Justice to say that the ineffi-
ciency of hi3 arguments is to be ascribed, not to his want of
ability, but to the weakness of a cause in support of which,
as I am convinced, no man, of whatever ability, could make
an argument which it would cost any great amount of men-
tal labor triumphantly to refute.
A. H. REEDER.
Shawnee Mission, Kansai Ty., ?
August 22, 1855. J
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. WILL: CUMBACK,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 7,1856,
In reply to Mr. Oliver, of Missouri, who had spoken on
the Resolution reported from the Committee of Elections
in the Kansas Contested-Election case.
Mr. WILL: CUMBACK said:
Mr. Speaker: I did not intend, while I aifl a
member of this House, to commit the fashionable
folly of making speeches, nor do I rise now for
any such purpose; but, sir, I cannot be silent, if
that silence is any way construed into acquies-
cence to the doctrines promulgated by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] who has just
taken his seat. That gentleman has recently
become a convert to the Democratic party, and
everybody knows that new converts in politics
or religion are always zealous in the beginning,
and hasten to proclaim the opinions of the causa
they have espoused.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Has not the gen-
tleman become recently a convert to the Repub-
lican party from the Democratic party?
Mr. CUMBACK. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
the gentleman's interrogatory with great pleasure.
Sir, when I was connected with the Democratic
party, it then held to the same doctrines as to the
extension of slavery, to which I now hold, and
which I will ever stand by and maintain. The
teaching of the Democracy in Indiana, and the
doctrine of their platform, before this Nebraska
bill was " conceived in sin and brought forth in
iniquity," were, that Congress had the power,
ana should exercise it, to prevent the introduction
of slavery into the free Territories of the country.
Sir, I speak advisedly, and from the record. In
my own State, but a short time since, the ban-
ners of the Democracy were proudly fluttering
over all their foes, and on it was inscribed this
doctrine:
" Resolved, That the institution of slavery ought not to
be introduced into any territory where it does not now
exist.
" Resolved, That inasmuch as California and New Mex-
ico are in fact and in law free Territories^it is the butt
of Congress to prevent the introduction op slavery
within their limits."
I refer to this doctrine to show if there is any
great amount of " conversion," it is that the so-
called Democracy have lpft this Jeffersonian doc-
trine, and are now bowing down in shameful
obedience to the behfest of the slave power. But
if this one witness is not sufficient to make out a
case of conversion against the Democracy, I offer
another to put the matter beyond dispute; for it
is said in Holy Writ, by the mouth of " two wit-
nesses all things shall be established."
At the next session of the Legislature of our
State after this platform of the Democracy had
been adopted, and a splendid victory Achieved
by the election of the Legislature of the State,
by a large majority in favor of the victors,
and almost the entire delegation to this body of
the same party, the Democratic Legislature be-
came a little suspicious that their representatives
in Congress might fall from grace, and abandon
the time-honored doctrines of the party. They
somehow feared they would lack the nerve to
do their whole duty, and that same Democratic
Legislature, to strengthen and support them,
passed the following resolution, as a kind of-
" tonic"—in modern phrase to give them back-
bone in the defense of Democratic principles:
" Be it resolved ty the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That our Senators be instructed, and our Rep-
resentatives in Congress be requested, so to cast their votes
and extend their influence to have ingrafted upon any
law that may be passed for the organization of territory
recently acquired .from Mexico, a provision forever ex-
cluding from such territory slavery and involun-
tary servitude, otherwise than in the punishment for
crimes whereof the party has been duly convicted."
Mr. Speaker, I take the principle contained in
that resolution—the con stitutional power to inhibit
the further spread in the blighting curse of slavery
—for my instructions, and commend to it my col-
leagues—each and all of them from my own
State. It is sound and healthy doctrine. But to
put this matter entirely at rest, I will offer a word
or two of corroboration.
