TIM CONG:BBgBt#NAL,
July 24,
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, 1:under-
stand that the main question has, been ordered.
Upon these resolutions, and that they will there-
fore come up as the first business in the morning.
I wi?h to appeal tq the House, therefore, inas-
much as there are several gentlemen who desire
to be heard this evening, that they will withdraw
all objection, and. allow, us to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and hold an evening session for the purpose.of
general debate.
Mr. STANTON. Let us take a,votei first upon
the,resolutions before th$ House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have not objected to
the vote being taken.
Mr. HARLAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have no wish to
debate. I am making an appeal to gentlemen to
withdraw objection to the motion of the gentle-
man'from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the question upon the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at three o'clock
and forty minutes.) 1 move, then, that the House
adjourn.
.Mr. MORGAN. That motion is not m order.
The House has just voted down a. motion to ad-
journ .
Mr. JONES. A motion has since been made
and withdrawn. I raised the same question yes-
terday, and the Chair decided that the motion to
adjourn must be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
queslion lo (he House.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas,and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move that when the House adjourns on
Friday next, it adjourn to meet on the Monday
following, to give the members of the House an
opportunity of accepting the invitation of Com-
modore Vanderbilt, read this morning.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is not in order at this time.
It would be in order to move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on some other
da J'which he might name.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Tlie SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this lime; the Ilouae having just voted on a
similar motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is not the motion to ad-
journ always in order?
The SPEAKER. The question has just been
taken oil the motion, and it cannot be immedi-
ately repeated, without some business having
intervened.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the main question having been ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the motion to adjourn is not in
order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. McMULLIN. Upon what ground?
The SPEAKER. Upon the ground that no
business has intervened since the same motion
lias been voted on by the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, I ask to be ex-
cused from voting on the resolution before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the mo-
tion to the House.
The question was put; and Mr. McMullin
was excused from voting, amidst shouts of laugh-
ter.
Mr. McMULLIN. Do I understand thatl am
excused from voting on the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is excused.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was excused from voting.
Mr. HEADY. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the tabic.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table, was agreed to.
The question, then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, upon w.hich the yeas
and nays had been ordered; and being taken, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays,50;
as follows.-
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Broom, Buffinton, Lewis D. Campbell, ChaHee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comms, Cragin, Oullen, Cumbacit,
Damrell, Timothy Davjs, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durl'ee, Emrie, Ettieridge, Flagler, Biddings, Granger,
Robert 13,. Hall, Ilarlan, Haven, Thomas R. Morton, Val-
entine B. Horton, Kelsey, King, Kliapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leitei, Matteson, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Pcrrv, Pcttlt, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Purviance,
Eohbinf, Roberts,"Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton. Tyson, Valk, Wade, Wakcman, Walbndge, Wal-
dron Eihh'ii B. WaJihurne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Well-,, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie,
Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Carutheis, Caskie, Williamson It. W.Cobb,Craige, Craw-
ford,Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, Foster,Goode, Gieenwood,
Houston, George W. Jones, Kennett, Kid well, Lake, Letch-
er, Lumpkin, Alexander K.Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Peck, Phelps, Puryear, Quitman,
lteade, Eeady, Iiuflln, Savage, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Snecd, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Warner, Watkins, and Zollicoffer—50.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Underwood.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid upon
the table.
The question now being on agreeing to the
second resolution,
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table; and called for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and naya were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution; and being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 81), nays 58; as follows:
YEAH—Messis. Albiight, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billingliur-t, Bingham, Bradshaw, Bienton,
Buffinton, Lewis I). Campbell, Chaffer, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Olaik, dawson, Cohax, Comms, Cragin, Cumbaek,
D.umcll, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Darter,
limue, Flagler, Uiddmgs, Granger, ltobeit B. Hall, Itarlan,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine 11. [loiton, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leitei, Matte on, Mc-
Cartv, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols,
Noiton, Parser, Pelton, Pennington. Perry, Pcttit, Pike,
Pnngle, Purvianeo, Robbins, Roberts, Sabm. Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Suaiiahan, Tappan, Thurston
Todd. Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge. Waldron
Elliliu (1. Wa-hlmrne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells,
Wood. Wood I uff, and Woodworth—60.
NAVtf—Mcssi-. Aiken, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie,
Branch, Bloom, liumelt, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carulher-, Caskie, William -on R. W. Cobb, Craige, Craw-
ford. Cullen, Henry Winter Da\is, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Elliott, Elliendge, Goode, Greenwood, Haven, Houston,
Geoige W. Jones, Kennett, Kidweii, Lake, Letcher,
Lnnipkin, Alexander IC Marshall, Maxwell, McMuIlni,
McUueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Andiew Oliver, Peck,
Phelps, 1'urvear, Umttnan, Keade, ltuffin,Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William ^mirb, Sliced, Stowait, Taibott,
Tavloi, Ti ippe, Tyson, Valk, VVainer, VVatkins, Williams,
and Zollicoffer—53.
So the sccond resolution was agreed to.
Pendins the call of the roll,
Mr. R1CAUD stated that he had paired off j
with Mr. Ritchie.
Mr. SIMMONS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Foster.
Mr. MATTESON moved that the vote by :
which the resolution was agreed to, be reconsid- !
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon- :
sider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. SAPP moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sapp's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly, suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pur-
viance in the chair,) the business in order being
the consideration of the Army appropriation bill,
upon which the debate under the hour rule had
been closed.
Mr. SAPP obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would suggest
to my colleague that if he intends to address the
House for an hour he,had better allow us to take
up a bill upon which the debate has not been
closed. . .
Mr. SAPP- Certainly, I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. . I move that for this
evening's session the bill before the committee
be laid aside, and that the fortification bill be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the fortifica-
tion bill taken up for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. SAPP obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, on whose motion
(at twenty-five minutes past four o'clock) the
committee took a recess until this evening, at
seven o'clock.
evening session.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m., (Mr. Purviance in the chair.)
Mr. SAPP being entitled to the floor yielded
to
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, who spoke in
favor of a bill to grant bounty to the officers and
crews of privateer vessels engaged in the varioua
wars of the United States.
Mr. SAPP resumed the floor, and spoke for
an hour against the extension of slavery in ter-
ritory now free.
Mr. BARKSDALE followed in an hour's
speech on the general politics of the country.
Mr. CLAWS ON reviewed and condemned the
acts of the present Administration.
He was followed by Mr. DEAN, who spoke
against the extension of slavery.
Mr. STEWART then obtained the floor, and
made a speech to prove that the slavery question
is not an open one, and that its discussion is
dangerous to the Republic.
The speeches are withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. BARKSDALE, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Purviance reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 180, relating to fortifications, and had in-
structed him to report that they had come to no
conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BARKSDALE,
(at fifty minutes past ten, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 24, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, commu-
nicating the opinion of the court on the claim of
Joseph D. Beers, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which, on motion of Mr. Brodhead, was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of Samuel
13. Smith and others, travelers on the route be-
tween New York and California, praying for an
investigation of the present condition of the
