128
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Cumbaclc.
Ho. of Reps.
But a short time since, our Legislature had
a Senator to elect to represent us in the other end
of the Capitol, and of course there were several
patriotic gentlemen who were willing to make the
sacrifice on that occasion. But before the De-
mocracy would commit such an important trust
to any member of their party, they appointed a
committee to investigate their soundness on the
question of slavery extension. Mr. Whitcomb s
answer to the interrogatories of the committee
was most satisfaetbry, and they chose him. His
answer is as follows:
Indianapolis, December 9,1848.
Gentlemen: Your letter of this date, in relation to the
subject of the extension of slavery into our newly-acquired
Territories of New Mexico and California, has been re-
ceived. I have time to give but a brief reply—one, however,-
which I trust will be sufficiently intelligible for your pur-
^°As stated in my recent message to the Legislature, these
Territories have come to us free, by their own laws, tram
the institution of slavery. It is incontrovertible that slavery j
there or elsewhere cannot exist without the sanction oj post- ,
tive law. I am opposed to the passage or any sdch
law. I believe that congress can constitutionally
pass such organic laws for the government of the i
Territory as will, in their operation, prevent the
Territorial Legislature from passing any such law.
It follows that Congress can, in my judgment, pre-
vent the introduction of slavery into those Terri-
tories.
In relation to your second question, I will add that, still
regarding slavery as I did nearly twenty years ago, in a
report I made in the Legislature of this State, as a draw-
back upon the prosperity of any country, I would, if a
member, use my influence, and vote for the passage by
Congress of a law of the kind referred to: that is to say,
a law which will operate effectually to prevent
the introduction of slavery into these territories.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES WHITCOMB.
Messrs. J. P. Milliken, and others.
We propose, in Indiana, to see to it that men
are still sound as the Senator then chosen by the
Democracy, before we make Senators of them;
and if they, like he, prove to be right on this
auestion, we propose, like the Democracy did
len, to give them commissions; and if their
knees become feeble, and their spines weak, we
will then point them to the instructions upon the
Journal of our Legislature, to which I have re-
ferred, to give them "aid and comfort."
But, sir, I presume this will be sufficient, so
far as the Democracy of my own State is con-
cerned. I might read a few chapters from Ohio,
from New Hampshire, from Michigan, from
Pennsylvania, and, indeed, from all the northern
States; but I am not desirous of going into that
now, and would not have said one word on the
subject, but for the question , propounded by the
honorable gentleman, [Mr. Oliver,] to whom I-
rose to reply. He, sir, is a new convert to De-
mocracy—or rather, to the galvanized article now
attempting to pass itself off as such; and let me
say to him this word of advice now, that he will
find that they " play upon a harp of a thousand
strings;" but the "just men made perfect" will
be remarkable for their scarcity.
Mr. Speaker, it has been the practice of every
Democratic speaker who refers to the scenes of
bloodshed, violence, and fraud in the Territory of
Kansas, to lay them all upon the head of the emi-
grant aid society, as a kind of scape-goat to carry
off all the sins of the invaders of that Territory
and' of this imbecile Administration, in not pro-
tecting the people of that Territory in their rights.
What was this society organized for ? The great
sin, in the opinion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, was that it intended to use its efforts to
make Kansas a free State. Ah! sir, I recollect
•well in my own State—I can almost hear now
ihe echo from hill-top to vale—the eloquent ap-
peals made to the people of my State ana district
by the orators of the Democratic party, that the
repeal of the Missouri compromise would not
only tend to make Kansas and Nebraska free
States, but that slavery could not exist now south
uf the line of 36° 30', and that the result would be,
that not only these Territories would be made into
Tree States, but that a cordon of free States would
- be established in the future to the Pacific ocean.
That was the doctrine there; and I have no doubt
that there are northern Democrats here now, who
owe their seats to that position assumed at home;
yet, it is a great sin, say that same party now, for
men to go to Kansas to make it a free State, I
never had any intention to go to Kansas until I
saw the condition of things there, and the efforts
to force slavery upon its people by means of
fraud and violence, and no assistance rendered by
this Administration, calling itself Democratic. I
then felt like going there to help make it a free
State.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. Will the gentle-
man allow me a word?
Mr. CUMBACK. I cannot now. I will,
when I get through, allow my colleague to ask
me any question that may please him. He will
i please excuse me now.
I ask the gentleman from Missouri how often,
and how many at a time of the people from the
northern States, are to go to Kansas to become
j citizens? Has it come to this, that Missouri
must be consulted on this point? Has it come to
this, that when a few men go together to settle in
I Kansas, to find a home for themselves and their
j children, that because they are northern men, and
love freedom better than slavery, and will so vote,
that that is to be considered as warring against
the rights of Missouri, and justify a descent upon
I the rights of these men ? If that doctrine is to be
established as the correct one, if I were to go to
Kansas holding the opinions which I do in regard
to the extension of slavery—and I certainly would
not leave them behind me—I would be warring
against Missouri! Sir, if this is the doctrine, and
I were in that Territory a citizen, and my right
to vote was questioned by outsiders, there would
be war between me and the invader of my rights
, at once. I pray gentlemen to tell us what rights
; the Missourians have in Kansas until they be-
i come actual settlers in the Territory ? We were
' told that the people were to be left perfectly free
to form their own institutions in their own way,
and that it was an outrage upon their rights to
j prohibit slavery there by law; yet it seems that
! outsiders, in the face of this Administration, have
been left perfectly free to override all the rights
of the citizens there, and no protection is afforded
them. But I wholly deny that men of the North
! have gone to Kansas for the purpose of simply
controlling the institutions of that Territory, in-
1 tending, as soon as it was made a free State, to
' return. Some of them may have returned; but
in going there, they all had an intention of be-
coming citizens of the Territory and actual resi-
! dents. They wished, it is true, to make the Ter-
ritory a free State. By the legislation of our
j fathers, that Territory was guarantied to freedom
! forever, and we intend that it shall be " forever"
! free. •
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman, as
he has asked me a question, to let me make a
: reply.
• Mr. CUMBACK. I cannot yield now.
Mr. PHELPS. Do not ask me questions, then,
if you do not intend to give me an opportunity to
reply.
Mr. CUMBACK. You may have the whole
session to reply when I am done. The doctrine
of the Democratic party, as I said a while ago,
was once resistance to slavery agitation. James
K. Polk, in speaking of this very same Missouri
compromise, does not stigmatize it, as does my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] and other
Democrats, as an " odious measure." He said
that it was a great act of conciliation; that its
authors were hailed as public benefactors. That
was the Democracy speaking through James K.
Polk, while President of; the United States, and
supported by this party. Its authors were hailed
as great " benefactors;" and when we succeed in
restoring that compromise, and guarantying free
institutions in Kansas and Nebraska to our chil-
dren and our children's children forever, then we
shall be hailed as " public benefactors."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Where in James K.
Polk's writings does the gentleman find the ex-
pression which he uses?
Mr. CUMBACK. I decline to be interrupted
now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think you, cannot;
you do not know.
Mr. CUMBACK. We will see who knows.
Here it is in Polk's special message, on the 14th
of August, 1848, on the Oregon question:
" In December, 1819, application was made to Congress
by the people of Missouri Territoiy for admission into the
Union ax a State. The discussion upon the subject in
Congress involved the question of slavery, and was prose-
cuted with such violence as to produce excitements alarm-
ing to every patriot in the Union. But the good genius
of conciliation, which presided at the birth of our
institutions, finally prevailed, and the Missouri
compromise was adopted. The eighth section of the act
of Congress of the 6th of March, 1820, ' to authorize the
people of the Territory of Missouri to form a constitution
and State government,' &c., provides:
"' That in all that territory ceded by France to the United
' States, under the name of Louisiana, which lies north of
' 36° 30' north latitude, not included within the limits of the
< State contemplated by this act, slavery and involuntary
' servitude, otherwise than in the punishment of crime,
< whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be,
'and is hereby, forever prohibited: Provided always, That
' any person escaping into the same from whom labor or
' service is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the
' United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed
' and conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or
< service as aforesaid.' _
" This compromise had the effect of calming the troubled
waves, and restoring peace and good-will throughout the
States of the Union. The Missouri question had excited
intense agitation of the public mind, and threatened to divide
the country into geographical parties, alienating the feelings
of attachment which each portion of the Union should bear
to every other. The compromise allayed the excitpment,
tranquiilized the popular mind, and restored confidence and
fraternal feelings. Its authors were hailed as public
benefactors !"
Mr. Speaker, we propose to tranquilize the
public mind—to put a quietus on the outrages in
Kansas by restoring the.prohibition of slavery in
that Territory; and, sir, I have no fears but that
Eosterity will pronounce upon our act the same
enediction as is here pronounced upon its original
enactors by Mr. Polk. Gentlemen may talk about
a dissolution of the Union, if that is attempted,
as long and as loud as they choose. I read from
this same message of Mr. Polk, on that point,
and let gentlemen who professed to be Democrats
then and now, to ask themselves who are the
disunionists. It will be remembered that when
Texas was admitted into the Union, the compro-
mise was applied to all the territory of Texas
north of that line. Mr. Polk, in speaking of the
compromise and the admission of Texas, says:
" Ought we now to disturb the Texas and Missouri com-
promises ? Ought we at this late day, in attempting to an-
nul what has been so long established and acquiesced in,
to excite sectional jealousies and divisions, to alienate the
people of different portions of the Union from each other,
and to endanger the existence of the Union itself?"
Let gentlemen answer, who are the enemies of
the Union. We are told by the gentleman from
Missouri that the Missouri compromise was an
odious measure, forced upon the South against
their will by votes from the North. I ask the
gentleman to look a little more cautiously to the
history of the legislation of 1820, before he makes
such wild assertions. I ask him to look at the
votes of northern and southern men at its enact-
ment. I hold in my hand a letter from a distin-
guished gentleman from the South, which was
written at the time the Missouri compromise was
passed.
" Congress Hall, March 2,1820,
Three o'clock at night.
" Dear Sir : I hasten to inform you that this moment wa
have carried the question to admit Missouri and all Louisi-
ana to the southward free, from the restriction of slavery,
and givethe South, an additionof six and perhaps eight mem-
bers to the Senate of the United States. It is considered
here, by the slaveholding States, as a great tri-
umph."
The enactment of the Missouri compromise,
at the time when it gave Missouri, a slave State,
into the Union, and when it gave that territory
south, also free from restriction, was a great tri-
umph. But, sir, when the other side of the con-
tract is about to be carried out, it suddenly becomes
a very "odious measure." But Mr. Pinckney
goes on in this same letter, and says:
" The votes were close—ninety to eighty-six, (the vote
was so first declared)—produced by the seceding of a few
absent and moderate men from the North. To the north of
38° 3C, there is to be, by the present law, restriction, which
you will see by the votes, I voted against. Bui it is at present
of no moment. It is a vast tract, uninhabited, only by mild
beasts and savages; in which not afoot of the Indian claim to
I the soil is extinguished, in which, according to the ideas preva-
lent, no land office will be open for a great length of time.
"With respect, your obedient servant,
"CHARLES PINCKNEY."
But, by-and-by, in the course of events, that ter-
ritory has become open for settlement, and States
are to be made out of it, and then the institution
of slavery, like thefabled dogof old, which never
sleeps, puts its eye upon it, and now it becomes
a great sin for a freeman to go into Kansas for
