864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 10.
says that the man who brought the paper here
is what he claims to be, ail honorable man, and
that he brought a fair and honest paper. I do
not understand the Senator from New York to
do that. Where are the gentlemen who claim
to be here speaking; for the oppressed people of
Kansas? Sir, noscitur sociis is a safe maxim—
the man is known by the company be keeps. If
it be true that the man is known by the company
he keeps, the company is known by the man
who helps them.
Now, it is an extraordinary spectacle that here,
with a paper of this character brought into the
Senate, disclaimed by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, who was made, inadvertently on his
part, never suspecting anything, the instrument
of producing it before the Senate—a paper de-
nounced as it has been, not a gentleman undertakes
to vindicate it or to say what it is. I understand,
from the Senator from New York, that he was
informed by the person who brought the paper
to Washington, that there was a genuine paper,
and he believes that this is a copy, or a substan-
tial copy, and that the names of those who al-
ledged that they were the Senators and Represent-
atives of Kansas, were signed to that genuine
paper. Where is that paper ? He says, as I under-
stand him, that this was either the substance or
a copy of that paper. Then where is it? What
is the condition of society, moral or political, in
Kansas, that can come here to the Senate, through
a representative, alleging himself to be a Senator,
with a paper of this kind, for which nobody can
undertake to vouch, and which has been de-
nounced as a forgery and as fraudulently done ?
I say, Mr. President, nosci'tur sociis. The de-
bate which has taken place has not, I trust, been
lost to the Senate or to the country. It should go
out. The country will learn who are the people
that have been sent as hirelings by the emigrant
aid societies to preoccupy tei ritory and keep others
out, and who are to be sustained by the priest-
hood in New England by contributions to pur-
chase Sharpe's rifles. They will see what sort of
people they are. Sir, the debate will not be lost
to the countiy; and it has been valuable to us in
letting us know with whom wc are to deal, and
giving us timely notice.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the Senator from
New York, counting around the Senate Chamber,
was pleased to sny that four or five Senators made
an assault on him. It is a favorite expression of
his, that the people of the section of country from
which I conic are aristocrats—that they have
some privileges over and above other people—
tli.it they are a " privileged class." Now, it seems
to me, that the honorable Senator has got into
that position himself. I did not assail him. I
intended to give a vote. The honorable Senator
from Maine had said-that that vote would put me
in company with such gentlemen as Lord North,
lie assimilated my conduct in the vote which I
intended to give to the conduct of the Ministry
of Great Britain when they were attempting to
oppress these colonies. I made no assault upon
the Senator from New York, nor said a word
about him, until he said, 111 a very emphatic
manner, that he indorsed what the honorable
Senator from Maine said; thus, becoming my
assailant, I defended my vote, and now he says
I assailed him.
Mr. SEWARD, My honorable friend from
Texas and myself ought not to differ. We shall
hear, presently, the honorable Senator from
Maine. I do not leniembcr the fact as to what
the honorable Senator said. I simply undeistood
him to say that this refusal reminded him of
nothing so much as the refusal of the British Gov-
ernment to receive the petitions of the colonies.
All the arguments built on that, of imputations
against him personally, my honorable friend from
Texas will see at once are without anv found-
ation as far as he or other Senators are concerned.
Mr. RUSK. _ I took it that the honorable Sen-
ator was attacking me, and I was endeavoring to
defend myself. He is a pretty bold gentleman
in attack^ Yesterday he attacked the President
of the United States. He was the prosecutor, the
witness, and the judge; and I suppose he only
tion done on him. [Laughter.] I only wished to
find out the genuineness of the documentbefore I
became subjected to these penalties. I thought
the Senator from New York knew a great deal
about it. I submit to the Senate and to every-
body else, that the knowing conversation which
seemed to pass between him and the"Senator from
Michigan, in the debate which I read to the Sen-
ate, might not well have induced me to believe
then, that I could certainly find good witnesses to
ascertain whether this was a genuine document
or not, and now it turns out that it was not.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the very few remarks
which I submitted in the early part of the ses-
sion this morning, I regarded this document as
genuine. It was presented by the Senator from
Michigan, and he having presented it, I had a
right so to suppose. I have never taken the
paper in my hands; I have never read a word of
it; I have never looked at it. The fact that he
presented it here justified me, as I supposed, in
believing it to be a genuine paper. It was on
that belief that I said what I did. Entertaining
the same belief now, I have no qualification to
make to any word which I said then. I learn,
however, from the Senator from Michigan, that
it is not a genuine paper. It would have been
more agieeable to me to have heard the details
and the facts which satisfied the mind of the Sen-
ator from Michigan; but he has not given them
to us, and I must therefore content myself with
saying that I shall be satisfied with his opinion.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator pardon me for
a moment?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. I will repeat what I said before.
From a conversation with Colonel Lane, I am
not satisfied that the paper is one that ought to be
received. I need not go into the details of the
conversation. That is the result.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is what I said; but it
would have been more satisfactory to my mind to
have the conversation, so that I could draw my
own conclusions; but still, as the Senator says,
it is of such a character as to satisfyliim that it is
not a genuine paper 
Several Senators. He did not say that.
Mr. HAMLIN. He said, that the paper ought
not to be received; and taking that statement in
connection with what the Senator from New York
has said, I come to the conclusion irresistibly,
that it is not a genuine paper; and not being a
genuine paper, I certainly will not, on any ques-
tion, or on any subject, vote to receive in this
body a paper purporting to be genuine which is
not so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had intended to vote
against the resolution, under the apprehension
that the genuineness of the paper might be con-
sidered as doubtful, and, as it had gone to a com-
mittee, I was disposed to let it rest somewhere.
Now, it seems to be a conceded fact, that it is not
genuine, and therefore, I shall vote for the reso-
lution contrary to my original intention.
The question being taken on Mr. Mason's res-
olution, resulted—yeas 32, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messr?. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Biggs., Bicler,
Bright, Brown, ftutlsr, Oa?s Crittenden, Dod<£c, Douglas
IS vans, Fit7.p.itriek,Geyer, Hamlm, Houston. Hunter, iver-
son, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Firili, Llcid, Rusk. Sebastian,
Shdell, Stuart, Toueey, Tiumbull, Wdler, Wngiit, and
Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Hailan, Seward, and Sumner—3.
So the resolution was adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The memorial is now
before the Senate.
_ Mr. C'-YSS. I ask leave to withdraw it with a
view to return it to the gentleman who handed it
to me.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 10, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournai of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the report from
the Committee of Elections upon the contested-
election cases in Illinois.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 8th instant, requesting him
to communicate such information as might be in
his possession respecting the practice of prolong-
ing the sessions of the United States courts in
any judicial districts beyond what is deemed
requisite for a proper discharge of the business
before said courts, stating that the only case of
such mal-practice of which the Department has
definite information is that of the United States
circuit and district court at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania; also inclosing a letter from the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, with abstracts
accompanying the same, showing th«; number of
days these courts were in session during the six
months specified; also the nature and amount of
business transacted therein respectively.
PURCHASE OF A BOOK.
Mr. BROOM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Libraiy be, and i=?
hereby, instructed to inquire into the clhiraeteruf a proposed
republication, by Henry Carey Baird, of the "Journals"
and " Seeiet journals'' of Congress, liom 177-1 to 1788. in-
clusive, and to report upon the expediency of the purchase
by Congre-s of a certain numbei of copies theieof.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Some days ago a
resolution was adopted, instructing the Secretary
of War to report in reference to the Washington
aqueduct, and, among other things, dividing the
line of the conduit in sections of about one mile
each, and then to give a detailed statement of all
the estimated quantities and prices for excavation
of common earth, hard pan, indurated earth,
quicksand, rock in open cuttings or in tunnels,
for embankments, back-filling and puddling for
masonry of cut stone or hammer-dressed, of
rubble, concrete, and brick masonry, and the
estimated amount and prices of all other pieces
of work; and also tho cost of engineering and
superintendence; and, in a separate item, a contin-
gent sum to provide for all unforeseen expenses.
The House will readily see that this is a specu-
lative project, and that the object is to get details
and minutiae for the benefit of outsiders; and,
therefore, I offer a resolution rehovingthe Secre-
tary of War from answering certain parts of the
resolution to which I have alluded. The answer
would involve a great deal of labor and a great
expense in printing. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War need not answer so
much of certain resolution*, adopted on the 7th instant, le-
quiung liim to repoitto this Ifou^e the plan, See., ot the
Washington aqueduct, as is to be found m the following
wot da:
'• Dividing the line of the conduit in sections of about one
mile cach
•' Giving a detailed statement of all the estimated quanti-
ties and puces tor excavation of common earth, haid pan,
indurated ens th, quicksand, rock m op-.a canities or m tuu-
nels, for embankments baok-filhn? and puddling, for ina-
soniy of cut stone or hammei-dres^cd, ol nibble, concrete,
and blick masonn, and the estimated amount and puce-* of
all other piece- of woik, and al-*o tne co-t of engineering
and teupenntendenee; and, in a separate item, a contingent
.-urn to piovide for all unfotesecn expenses."
Mr. PRINGLE. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I give notice, then, that I shall
offer the resolution at some future time.
Mr. PRINGLE. The information is asked for
for the use of the House of Representatives.
Mr. SAPP. I call for the regular order of busi-
COjNTESTED-E LECTION CASES IN ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the following resolutions,
reported from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the Hon. ?. B.Fouke, who haspiesented
to this Huu>e his memorial claiming tor.'piesent the eighth
district ot the State of Illinois m the Tlnm-Fourlh Con-
gress. was not duly elected a-^ claimed bv him, and is not
entitled to a seat m this House; and that said seat is va-
cant.
Resolved, further. That the Speaker do notify the Gov-
ernor ot the State of Illinois that such vacancy exists; and
Resolved, J urther, That the t'leikofthis House be author-
ized to pay out of the contingent fund of this House to P.
l-S. Fouke, claiming a seat as a Representative of the eighth
congressional distnet of the State of Illinois, the UMial per
diem and mileage allowed to members of (?on<-iess, com-
puting the per diem from the date hereof only.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish, Mr. Speaker,
to occupy the attention of the House for a short
time in discussing the resolutions that have been
just read by the Clerk.
