138
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 3,
of them, if they see proper, to refer their claims
to the court; and, if the court assumes jurisdic-
tion, and presents the facts to the Senate, well
and good; we shall still have control over it; but
if the court declines jurisdiction, then I say the
argument with which we should otherwise be
met, and which would then be fatal to the ease,
■will have been destroyed. If the court decline
to take jurisdiction, and say that it is a case ap-
pealing to the equity and liberality of Congress,
we shall be properly entitled to come before this
body, and ask for compensation. Hence I say
the .question must be met by the court on some
case, and the sooner the question is determined
the better. If the court declines to decide the
cases, as a matter of course we must introduce a
bill appealing to the liberality of the two Houses
of Congress to pay the claimants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why can we not control
the matter of jurisdiction ourselves ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Perhaps we can do it;
but suppose we attempt to control it here, should
we not be met with the argument that it would
be proper to let the cases undergo the scrutiny of
the court, and have them submit the facts to the
Senate ? If, however, we make the effort to have
the court settle them, and the court declines juris-
diction, that argument will fall to the ground, and
an appeal will then be proper to the equity and
liberality of Congress. Hcnce, I say, the sooner
the question is met and decided the better. I
can see no earthly reason why these claims should
not be referred; and if, in the opinion of the
court, they have no jurisdiction over them, we
can brin°; them before Congress, and we shall
destroy the argument that would otherwise be
used against us, that we were skulking from an
investigation by the Court of Claims.
Mr. BROOKE AD. If that is the object of
passing this resolution, I have no objection to it;
but if the mere effect of reference is to confer
jurisdiction, it becomes a very questionable reso-
lution.
Mr FITZPATRICK. I wish to give them
all the power we can.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the object of this reso-
lution is only to confer jurisdiction in the three
cases mentioned in the law—those arising under
an act of Congress, under a regulation of an ex-
ecutive department, or under a contract, express
or implied—I have no objection to its passage.
The honorable Senator from Alabama says iie
wants this court to decide whether or not they
will assume jurisdiction. Why, sir, they will be
bound to assume jurisdiction, and to consider the
cases, if we refer them, in general terms, under
the last clause of the law conferring jurisdiction.
For this reason, if the resolution be so modified
as to confer jurisdiction in the three cases I have
named, I shall have no objection to it whatever.
Mr. THOMPSON, of .Kentucky. I have con-
sidered the question involved in this debate in
regard to its effect upon a few claims of my con-
stituents which have been confided to me, and I
will state tlie conclusion to which my mind has
come. 1 have supposed that, under the law, the
claimants themselves, or their attorneys or other
proper representatives, would take the respons-
ibility of determining the nature of their claims;
and if they were claims arising ex contractu, or
payable legally and equitably, as we lawyers say,
ex a'quo et bono, they would go directly to the
court; but if a claim were one appealing to the
generosity of Congress, (as a claim for a pension
for disabilities incurred in the service of the coun-
try,) the claimant would come here and present
his petition. If a private claim be one upon
which the Government is liable and could be
sued in a court of law or equity, if it were an
individual, then the claimant may go to the court.
All cases involvi)|fc breach of contract with an
ocean steamer, with a postmaster, with stage
contractors, or anything of a nature for which
the Government is responsible, properly should
go to the Court of Claims; but where tlie case is
that of a crippled soldier, who asks you to give
him something on an appeal to the generosity of
the country, I think it should be brought to our
notice. This is the distinction which I have
made.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, if I understand
the ground assumed by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, I deem it my duty as a mem-
ber of this body to say wherein I think that
Senator is wrong. I submit that the Senate can-
not determine the jurisdiction of the court; that is
a question which belongs to the court itself, and
cannot be determined elsewhere. The extent of
the jurisdiction is to be derived from an examin-
ation of the statute, and a decision as to its extent
must be made by the court, and by the court
alone. Now, sir, whilst I am willing to vote far
the resolution presented by the Senator from Ala-
bama, or for any other resolution of a similar char-
acter, I beg leave to call the attention of the
Senate to tne statute itself, and then to submit in
a very few words' my view of its character and
extent. The law provides:
" That a court shall be established to be called-a Court
of Claims, to consist of three judges, to be appointed by the
President by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and to hold their offices during good behavior; and the
said court shall hear and deteimine all claims founded upon
any law of Congiess, or upon any regulation of an execu-
tive department, or upon any contract, expiess or implied,
with the Government of the United States, which may be
suggested to it by a petition filed therein; and also all claims
which may be refcired to said couit by either House of
Congress."
In my opinion—and I only throw it out here
for the purpose of not being understood impliedly
as assenting to the doctrine of the Senator from
Pennsylvania—this last clause means all claims
referred to the court by cither House of a similar
nature to those described in the foregoing lan-
guage of the statute. I think the ground assumed
by the Senator from Maine on that point is the
only tenable ground, for that is the only charac-
ter of claims which a court of law or equity can
adjudicate and settle. The moment you go into
that class of cases which constitute a mere gra-
tuity, a court has nothing to do with them. There-
fore it is that, in my judgment, the concluding
language which I have read simply provides an-
other mode of getting a claim before the court.
One is by the petition of the claimant, and the
other is by a reference by either House of Con-
gress; but when the claim is sent there it will be
for the court to determine whether it is of such
a character as it has jurisdiction over.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It has been considered
that the judges of the Court of Claims are made
masters in chancery. They are to prepare the
cases for adjudication hqre. The proceeding be-
fore the court is adversary, the Government is
represented. The last clause conferring jurisdic-
tion was placed in the act for the purpose of
enabling either House of Congress to refer knotty
questions of fact for the purpose of being pre-
pared and digested by the court in such a form
as to enable us to decide them. In the three first
classes named they have jurisdiction without a
reference by either House of Congress; they as-
sume jurisdiction upon the petition of the claim-
ant himself; but either House may refer any
other claim. That I believe was the object in
preparing the act.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the construction
placed on the act by the Senator from Michigan
be the true one, there can be no injury done to
the public Treasury or to the individual claim-
ants by the passage of the resolution; butlhave
a few words to say upon that construction, be-
cause it seems to imply that we have not the
power underfte law to refer to the court any
other description of cases than those specifically
mentioned in the preceding clause of the act which
has been referred to. I should be very sorry if
that were true, because one of the evils which we
have found to exist here in the examination of
private claims—even in those cases appealing to
our generosity and discretion, in which our feel-
ings induce us so often to support them, though
not strictly bound to do so by any existing law
of Congress, or any act of the Government—is
in the'want of compibte proof on both sides. It
is in that very class of cases that we are liable to
be misled by the imperfections and the partial
nature of the proofs and representations that are
brought here. If we have not the power to
refer to this tribunal for investigation any other
cases besides the restricted classes contended for
by the Senator from Michigan, we shall find very
little relief in the establishment of the court from
the tax that has heretofore been imposed upon
the members of the committees of both Houses
of Congress, and the public Treasury will find
very little relief.
I have had my attention lately called to a very
extraordinary case, (I will not mention it,
because it has occurred to me that we are liable
to fall into such errors continually,) in which we
committed a gross error, because there was no
adverse interest in the preparation of the case
for our adjudication. There are many claims
which come within the equity of some law of
Congress, but yet where Congress is not bound
to make remuneration. The parties come here,
with their own representations, and with the
general recollections of partial witnesses, and we
are not only liable to commit error, but we act-
ually do frequently grant such claims to five-fold
the amount of what is actually due, or would be
found to be due if we had some tribunal to in-
vestigate the evidence upon which each of those
claims were founded, and to take adverse evi-
dence, and investigate the subject thoroughly. I
presume such an investigation is had before the
Court of Claims, for I suppose it is the duty of
the Solicitor of the Government, in all claims
preferred before that Court, to use his diligence
in ferreting out adverse testimony when he has
reason to suspect it may be found, or can exist.
There are many claims founded upon some
onler or action of the executive departments of
the Government, and yet not strictly within its
letter; and there may be appeals to our discretion
in such cases, though there be no actual obliga-
tion on Congress or on the Government to allow
them. We do frequently allow such cases as
though they came clearly within the letter of the
law, or of an executive order of the Government.
We frequently allow claims of this description
which, when they are afterwards investigated
thoroughly, and the real truth comes to be ascer-
tained, are found to have had 110 foundation. In-
justice is very often done by rejecting in toto
all such claims in consequence of the prejudice
created by the allowance of bad ones. In fact, if
either House of Congress had reasonable assur-
ance that proper proof was taken, exhibiting the
truth of the case on both sides, we should be at
once prepared to vote the amount really and bona
fiule due to the parties making the claim.
Then I should like to extend the jurisdiction
of the court to cover such cases, if it be the fact,
as I apprehend it is, that it is the duty of the
officers the Government has appointed to see that
justice be done to the Government before that
court—to hunt up adverse proof, where there is
any reasonable ground to suspect that it may be
had by due diligence. If it be not the fact that
there is such an obligation on the officers of the
Government, in the investigation of claims before
that court, it will be all abortive in the end.
Under the construction which gentlemen are con-
tending for, we shall be exposed to all the evils
and frauds to which we have been subjected ever
since I have been a member of Congress. I have
often had occasion to regret votes which I have
given in favor of private claims that have been
allowed, when, after further investigation, it hap-
pens to be brought to the notice of the public
that the claims had no foundation in fact. It is
because I supposed the establishment of the Court
of Claims would afford an opportunity to get a
full investigation on both sides, that I have con-
sidered it as likely to be of great use to the public.
If, however, its jurisdiction is to be limited in the
manner now contended for, it will be of very little
use, cxcept to present us eases in which there is
no dispute, and to have them adjudicated with more
dispatch than formerly; but that class of claims
is of small importance compared to the others.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is really no difficulty
about this question of jurisdiction. The court
itself has already decided it. I supposed that the
Senators who looked at the law, and were arguing
its construction, had heard of the decision, or I
should have before referred to it and stopped the
debate. Besides the enumerated heads of jurisdic-
tion, the court has determined that the reference of
a question to it by either House of Congress is a
distinct head of jurisdiction, subject of course to
some limitations such as that it shall be a judi-
cial question, and others named by the court.
There is, therefore, no necessity for this discus-
sion, and. there is no real difficulty about the
question.
The resolution was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages from the President of the
United States were received by the hands of
