THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fourtii Coxgrlss, 1st Session.
Mr. PHELPS, I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to permit me to submit a motion that the
House go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of consider-
ing the Senate amendments to the deficiency bill;
and, if he will also permit me, I will state to the
House in one minute the condition of the public
business. General debate on that deficiency bill
is concluded. There are some tiurty amendments
yet to be considered and acted upon in Commit-
tee of the Whole. On Tuesday next, by order
of this House, the annual appropriation bills are
made the special order of the day for three days
of each week, until they be disposed of. Conse-
quently, there will be no other time after this we«k,
except on Mondays, Fridays, and Saturdays of
ensuing weeks, to dispose of the deficiency bill.
I hope, therefore, that we will take it up now and
act upon it by general consent. I think, if we
now go into the Committee of the Whole on the
suite of the Union, we can dispose of the amend-
ments to the deficiency bill to-day and to-morrow.
Mr. HARRIS. I am content either way. If
it be the wish of the House that this question
now pending be postponed for the purpose of
going into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to dispose of the deficiency bill, I
am entirely content that it should take that course,
or I am willing to go on now, and dispose of the
question before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois will go on now, and make
Tits speech, so that the House may decide the
question this morning; and then we can go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PHELPS. And be in committee only
about an hour.
Mr. HARRIS. If there is to be a discussion
about it, I will claim my right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will proceed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The questions in-
volved in the resolutions reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections, and now before the House,
are, in my judgment, equal in importance to any
that have ever been presented in this House. If
gentlemen have not turned their attention to the
grave points presented, I hope they will do so
before they vote upon them. If the members of
this House decide that the sitting members are
entitled to their seats, they strike down by that
decision, not only the constitution-of the State
of Illinois, but the constitutions of one half of the
States of this Union.
I am ready to admit, that if the constitution
of the State of Illinois conflicts with that of the
United States, the latter is paramount, and the
former must give way; but I contend that there
is no conflict between the two, and that, by de-
ciding against the right of Messrs. Trumbull
and Marshall, (whom I shall call the sitting
members,) both constitutions may stand and be
in full force without any jar or discord. If both
seats are declared vacant, whether the contest-
ants are admitted or not, no violence will be done
to the Constitution of the United States; but by
admitting their rights, and excluding the contest-
ants, the constitution of the State of Illinois is
trampled under foot by this House.
It was remarked the other day, by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the ques-
tion here presented was the same as that lately
decided in the Senate, and that the House should
be satisfied by that decision. Sir, I am not willing
that any other body should decide an important
question for me. I want no officer, executive,
legislative or judicial, to determine how I shall
vote upon a question involving the rights of the
States of thisUnion. I lcnowitis much easier to let
others determine these questions, and then follow
their decisions, and their precedents, than it is to
thoroughly examine them for ourselves; and, if
the House shall decide against the provisions of
the constitution of my State, I shall conclude that
this easier method has been chosen rather than
the more laborious, but safer one, of investigating
it upon its merits.
55
MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1&5G.
New Series. .. .No. 55.
Now what are Ihe facts in the case ? I cannot
state them more clearly than they are presented
; m the proclamation of the Governor of Illinois,
which contains this statement:
i " In the eighth congressional district, Lyman Trumbull
received seven thousand nme hundred and seventeen
votes—*>aid Lyman Tiumhull having been, on tlie 7th day
of June, A. D. 1&/2, elected a judge of the supreme court of
tlie tftoto of Illinois toi tlie fiist grand division, and com-
missioned as such lor the term of nine yeat.s, fium tlie Sitii
clay of June, A. I). 1852, and was swojn and entered upon
the duties ot Ins office, which said teim being une\|)ued,
the Mud votes arc dechucd void by the iollovving piovtsiou
of the constitution of the State ol Illinois: 1 The judges of
1 the, supreme and circuit courts shall not be eligible to any
' other office ofpublic trust or profit in this State, or the United
' States, during the term for which they are elated, nor for
' one year thereafter. JIU votes for either of tfu'in Jor any
' elective office, (except that of judge of the supreme or circuit
i coiiit,) given by the General *issenibly, or the people} shall
'be voidPhilip B. Fouke received tive thousand three
hundred and six, and Nathaniel Bucknmster tour hundred
and twenty-lour votes, in said district, for member oi said
Congress.
" In the ninth congressional district, Samuel S. Marshall
received ei«ht thousand tour hundred and ninety-seven
vote*; said Samuel ri. Marshall having been, on the 10th
day of Mareli, A. D. 1&31, elected a judge of the cucuit
court of tlie State of Illinois* lor the twelfth judicial cir-
cuit, and commissioned as such fioin the26ili day of March,
A. D. 1851, and \vho-?e tenn of office will expire on The 3>t
Monday ol June, lb.)3, was .sworn arid entered upon the
duties of his office ; vviiicli said term beinj: unexpnod, the
s.ud votes aie, by the foregoing piovi^ion ot the constitution
of the; State of Illinois,declaied void. L. J. S. Tuim-y le-
ceivcd two thousand nine hundred and twelve votes, and
Dewitt C- Barber, one thousand two Uundied and seventy-
six votes, in siud district, for membei of &aid Congress.
(S In reference to the two last-mentioned distuctd, an
important ejuestion arises as to which of the persons voted
for is entitled to the office; and as the House of Kepiecent-
atives is the sole judge of the qualification of its members,
I will refrain fiom a decision of the question, but will give
the parties certificates stating all the tacts oi the case.
" J. A. MATTJSSON.
By the Governor:
" Alexander Starne, Secretary of State."
It is now contended that, as the Constitution
of the United States declares that4' no person shall
be a Representative who shall not have attained
the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years
a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in
which he shall be chosen"—that it thus prescribes
all the qualifications for a member of this House—
that the States cannot add to, or detract from,
them—and that a State has no power or right to
declare votes "void," if they are given for per-
sons so disqualified—and that, as a conscquence,
the constitution of the State of Illinois making
such provisions is, so far, of itself, null and
But it will be at once perceived, that the provision
i of the Federal Constitution just cited does not
I impose any limitations or restrictions upon the
States to add other qualifications, if they^ choose.
If it had been so intended, how easy it would
have been—how natural it would have been for
the framers of that instrument, who desired that
there should be no doubt or ambiguity as to its
import, to have said:
person may be a Representative who shall have at-
tained the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a
citizen of the United States, and who shall, when elected,
be a citizen of the United States."
This would have been clear and unequivocal.
It would have been shorter language and clear
from all doubt; yet the same construction is put
upon it in the form in which it exists—a con-
struction founded on inference alone. How vio-
lent, too, it is to draw such an inference when it
would have-been easier to have expressed such an
inference, than to have used the language actu-
, ally employed ! The truth is, the framers of the
| Constituton of the United States simply expressed
some qualifications which the members of this
House must possess, leaving the States to add
such others as they might deem necessary, so
they did not conflict with those which are made
by the Federal Constitution indispensable. ^
It will be observed that there arc two provisions
embraced in the constitution of Illinois—one de-
claring ineligibility in certain cases, and the other
declaring all votes given by the people for those
so declared ineligible to be void, or no votes. I
hold both provisions to be valid, and binding
uoon this House. I maintain that the whole
people of the State of Illinois have a right, in
framing their organic law—the very highest grade
of legislation, to determine the character of those
who shall represent her on this floor, (so their
character dors not conflict with that required by
the Federal Constitution,) and also to determine
what votes may be legally counted in any flec-
tion held within her borders. This latter is an
attribute of sovereignty, which if taken away
from the. States completely destroys their sov-
ereignty.
What, now, are the proper points of inquiry
to be made when the question of eligibility for
election arises in this House? The first 13, ia the
member whose right to a seat is questioned, of
the age of twenty-live years? has he been soven
years a citizen of the United States? and is lie au
inhabitant of the State from which he is chosen?
If these are answered in the affirmative, the next
is, is he elected in conformity with the electiou
lows of the State from which he comes? Has ho
received a majority of the legal votes, and the votes
legally to be counted, in his district? The organic
law of Illinois is ail elective law adopted by the
people of the State, ltdeclares all the votes cast
for the sitting members to be void; consequently,
they are not elected if the law is to be regarded;
and as the contestants did receive the highest
number of good votes—votes winch are entitled to
be counted—they arc elected. But it is objected
that the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that each House " shall bo the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." Granted; but how arc thoy to judge ?
Do you decide the validity of the "elections" by
the Constitution of the United States ? Do you
decide the "returns" by the Constitution of the
United Slates? Certainly not; but by reference
to the laws of the State trom which the election
comes. Then why rend the word " qualifica-
tions" from the context, and say that it must be
determined by the Constitution of the United
States, when you admit that the "elections" and
"returns" are not to be determined by that in-
strument? You must in all reason, in all fair-
ness, in all justice, decide all these questions by '
reference to the laws and regulations of the State
where the election was had. What authority or
what propriety is there for determining; "qualifi-
cations" by the Constitution of the United States
alone, when you decide the "elections" and the
" returns,"standmgupon both sidesof the " qual-
ifications," by a reference wholly outside of that
Constitution ?
Sir, there is no rule of construction that will
warrant such an application of this language. It
was intended by this provision, that while the
member elect should not have the disqualification:*
enumerated in the Constitution of the United
States, yet, when those are satisfied, the States
have the right to say who shall not as well as to
say who shall represent them in this body. But
in opposition to this doctrine you are compelled,
by inference alone—not by declaration—but l?y
inference alone, to say that no qualifications ca 
be required by the States of those who shall rep-
resent them here. But let us examine a little fur-
ther the proper construction of theseproviaions.
The proper rules of construction for the Consti-
tution of the United States are furnished us in the
ninth and tenth amendments to that instrument.
The ninth amendment declares that—
"The enumeration, in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained
by the people."
The tenth is in these words:
"The .powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
These great provisions are declared by Mr.
J efferson to be tne corner stones of .the Constitu-
tion; but instead of making them the head of the
corner; they are too often rejected by the builders
as not worthy of notice.
When, therefore, the Constitution declares
that a man must be twenty-five years of age, must
be an inhabitant of the State from which he comes,
