1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
mm
steamers of the United States Ste^n«hip
Company, the annulment of their contract for
cairymg the mail, and that the laws regulating
passenger ships may be rigidly enforced in respect
to that company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODHExVD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from the Wind Gap post
office to the Moorestown post office, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
ERRONEOUS REFERENCE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I introduced a bill a day
or two ago for the purpose of amending the law
providing for the payment of the California war
debt, and raovnd its reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs. 1 understand that, through
some mistake, or probably because I did not ex-
press myself very distinctly, the Secretary made
the reference to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The subject properly belongs to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I move that the reference
be changed accordingly.
Mr. WELLER. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor from Louisiana that he had better introduce
another copy of the bill this week. The bill has
been referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The chairman of that committee is absent; the
clerk is also absent; and the committee-room is
locked up.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will endeavor to have a
copy of the bill to-day, for the purpose of refer-
ence to the Military Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reference
of the bill will be changed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of R. P. Eldredge, reported a bill (S. No. 404)
for the relief of the officers and privates of the
Clinton Guards, of the county of Macomb, in the
Srate of Michigan; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. x
Mr. BiiNJAMlN", from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a memorial of
the Legislature of Louisiana, and a report of the
Secretary of War on the subject, reported a bill
(S. No. 403) to remove obstructions in the
Bayou Lafourche, Louisiana; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MASON asked, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to be discharged
from the furthor consideration of the bill (S. No.
75,) mnking compensation to George P. Marsh
for extraordinary services and expenses on a
special mission to the Greek Government, and for
negotiating a treaty between the Governments of
the United States and Persia, on the ground that
the subject had been already acted upon in a
different form.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
405) for carrying into effect the first article of the
treaty between the United States and her Majesty
the fclueen of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, of the 15th day of June,
1846; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ADAMS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
406) to revive and extend the provisions of an act
passed on the 24th of May, 1824, entitled "An
act for the relief of the representatives of John
Donelson, Stephen Heard, and others;" which
was read twice by-its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
f Mr. TOOMBS. 1 was not present, I think,
whfrn the Committee on Naval Affairs reported
j upon the case of Lieutenant W. A. Bartlett. One
of the committee told me that they did not report
in favor of printing all the evidence, but merely
an abstract. 1 move that the wihole report and
evidence be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection if it is
i desned, but I should prefer that the matter should
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not necessary to go to
the Committee on Printing. It forms part of the,
report, and the motion is not for extra numbers.
The motion to print was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MiVLLORY, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, accompanying the bil! to provide for
the regular transportation of the mail on the route between
Appalachicola and Bambridge, be printed.
LAKE HARBORS.
Mr. PUGH. I offer the following resolution.
I do not ask for its consideration at the present
time, but I ask that it may be printed:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether any general survey or oilier examination
has ever been made of the shores and islands of Lakes
Superior, AJichigan, Huron, St. Clair, Erie, Ontario, and
Champlam, with a view to the location and ercction of
light houses, buoys, harbors of refuge, or other improve-
ments lor the protection of vessels engaged in the naviga-
tion of tho-ie waters, and if so, to communicate the result
of such survey or other examination.
That the President be reque-ted to communicate also
whatever information can be denved from any of the De-
partments in reference to the following po nts :
First, The number and general description of vessels en-
gaged in the navigation of each lake ; the number of pas-
sengers and the value of the property so transported year
by year for the last eleven years; and the amount of duties
paid at each port during the same penod, or winch would
have been payable but for the piovisions of the late treaty
of reciprocity with the Biitish Amencan possessions.
Second, The number and locations of the lisht-houses,
buoys, harbors, and other improvements established by the
Government of the United States, and the amount expended
tor each improvement during the last eleven years.
That the President be requested 10 inform the Senate also
what additional improvement*, whether light-houses,
buoys, harbors of refuge, or of any other description, are
necessary, in his opinion, to protect the navigation of the
lakes above mentioned, at what places they ought to bo
erected, and, as far as possible, what should be the particular
description and expense of each improvement.
Also, m case the authorities or citizen* of any locality
upon either of the said lakes should undertake, or have
undeitaken, the erection of a harbor lor commercial pur-
poses, what proportion of the whole expense the Govern-
ment of the United States ought to pay, m Ins opinion, for
the establishment and maintenance of such harbor as a
harbor of refuge, and likewise by reason of the protection
thereby afforded to the vessels and property of the Govern-
ment, or with a view to the increase ot the public revenue.
Also, whether it is practicable, and in his opinion expe-
dient, to reserve annually a proportion of the duties levied
or chargeable at each port ot collection of the said lakes,
the same to he expended by the Government, or by the
local authorities, for the protection and improvement of
commerce at each of said ports and if so, what proportion
of the duties ought to he reseived
I shall ask the Senate on Monday, at half past
twelve o'clock, to consider the resolution. For
the present, I move that it he printed. I de-
sire this information to throw light on the ques-
tion, which has been debated for the last two or
three days m the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call tip the bill
(S. No. 327) to test the practicability ana useful-
ness of the atmospheric telegraph. I wish to di-
rect the attention of the Senate to it once more,
so that it may be acted upon. I desire to have it
disposed of.
Mr. MASON. I will say to the Senator, that
the bill in relation to guano, which was the un-
finished business of the day before yesterday, was
set specially for to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought that was to be
taken up at one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. No, sir. I hope the Senator
will allow the guano bill to be passed. It will
not take more than five minutes.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that is the order of busi-
ness, I shall not interfere with it. J withdraw
my proposition.
DISCOVERY OF GUANO ISLANDS.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 339) to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of the United
States who may discover deposits of guano.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question pending is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter.j
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine has
prepared an amendment which meets my views,
and is better than the one I otfored. I therefore
withdraw my amendment, m order that he may
offer his.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been looking at
this bill since it was postponed the other day. To
nay mind a portion pf the argument of the honor-
able Senator from New York [JVIr- Seward] is
hardly applicable tp the existing state of things.
The provisions of- the hill are predicated on two
ideas. The first is the encouragement of per&pn?
in searching for islands of this description. That,
the Senator remarks, must necessarily be a naatter
of risk, accompanied with considerable expense,
and people would not be likely to make these
experiments, expensive as they must bp, unless
some inducement were held out to them to
complish that purpose, such as the prospect of
a sufficient reward to remunerate them. Secondly-,
there must be a prospect of a reimbursement of
the necessary expenditures in preparing any
island or place that might be discovered in such
a manner that our fellow-citizens c.ould avail
themselves of the advantages of the discovery;
the necessary expenditures for making an estab-
lishment, for erecting houses, and preparing some
sort of a railroad communication, and wharves, or
piers, in order to effect a safe and rapid deliyery
of the article itself to the ships.
Now, in regard to the first suggestion made by
the honorable Senator from New York, it is mani-
fest, from what has been stated here, that that
does not exist. This bill is to be passed, in fact,
in reference to an existing discovery. Certain
i persons, accidentally as it is said, have discovered
1 a very valuable guano island, and are in posses-
j sion of the secret, and they do not wish to sur-
j ren.der that secret unless they can be compensated
i therefor by being allowed the exclusive right to
j occupy the island for the purpose of takingguano,
| either in perpetuity, or for a certain number of
! years. We have, then, to consider, not-any
particular risk th^t has heretofore been run, but
simply the necessity that these persons would be
under of making provision for the occupation of
the island, and the delivery of the article. I ad-
mit that will be attended with some expense—not
a very large expense, however, because it is well
known that the mere getting of the articlc from
the island after the preparations are made is com-
paratively nothing. The digging of the article is
easy, and costs comparatively nothing. If this is
a small island, such as is described—I believe two
miles long, and half a mile wide, [Mr. Fish.
Seven miles long]—the only expense would be
the construction of a communication to facilitate
delivery at the shore, and the building of a wharf
or pier for the purpose of puttingit on shipboard.
I do not think that would be very great. At the
same time, it is said that this island probably
contains guano enough to supply the country for
a century.
It must be perfectly manifest that, if we secure
these persons in the exclusive right to deliver this
article for a certain length of time, or for an in-
definite time, subject to the tontrol of Congress,
we do all for them that we are bound to do, and
all that can be necessary abundantly to remuner-
ate them for the purpose of securing the benefits
of the discovery to this country.
There are some provisions in the bill which I
think might be altered to advantage. In the first
place, I think the price is too high. If the island
is such as is represented, and if the quality is such
as is supposed, it must be clear, considering the
extraordinary price of Peruvian guano, that the
call for this article will be very large indeed, and
the amount delivered with any reasonable facili-
ties must be very great. The article itself costs
nothing: it is only the facilities for delivery that
cost anything. I believe that, if the price were
fixed at one half that stated in the bill, it would
be amply sufficient to remunerate these persons
richly for any expenditures they may incur. I
reason simply from the nature of things, because
we have no positive evidence on the subject, and
can have none.
Again, the bill provides for the delivery of the
guano in two ways: either in its bed, to be taken
by the individual purchaser to his ship, or along-
side the vessel. I think it is best to make a
single provision, and make it incumbent to de-
liver all alongside the vessel; because, if you say
it may be delivered in its bed, as these parties
have the exclusive right to the occupation of the
island and all the facilities of delivery, you put it
in their power to tax the purchaser just what
they please for the facilities afforded to him to get it
to the shore and put it on board*his vessel. If,
however, you make it incumbent on them to
