ISO
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Cadwalader.
Ho. of Reps.
States, which the Constitution purports to secure.
Of the sixty or seventy States of which our
Union ought, by the proper fulfillment of these
conditions, to be composed, the greater number
by far must, even under circumstances the most
favorable to the southern portion of our country,
become non-slaveholding States. Through the
operation in part of climate, in part of social af-
finities and in part of political causes whose effect
has already been determined, it appears inevitable
that the number of non-slaveholding States will—
in the proportion of nearly two to one—exceed that
of the slaveholding. With a view to this inevit-
able future, does the chairman of the Committee
on Territories expect the peace and harmony of
our Union to be preserved, unless the future legis-
lation of the country can be conducted on the
principles recommended in the President's mes-
sage, with a just regard to the rights of such of
our sister States as are thus destined to find them-
selves permanently in a minority; and who, for
purposes of self-protection, must naturally look
with jealous anxiety upon every exercise of
doubtful powers, and every unnecessary exercise
of acknowledged powers, by a dominant ma-
jority ?
As I am not disposed to look upon the dark
side of the picture, I have no serious fears of the
future. But, deplorable indeed would be the con-
templation of the future, if our administrative
statesmen were to exercise the functions of gov-
ernment in that retrogressive order which we
have witnessed in the discussion of to-day; con-
tenting themselves with dwelling upon the mem-
ory of small things of the past, instead of con-
sidering the great exigencies of the future. "We
may hope that the Committee on Territories, not-
withstanding their chairman's unpromising pref- ,
ace of their future works, will be duly sensible \
of the paramount importance of providing for the
feneraJ interest, in view of these great exigencies. >
lut, as their chairman has occupied the attention
of the committee in the contemplation of by-gone
events only, and as he has not, even in thus
dwelling upon the past, manifested an accurate
knowledge of the history of the former legislation ,
of the United States upon the subject of slavery
in the Territories, I propose to devote the residue
of the hour allotted to me by the rule of the
House to reviewing briefly the history of this
legislation so far as may be necessary for the de-
velopment of the leading moral and political prin-
ciples which have constituted its foundation.
The ultimate practical proposition which I de-
sire to state as the result to which my remarks will
tend, is, that when, after the treaty of 1848 with
Mexico, it became incumbent on the Congress of
the United States to legislate as to our possessions
acquired under that treaty, there was a moral and
political necessity to choose between two alterna-
tives. One alternative Was to extend to the Pacific
ocean the line of the so-called Missouri restriction;
thus making the latitude of 36^30' the division be-
tween the non-slaveholding and the slaveholding
territories on both sides of the Rocky mountains.
The other alternative was to regard the restriction
as wholly abrogated and annulled eastward as
well as westward of the Rocky mountains. To
state the proposition more briefly, in another form:
Justice required that the restriction should not be
maintained eastward of those mountainsifit could
not be extended westward of them to the Pacific
ocean.
A preliminary proposition of feet, established,
as I think, by the legislation of whieh I desire to
present a connected review, is, that the United
States, in exercising their duty to legislate for the
Territories as the commoq property of the several
States held in trust for their common benefit, have
regarded the term " common benefit "as admitting
of a twofold application, or definition, so far as the
subject of slavery was involved. According to the
less complex ana less questionable of these defini-
tions the trust might be fulfilled by abstaining
wholly from legislation on the subject of slavery
during the territorial condition of the country.
According to the other definition, if a partition of
the territory between the slaveholding and the non-
slaveholding population were required in order to
promote the common benefit, and such a partition
could be carried into effect in a manner mutuully
byiefici#!, the power of making it might be
exercised by the United States. The territorial
settlers would, in either case, be at liberty, by
their constitutions when framed, to regulate the
! subject of slavery definitively for themselves.
During their territorial condition, unless a par-
tition of the Territory mutually beneficial could
be effected, Congress has abstained from legisla-
tive interference with the subject. Many states-
men of the highest eminence nave denied—many
others have doubted—the constitutional power to
make an effectual partition of this character. On J
the other side of the question, some of our dis-
tinguished statesmen have always contended that
Congress has the constitutional power to exclude
slavery absolutely from all the Territories. A
large number of those who. have recognized the
existence of this supposed legal power of total ex-
clusion, have, however, admitted that the power
could not be rightfully exercised; conceding that
a fraudulent abuse of such a power would be com-
mitted in any exercise of it for the benefit of the
proprietary owners of one portion of the Territory
to the total exclusion of the proprietors of the
other portion. The same reasoning would re-
cognize the immorality and injustice of an un-
equal or disproportional partition. These were
abstract questions, upon which statesmen have
differed, and may continue to differ. But, as a
practical truth, it will be shown before I have
concluded my remarks, that no act of legislation
has ever been passed upon the principle of total
exclusion of the people of the slaveholding States
from the enjoyment of their property in slaves
within the Territories. Until after the treaty with
Mexico in 1848, there had never been any legis-
lation for the partial exclusion of this property
upon any principle other than that of a partition
mutually beneficial. An apprehension in the
minds of the people of the slaveholding States,
that a departure from this principle had been
threatened by the legislation of1850, was removed,
and their minds were quieted by the salutary
legislation of 1854. i
In matters of statesmanship it is often unwise
to play the part of mere lawyers. We should,
of course, never violate the law. But the question
of right is often quite independent of that of legal
power. It is by no means true that every power
which can be lawfully exercised may be rightfully
exercised. There is nothing in the Constitution
to prevent the Government of the United States
from wrongfully exercising many most pernicious
powers. Their exercise, even against the spirit
of the Constitution, might be within the scope ;
of the powers which the Constitution itself con- ,
fers. _ A standing army of a million of men can
be raised under an act of Congress in time of j
peace; and if the soldiers be not quartered on the I!
inhabitants, the act would be lawful under the
Constitution. Yet it would be manifestly against
the spirit of the Constitution. No lawyer would
question its validity; but an honest statesman
would revolt at its iniquity, and might counsel
revolution as preferable to submission. So, if
we look merely to decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, a corporate body of specu-
lators, under the name of a bank, may be consti-
tuted by Congress the fiscal agents of our Govern-
ment. But no American statesman of the present
day—whatever may be his opinion on the legal
question—contends that the fiscal power of the
State can be rightfully placed, in this manner, for a
number of years, beyond the control of those
organs of government whose authority is depend- I,
entupon the exercise of the elective franchise in the i j
several States, and whose functions are determined : 1
by the Constitution. These examples, which might 1
be multiplied, suffice to show the inclusiveness
of the general reasoning of those who assume i
that whatever is legal is, therefore, necessarily !
rightful in a moral or a political point of view,' j
and of the reasoning in particular of those who,
conceiving the total exclusion of slaves from the j i
Territories to be lawful, assume th^such exclu-
sion is, therefore, necessarily rightful.
Before concluding my remarks I hope to show
that such total exclusion would not only be im-
moral and unjust, but would likewise, in a legal
sense, be unconstitutional. I postpone for the
present this demonstration, because it may be
made incidentally during the historical review of
the past legislation which I propose to present. I
Before entering upon these historical details, I
desire to state succinctly the reasoningupon which
many statesmen who think the constitutional
power of Congress over the Territories limited by
the trust under which they are held for the com-
j mon benefit of the several States, are neverthe-
less of opinion that legislation whieh in effect
divides the Territories between the people of the
non-slaveholding and those of the slaveholding
! States, is consistent with, and authorized by, this
trust. Their argument has been, that any terri-
! torial possessions, owned in common by private
or by public proprietors, may be enjoyed for their
common and mutual benefit in either of two modes:
firstly, may be held in common and undivided,
with an equal participation by every owner in all
the parts; secondly, maybe justly and equitably
divided by a partition. Some, who professedly
were strict constructionists, stated the question to
be, primarily, whether, in parceling out our Ter-
ritories for the common benefit, they could be
enjoyed in common without a relative, if not an
absolute, necessity of making a partition. It was,
they said, a lamentable truth, but a truth which
no man could venture to deny, that the slave-
holding and the non-slaveholding population could
not coexist cohveniently, if at all, under one and
the same local government. Upon this allegation
they based their argument, that without a partition
there could be no practical equal participation in
the benefits derivable from our ownership of these
territorial dependencies.
On the one hand, the incompatibility of any
prosperous coexistence of the two kinds of popu-
lation under the same local government, was fully
acknowledged before our Constitution was framed,
and at the time of its formation. It has been re-
cognized ever since, and, as we cannot but fear,
must continue to be acknowledged until after the
condition of the Territories, with reference to this
question, shall have been permanently determined,
and placed beyond the range of any possible con-
gressional action. These considerations of rela-
tive necessity go very far to sustain the argu-
ment in favor of an inherent power in the General
Government to make a partition of the territorial
dependencies. On the other hand, in support of the
opposing argument, it has been urged that, accord-
ing to sound political rules of construction of the
Constitution, a power not expressly given can-
not,"from any relative or even absolute necessity,
be implied; and that this, as a power, arising from
implication alone, must, therefore, be excluded.
By the legislation of Congress in 1850 and
1854, the question is rendered practically obso-
lete, except as its investigation may shea light,
historically, upon prior constitutional provisions
and legislative enactments. A recurrence to the
subject is however indispensable in every stage
of this historical investigation.
The difficulty which such a partition might be
expected to remove occurred upon the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States. It was
remedied, as I will hereafter show, by means of
a partition made, we may say,cotemporaneously
with the adoption of the Constitution. After the
lapse of nearly the third of a century, the diffi-
culty recurred as to the territory ceded by Prance.
After controversial agitation, an attempt was
made to remedy it by means of a partition of this
territory. This was a partition peculiar in its
character, to which I will have occasion likewise
to refer again. After another interval of a quarter
of a century, in order to prevent a like difficulty
from occurring in the case of Texas, there was
an extension of the supposed principle of the '
former partition. The principle of these acts was
clearly that each successive new acquisition of
territory should be shared with as close an ap-
proximation to equal or proportional benefit to
the different sections of the Union as might, under
the circumstances, be practicable.
The mode in which the partitions had been suc-
cessively made, was always, in form and in
effect, beneficial to the non-slaveholding States.
From one portion of the territory slavery was, in
each case, by the language of the law, excluded
absolutely, while slavery was to exist in the
other portion, or to be excluded from it, as its
inhabitants might constitutionally determine.
After the Mexican war, an attempt was unsuc-
cessfully made to apply again the principleof these
