1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
him, or any data given in figures, by which he
was enabled to fix, or endeavored to fix, the sum
named in the billr These are matters which are
founded on calculations. Mercantile men can
show at once whatnumberof laborers they would
have to employ, and what would be the cost of a
certain thing-, and their calculation would be un-
doubtedly liberal. If the Senator has any data
of that description, I should like to hear them,
because I am as willing as anybody else to pay
any price that will accomplish the purpose.
Mr. MASON. There were no calculations
before the Committee on Foreign Relations when
this bill was prepared, except such as were con-
jectural on the part of those who were inter-
ested in the work. Upon that subject, I confess
I thought the estimate which they had placed on
the probable cost of the labor was far less than
they would realize when they came to employ it.
According; to my impression, it was supposed by
them that labor could be procured there from
this country, that the young men of this country
would be induced to go there and remain tem-
porarily on that island, and labor at twenty dollars
per month, being maintained while they were
there, and having a small interest, if necessary—
hardly an appreciable interest—in the results of
their labor. That was one estimate; but I con-
fess it struck me as being highly chimerical; for
I do not know the people of any portion of this
country who could be induced to leave the United
States, and go to labor on that island, at twenty
dollars a month, in that most odious of all mate-
rials for labor, when they could realize more at
home than twenty dollars a month, if they had
the ordinary skill and intelligence and thrift that
belong to our people.
I say to the Senator, then, that the committee
had very small materials to go upon; and I take
it for granted, that the company who are inter-
ested in this matter, and who make the proposi-
tions to Congress, are themselves, so far as X
know, in a state of conjecture as to what it will
cost for labor. They estimate, but estimate very
roughly. What their docks, and their wharf, j
and their artificial harbors, and their railroad, j
and their structures, and tools will cost, they can <
approximate and approximate only; but the cost
of labor is at last that which is to be the great
element of price, and about it they are necessarily
uninformed.
It has seemed to me, in considering this sub-
ject, looking at the remoteness of the place and
the necessity of providing machinery of some
sort to facilitate this labor and produce the largest
results, tliat it will be found impracticable for the
ship's crew to become their own porters, and de-
liver the guano to their own vessels, and it will
become necessary to devolve on the company the
labor of providing means for doing it. I thought
at the same time that it was safer to leave it at
the option of the ship-owners either to become
their own porters or to obtain the delivery by
means of labor furnished there as proposed in the
bill. The bill proposes to allow a certain sum,
six dollars a ton, as a seigniorage if they are their
own porters, and ten dollars if it is delivered on
board ship.
While we were thus necessarily at sea, (keep-
ing always in view, as I have kept in view, an
earnest desire by means of this bill to stimulate
that enterprise, to lead those who have it in
charge to carry it out,) I thought there was no
risk, or rather there was perfect safety, in giving
them, by the provisions of this bill, what might j
be found hereafter more than an adequate rcmu- j
neration to stimulate the enterprise at the outset, !
and get it under way and plant it, when we re- !
serve to ourselves in the bill the right to regulate i
it hereafter as we may think proper. My fear is, J
that if the amendment proposed by the Senator j
from Maine be adopted, it will dull the edge of'
enterprise to such an extent that the enterprise
will fall through or go into other hands.
It is no small matter to send a body of adven-
turers at a distance of two thousand miles from
home to inhabit an island which furnishes noth-
ing in the world but protection from the sea
around, which furnishes 110 supplies either animal
or vegetable, or even water*, and unless the enter-
prise is stimulated at least by the hopes of high
profits for the time, it will fall and die away. I
prefer, therefore, that the bill should be retained
in its present form, with the guarantees which
are around it. There is already a provision, as
the Senator will see, in the second section of the
committee's bill, that the parties shall deliver the
guano " to citizens of the United States, at said
islands, rocks, or keys, until otherwise provided
or regulated by law, at a price not exceeding,"
&c.
I had intended to conciliate opinions, and to
propose still further to amend the bill of the com-
mittee in the second section, by inserting this pro-
viso:
cc That guano shall be sold or delivered from said islands
only for consumption in the United States; and Congress
may hereafter regulate by law, at its discretion, everything
concerning the sale and delivery thereof."
I thought that would throw it entirely under
the control of Congress in the most ample man-
ner to provide future security, if future security
should be found necessary.
The amendment of the Senator from Maine,
as I understood it, provides that,
il Said discoverer or di^covorors, or their assigns, being
citizens of the United States, may be allowed, at the pleas-
ure of Congress, the exclusive right of ocenpjmg the
islands tor the purpo?-e of obtaining guano, and deliveung
it to the citizens of the United States for the purpose of
being used therein."
Would not this cut off all but the citizens of
the United States from the carrying trade? That,
I suppose, is not the object of the Senator. Our
treaties with most of the commercial nations
provide that they shall participate with us in the
carrying trade, on the same terms as our own
citizens; and if these islands become a part of
the United States, that would be in violation of
those treaties. But, aside from that, it should
certainly be our object, in my judgment, if we
have it in our power, to limit the use of this
guano to such carriers as could be found in the
United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am notable
to give my assentto the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Maine, because my
mind is impressed with the conviction that it pro-
ceeds from a jealousy which, however wise under
ordinary circumstances, is 111 this case directly in
its tendency to subvert the objects of the bill. I
think, also, that it is founded upon a misappre-
hension of the facts, and an assumption of facts
which are not sustained. In the first piace, the
honorable Senator starts out in his argument with
the assumption, that the guano islands are already
discovered to which this bill is to apply, and that
nothing is necessary but to provide for the admin-
istration of the Government 111 regard to them,
while there is no object in any future discovery.
Why, sir, if guano costs us now from fifty
to sixty dollars a ton, the discovery of these
islands, which is supposed to have been made,
will be but slightly effective in reducing the cost
of that fertilizer as a general article of merchan-
dise throughout the woiid. We want for the
use of the United States, not only the use of the
discoveries which have been actually made, but
also to stimulate such further discoveries as the
interests of the country, and I may say the inter-
ests of mankind, require. It would be unphilo-
sophical to assume, that all the guano deposits m
the world have been already discovered. On the
contrary, it is most philosophical to assume that
there are numerous deposits yet unknown, and
that the Government should wisely make its
efforts to bring them to light.
But there is another important clement in this
question, which is, that the use of guano as a fer-
tilizer is only recent; that it is practically as yet
only local; and that its great utility and value
commend it to introduction throughout all the
civilized world. We are, therefore, to expect a
continually increased demand; while, by the pol-
icy which suggests this amendment, we are to
restrict the supply. Sir, it would be unfortunate
to kill tjiis goose in the endeavor to save for our
citizens or ourselves the golden egg which it is pre-
pared tolay. Wcought,therefore, to be sohberal,
at least, as to secure the immediate practical occu-
pation and use of the islands, and to stimulate the
search for more. Cananyperson deny that posi-
tion ? I think not.
Then the honorable Senator assumes that five
dollars a ton is a sufficient compensation for the i
removal of the guano from its native bed to the j
shipboard. He gives us  I
Mr. WELLER. I am sorry to interrupt the j
Senator from New York; but 1 believe the morn- !
ing hour has expired, and I am very anxious that
the Senate should go on with the internal improve-
ment bills which were under discussion yester-
day, or with the Pacific railroad. I prefer that
they should take up the railroad bill, of course.
This subject will come up again in the morning-
hour of to-morrow, and I hope we shall dispose
of it then.
Mr. SEWARD. I am under the direction of
the Senate.
Mr. MASON. This measure is one of great
moment to the agricultural and planting States.
I think we can be done with it in a few minutes.
I know of no amendment but the one pending. -
Mr. SEWARD. I have but a few words to say.
Mr. WELLER. This subject is of much less
importance than the Pacific railroad. I do not
know whether it is of any importance except to
one portion of the Union—to the worn-out lands
of Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland.
Mr. MASON. The Senator has not paid at-
tention to the use of guano, or he would not make
that remark.
^ Mr. WELLER. I have paid as much atten-
tion to that as the Senator has to the Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
excuse me I will draw my remarks to a close in
a few minutes. The honorable Senator from
Maine is assuming that five dollars would be suffi-
cient compensation. On that subject there is
substantially no evidence; we have none; he has
none. It is entirely arbitrary, it seems to me, to
assume five dollars as sufficient. Opposed to
that, my information is, that the cost of remov-
ing the article from the deposit, and placingit on
board ship at the Peruvian islands, is seven dol-
lars.
If this information be true, which I state on
the authority of those who have examined the
subject, the discoverers of this island, if obliged
to furnish the guano at five dollars a ton, would
do it at a loss of two dollars, besides all their labor
and expenses. I think it is a mistake, therefore,
to suppose that you can assume five dollars: while
the principles which govern commerce and regu-
late industry are such that, if you adopt the min-
imum which is proposed by the bill, you secure
that object.
Mr. President, the world has never been in-
jured, if I recollect aright, by excessive liberality
on the part of nations to discoverers and to in-
ventors. On the other hand, I thirik the prog-
ress of society has been injured by the exercise
of too great jealousy, by nations and monarchs,
in restricting and embarrassing discovery. This
continent was offered in market by Columbus to
at least five of the Powers of Europe before it
found a purchaser; and ail the world agrees that
Spain was not too liberal to the discoverer in the
appropriation she made for that purpose. We
are in danger of erring on the wrong side.
As I promised to bring my remarks to a close,
I will barely add that there is another statement
of my fiicnd from Maine which is erroneous,
namely, that here are deposits of guano enough
to last a hundred years. As 1 understand, there
has never been a survey of the islands which
have been discovered, and itis not known whether
there are three hundred and fifty thousand or
three millions of tons. The thing is entirely un-
certain and unknown. So it is uncertain whether
there is guano enough to supply the market for
one hundred years, or whether the supply will
be limited to five years. If our observations in
regard to the other islands which furnish this
fertilizer be correct, they warrant us in believing
that the newly-discovered deposits are much
smaller than the honorable Senator supposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This subject is of sufficient
importance to make it the duty of every gentle-
man, who has given the slightest attention to it,
to communicate to the Senate what he may hap-
pen to know in regard to it. I have given some
attention to it within the last two years, and I
desire to make a few observations upon the policy
of the bill, and upon the propriety of adopting
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
I believe, sir, that the consumption of guano in
the United States is something between one hun-
dred and one hundred and fifty thousand tons at
the present time.
Mr. PEARCE. It was one hundred and eighty
thousand tons last year.
