868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
rogatory addressed to me by the gentleman from
North Carolina. The gentleman from Illinois
has this morning presented the claims of the con-
testant, and no speech has been made in reply, in
support of the position taken by the Committee
of Elections. X think, therefore, there should be
no objection to moving the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. 1 merely wish
to make this remark. I had not the slightest ex-
pectation that this report would come up for dis-
cussion this morning. I came into the Hall while
my colleague [Mr. Harris] was proceeding with
his remarks. I do not know how long he had
occupied the floor at that time. In regard to the
action of the House I care nothing about discuss-
ing the question at all; but as it is a matter in
which the people of the State of Illinois feel a
good deal of interest, and as my colleague, who
is my political and personal friend, has advoca-
ted views and doctrines which, in my view, are
radically erroneous*, contrary to the fundamental
principles of our Government, and anti-Demo-
cratic in their tendencies—doctrines which, if
adopted into the policy of this Government, will
lead to the most fatal consequences, I would like,
if it be the pleasure of the House, when the
speech of my colleague shall have been published,
to ha.ve an opportunity of replying to his remarks.
But if the House wish to dispose of this question
now, I shall not interpose any objection, but
would like their consent to publish my reply with
the proceedings of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With a view
of ascertaining the sense of the Home upon the
question of terminating this debate, 1 move tho
previous question.
The previous question was seconded. :
Mr. WASHBUR]NTE, of Illinois. As the pre- ■
vious question has been seconded, and the vole is
aboutto be taken, t think the House should accede
to the request of my colleague [Mr. Marshall] '
that he have liberty to publish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear any
objection made to the proposition of the gentle-
man, and considered it as acceded to by the
House. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers
on ordering the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Demver
and Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken; and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put, the tellers having
reported—ayes 70, noes 55.
_ Mr. JONES. I ask for a division of the ques- !
tion, so that the question will be first taken on
the first two resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The question then will be
first on the first and second resolutions.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows;
Resolred, That tile Hon. P. IS. Fouke, ivho has prevented
to this House Itismemorial t'lmnuucrto lepreK'iit tin* eiehtii
eoiii'rf'—Muin] distiiet of tlu: State ut" [llmoi:, m 'ii< Ti/mr-
Fourtli Cnngrc-w, wai not dnlv elected, a« churned by huh.
and is not entitled to a .-.e;;t m tin.- IXuu^e; and that said
>'e;it is vacant.
Resolved, farther, That tile Bpeakei do notify the Gov-
ernor of the 8tate of niinui.i that said vacancy exists.
Mr. W^As]SHBUX£N, of Maine. I supposed !
that those resolutions had been postponed, and .!
that the question was now on the resolutions in '!
reference to the case of Mr. Marshall, of Illi- j
Tto'lS. J
The SPEAKER. The resolutions reported !
are the ones now before the House. < j
Mr. QUITMAN. I demand the veas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. i j
The question was taken on the first an d second !
resolutions; and it was decided in die affirmative '
—yeas 125, nays 5; as follows: !
YEAS—Me>-srs. Albright, Allen, Ball. Barclay. Bell, Ben- '
son, Bliss. Bococlc, Boycc, lirenton, Crooks Broom. Buf- \
fmton, Burhngame. Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Camp- !
bell. Garble. Caratherc. Oaskie, Chaffee liavnrH riirir !
Ezra Claik. dawson, Colfax, Covode, Oox, Cra"iu C'r'avv-
foul, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson, Ilemv Wneer Davis '
Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, llodd, Dowdell. Duties Elliott' !
hmne, E«-tis, trans. Faulkner, Flaglci, Giddine* Gilbert' !
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Augustus llan llaikm t' i
Mornson Hams, Ilavcn, Hoffman, Ilollowav. Thomas J! I
Ilorton, Hughston, Geoiite W. Jones, Keiley, Kelscy, Ken- '
nottj knapp, Km«tit, Knovvlion, Knox, Kunkoi Lake
Lumpkin, Maee,liumphiev Mutliall. Mattfson. Maxwell' 1 i
Meacham, Smith Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan Mott'
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver. Orr, Paine Pel'
ton, ferry, i'ettit, Phelps, Porter, Povvell.'Prin«le, Purveir
Rptlrlr ^ 1
bott, Tappan, Thurston, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Valk, YVakem<tn. YValdron, Walker, Warner, Ellilm
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wclch, Whit-
ney, Williams, Wood, Woodiuff, YVoodworth, John V.
Wright, and Zollicolfer—135.
N" AYS—Messrs. Ifendley S. Bennett, Thomas L. Harris,
| Peck, Quitman, and Shorter—5.
So the resolutions were agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BARKSD ALE said: Mr, Speaker, Thave
paired olf with Mr. Leiter. I would have voted
for the resolutions.
Mr. BISHOP stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Vail.
Mr. CRAIGrE (when his name was called)
said: The Committee of Elections have refused
to report the facts in this case, and I therefore
decline voting.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am much in the situa-
tion of my friend from North Carolina. I do not
know the facts of this case sufficiently to enable
me to vote intelligently, and I therefore seize the
opportunity to state that I have paired off with
Mr. Horton, of Ohio.
Mr. McMULLIN. I decline to vote on this
question. I am not sufficiently informed of the
facts, to vote as the importance of the case de-
mands.
Mr. QJJITMAN. The call for the previous
question prevented me from expressing my opin-
ions on this subject; and, as I am decidedly of the
opinion that wo are establishing a dangerous pie-
j ccdent, I record my vote in the negative to express
| my views, which I intended to have done on the
i floor in some remarks.
i Mr. RUFFIN. I am-not sufficiently informed
f of the facts of the case, and not satisfied as to the
( law, and I therefore decline voting.
| Th  question recurred upon the third resolution,
I which was read as follows:
| Resolved further, That the Clerk of this Hous^ be author-
; izod to pay out of the contingent fund of the House, to P.
1 J>. Touke, claiming a seat as Representative of the eighth
conu'U"-sional distnct of the Slate of Illinois, the u^ual per
dieuiHud mileage allowed to ineinbersofCongiess, compu-
ting the per diem, 1'rotn the date heieof only.
Mr. FLAGLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 64; as follows: j
YEAS — Messrs. Allen. Rarelav, Bell, Hendlev S. Ben- ■
ii"tt, Unison, flroom, Buffiiiton, Biirlingame, James II.
( anipbeli, Caiuther-i, jRuyuiti Glaik, Ezra Clink, dawson,
C<<II<1A', Covodn, Henry Winter Dan-'. Dean, DoiM, Elliott,
I'l.lpfiii.m SHillmw* - .1     <> i. *
1'lorr-nee, Gilbert, Greenwood, AupMus Hall, Harlan'
Tli'ima; L. Ham-. Haven, Hallovvay, Tnomas R. Hoi ton,
flucii^ton, Kf'lly, Kelspy, Kennett. Knapp, Knt^hf. Knowl-
Keade, Ready, Ricaud, Ri'tchic, i^bcrtaVsabm^eaEe^bapp'
imons, William Smith, Wiiham R. :
Scott, Sewaid, Simmons, „W1*IU almul „imam k.
Smitli, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahnii, Swnpe, Tal-
linn,Tiatton, Tyson, Wakeman, Walker, lililiu B. Wash
li.nne, I-mol WaiJitmin, Watson, Wlutney, Williams,
v\ ooiUtirr, and Woodwoith—70.
NAYrf —Messrs. Albnslit, Ball,Bocock,liovee.Brcnton, '
I,rooks, Buniett, John P. Campbell, Ca kie", WilJi.nnson
Cobb, Cox, <.'t'II'io. Ciavvl'oul, Cumback, Daime!!,
Davidson, ll.iv, Denver, Dick. Doivdell, Enmc, Evans
1' fiiilkncr, Flagler, Cooile, J. Morri-on Harris. Holfinan!
Uen.ee Ur. Jones. Lindley, Lumpkin, Millward, Mooie,
M.iiu'.nl, -Uott, Muriay, Nichols, Andievv Olivfr, Psrae, '
Pli";p-. Pike, Tuiyear, Reade. Eeadv. Uicaud, Ruffin, Ha>n\
t-.ipi., Sewaid, Simmons, Sueed, "t'albott, Tapnan, Thurs-
ton. Tnppc, Underwood, Valk, Wade, YVnldion, Warner,
C'.ul'.valaJer C. Washbmne, Wheeler, WuibIow, Joan V.
V, it:he and Zollieofler—64.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll, '
Mr. i'XjOREXCE said: Perhaps it is well
enough to say that, upon questions involving any
doubts, I have to refer to a gentleman from Ohio,
a eolleagm^of the gentleman with whom I have
paired otf. That ffentleman thinking that his col-
league and myself would probably agree upon this
qufs'ioii, releases me from my obligation not to
vot'". and, theretore, behoving that I shall commit
r'° breach of my agreement, I vote in the affirm- 1
ative. i
iilr. CARLILE said: I do not vote tipon this ■
question, as I have paired off with Mr. Shorter. 1
He would have voted in the affirmative, and I in
the negative. ;■
Mr. MARSHA LL, of Illinois, said: Inasmuch ,i
as I am interested in similar questions before the
Hous:', 1 decline to vote, for reasons obvious to /
the House. I could not vote one way or the |!
other without having my motives liable to misrep- d
l-escntation. ■{(
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re- 1
consider the votes by which the resolutions were !
adopted, and also moved to lav the motion to I
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. "WASHBURN. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri will give way until the other elec-
tion case is disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. Discussion may arise, and the
whole day may be consumed thereby.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the House shall decide
to take up the other case, I will move the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I will give way.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the resolutions reported from the Committee
of Elections, which will be read by the Clerk.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
: I Rnolred, That in the matter of the memorial of L. Jay
j S. Turney, claiming to rep resent the nintli congressional
' | district in ihe State of Illinois, the said Turnev is not en-
; titled to repiesent said distiict, and that Bamu'el S. Mar-
shall, tile sitting member, was duly elected, and is entitled
, to hold said scat.
1 Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized to
I pay out of the contingent fnnd of this House to L. Jay S.
■ j Turney, claiming a scat as Representative of the ninth Con-
I gressioiial di-trict of the State of Illinois, the usual per
i diem and mileage allowed to members of Congress, com-
j puting the per diem to the date hereof only.
' j Mr. "WASHBURN. I call for the previous
: question upon the passage of the resolutions.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
| main question was ordered to be put.
j Mr. CARLILE. I ask for a division of the
,! question, so that the vote shall be taken separ-
:J atcly upon the two resolutions. I also demand
j the yeas and nays upon the second resolution,
j The SPEAKER. The question will be divided.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
i] the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
II The veas and nays were not ordered.
j Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. The first resolu-
; tion contains two disnnct propositions; and I ask
; that it may be divided, so that a separate vote
| may first be taken upon the first part of the reso-
■ | lution, as follows:
i Resolved, That in the matter of the memorial ofL- Jay
, S. Turnej-, claiming to represent the ninth congressional
i district m the State of Illinois, that the said Turney is not
! entitled to represent said district;
| And then upon the balance of the resolutions
as follows:
And that Samuel S. Marshall, the pitting member, was
duly elected, and is entitled to hold said seat.
, The SPEAKER. The resolution will be di-
1 vidf'd, as requested.
| The question was then taken separately on the
i two branches of the first resolution; and they
were severally agreed to.
The question recurring upon the second reso-
lution, it was taken; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 80, noes 45.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the votes by which the resolutions wero
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table, which latter motion was
! airreed to.
i D
| MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
I A message in writing was received from the
, President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
j stek, his Private Secretary.
j EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
! The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States to
the Senate and House of Representatives, com-
i municating, for the consideration of Congress,
copies of conditional contracts caused to be ex-
' ocuted for two sites, with buildings thereon, for
! the accommodation of the courts of the United
States for the district of Maryland, and for a
: post office at Baltimore; together with the plans
and estimates for fitting up and furnishing the
1 same; which was referred to the Committee on
1 the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President to the
House ot Representatives, transmitting-, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of the 4th
instant, a report from the Secretaiy of State,
with a copy of a dispatch dated 29th October,
1855, from the Minister resident at .Naples, re-
lating to the saving from shipwreck of certain
American vessels and their crews; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
