mm
THE CONORESHPONAIi GLOBE.
July 24 
Mr. BENJ AMIN. There is no doubt whatever,
that with a reduced rate of compensation it would
very soon reach three hundred thousand, four
hundred thousand, or probably five hundred thou-
sand tons per annum; the only practical limit to
the quantity consumed being the amount of ship-
ping that can be devoted to its transportation.
The usual rate for carrying a ton of guano from
the Pacific ocean to our Atlantic sea-board, has
been from twenty to twenty-five dollars a ton—
twenty-five dollars being considered a high price,
or it was so considered at the time when 1 made
my investigation. Everything over that is the
cost of the guano and of delivering it on board
the vessel, if, therefore, the Peruvian Govern-
ment conducted its own operations with that
knowledge of business and regard to economy
which characterize our race, it could very readily
afford to sell its guano at thirty-five dollars a ton,
and derive as large a benefit from it as it now de-
rives by selling it at fifty dollars in this market.
The Senator from Maine objects to that provis-
ion of the bill which provides for discrimination
between the guano as delivered on board the ves-
sel by the discoverer, and the guano as delivered
by the men who go to seek it in its native bed.
I think upon a little reflection the Senator will be
inclined to withdraw his objection to that dis-
crimination. It is quite a mistake to suppose
that, in all cases, wfyrks will be necessary for the
purpose of taking fiie guano on board vessels.
There is no reason for supposing the deposits to
be far in the interior. Deposits of this kind are
now generally ascertained to be, not simply de-
posits made from birds, as was formerly sup-
posed, but also tiie remnants of sea animals—of
seals, sea-lions, and animals of that kind, who
die on shore. That is also connected with the
exuvta of birds of all kinds. Those deposits are
as often found upon the sea-shore as in the in-
terior; and the question, whether or not any works
are required for the delivery of guano on board
the vessels, cannot be determined a priori. It
depends upon the nature of the shore. It may
be a bold shore, with a capacity for vessels to
anchor close up to the bank, where the seamen on
board could very readily shovel the guano into
the vessel. It may be a shelving shore, with the
deposits m the interior, requiring works of differ-
ent kinds to get the guano to the vessel.
Of all these facts we are ignorant. Still, I think
it would be nothing more than sound policy to
provide in the bill a discrimination between the
price of the guano to be delivered by the discov-
erers, if they go to the cost of digging it, and
bringing it to tiie vessel, and the price at which
it is to be delivered to persons who may think
proper to dig it for themselves, tf the guano is
found on ti bold shore, with a good utichoiagc,
where a vessel may approach closely,and where
the guano can almost be shoveled into the vessel
from its deposit, the vessels will go there with
their crews, and shovel it in. and take it off m
bulk. If it is far in the interior, it will be deliv-
ered in sacks and tubs. All these are matters to
be determined by the nature of the locality, and
particularly by the nature of the facilities offered
by the water around the island. I think, there-
fore, it would be wise and judicious to preserve
in the bill a limit at which the guano is to be
furnished by the discoverers, if taken by those
who go m search of it, and dug and loaded by
themselves.
Now, sir, if we are to anticipate a supply of
guano at the rate of several hundred thousand
tons in this country, and at prices vso far below
what Peru charges as to give the discoverers of
these islands a practical monopoly of the supply
of our market, I ask what more ample, what more
enoimous fortune could beasked by thesudiscov-
erers than the right to charge three dollars a ton
to vessels who may go and dig the deposit and
parry it away. If two hundred thousand or three
hundred thousand tons be furnished to the coun-
try, ihat price would afford §600,000 or $900,000
pei annum as seigniorage, to pay for permission
to take the guano, it strikes nte that for guano
delivered under these circumstances, three dollars
a ton would be an ample price; but 1 do not agree
wuli the Senator from Maine, that five dollars
a ton would he at all adequate where the guano
is delivered by the discoverers on shipboard.
On thai pom? I think the Senator from Virginia
Is entirely right. We arc un&hle at present to
appreciate the cost whicK will be attendant upon
the delivery under those circumstanccs. As he
has stated, the cost attendant upon the establish-
ment of structures for the shelter of laborers, the
supply of water and of fuel at such an enormous
distance, is exceedingly difficult of calculation in
advance.
It has suggested itself to my mind, on reflecting
over the provisions of this bill, that a wiser pro-
vision than any attempt now to fix any specific rate
at which guano should be delivered by the discov-
erers, would be to leave that matter in the discretion
of one of the Executive Departments, allowing the
discoverers to charge a profit of one dollar per ton
over and above the cost of labor and delivery.
That is to say, my proposition would be—I sub-
mit it with great diffidence—to allow three dollars
per ton for the guano taken in situ without any
cost to the discoverers; and then to make further
provision, that where the discoverers shall have
made the necessary preparation for the delivery of !
the guano, and shall have furnished the necessary j
and proper proofs to one of our Departments—
say the State or Treasury Department, I care not
which—of the cost which actually accrues to
them m digging the guano and delivering it along
side the vessel, they should he allowed one dol-
lar a ton advance on that cost as a profit, besides
the three dollars for the guano. In that way the
price of the guano would go on gradually dimin-
ishing, because the expenses of delivering itwould
by degrees diminish, as experience Would furnish
devices by which it could be at a cheaper rate
dug* up and delivered on boaid the vessels. But
to fix now, arbitrarily, by a mere guess, the
prices at which the guano should be delivered
after being dug out and prepared for delivery on
board vessels, it strikes mo is a species of legis-
lation which is unworthy the wisdom of the Sen-
ate. I think a provision of the kind which I have
suggested would be much more judicious and apt
to lead to much more practical results. If prep-
arations arc made to deliver the guano, it strikes
me that one dollar per ton profit on the expense
of delivering it, would be enough. I cannot think
it would cost anything like seven dollars a ton,
under proper management, to deliver it; but if the
guano there is worth three dollars m the bed, then
allow the discoverers one dollar a ton profit on the
costof delivenngit; butfix the price of guano first,
if taken in situ. Three dollars a ton appears to
me an ample price for that. Then allow them
one dollar profit on the cost of delivery, which
would make four dollars for every ton they deliv-
ered clear profit, and three dollars a ton for every
ton taken out of the bed clear profit.
Under these circumstances, my impression is,
that the revenues of a company organized on
such a basis would amount to at least $1,000,000
per annum; and surely this is no niggardly re-
ward for an accidental discovery of that kind.
Mr. MASON. I listened with greatattention,
and with instruction, to the views presented by
the Senator from Louisiana. It may be, and
probably will be, if this enterprise matures, and
there is brought m the large quantity that doubt-
less will be brought in if it is found accessible,
and of good quality, that m the course of one
year, or two years at furthest, when the thing
develops itself, we shall find it advisable and
necessary to mature some plan of remunerating
the discoverers by a bare seigniorage m the form
which the Senator suggests — a dollar a ton, or
half a dollar a ton, or whatever may be found
right — in the legislation that must necessarily
ensue if this turns out to be anything more than
a barren experiment. But at present, I should
be exceedingly reluctant to run any risk of losing
the whole object by cutting too close now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not propose one dol-
j lar per ton as seigniorage. I propose that they
j receive three dollars a ton for the guano, and a
! dollar profit on the cost of delivery, making four
dollars a ton on what they deliver, clear profit,
and three dollars a ton on what may be taken in
situ,
■ Mr. MASON. To ascertain the amount of
; delivery would take more machinery than we
' can devise in our present state of infoimation. 1
cannot conceive any ill result that will follow by
the stimulant which the bill offers, and which, I
ought to say, is much less than the company at
first thought would be necessary to enable them
to carry on their enterprise. It has been mate-
rially reduced; but if it can be done, I see no
ill results to happen for the first year or two, and
it will be perfectly competent for Congress—and
Congress registers in this bill the purpose—to
mature the measure at a future day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection which I
stated, and to which the Senator from New York
has adverted, with reference to the fact that this
was not an island to be discovered, was rather
to the mode of his argument than as applicable
to any discovery to be made hereafter. My idea
was, that, in order to induce us to pass this bill,-
which in reality is intended only to apply at the
present time to an actual discovery, the Senator
had made use of an argument tending to convey
the idea to the Senate that the island was yet to
be discovered, and that the cost and risk of the
discovery were to be included in our calculations
as to the proper amount to be granted. That
might do very well in regard to the discoveries
hereafter to be made, if the bill essayed to ben-
efit the country by encouraging such efforts; but
it does not apply to them. If that argument is
to have any effect in relation to the subject, I
should wish this bill to stand alone in reference
to the discovery actually made, and have another
bill introduced to encourage attempts to make
further discoveries hereafter.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has ob-
jected to my amendment that it will interfere with
our treaties in reference to the carrying trade.
Not at all. The amendment does not provide in
what vessels the guano shall be carried, but to
whom it shall be sold. The provision is that it
may be sold and delivered to citizens of the
United States; and the citizcns of the United
States may have it carried in any vessels they
please. There is no trouble about that.
Now, sir, in regard to ^he price, as I stated
before, I am not at all strenuous on that point. I
made only a rough calculation that we might at
least safely suppose that one hundred thousand
tons would be sold in the course of the first year,
and at five dollars a ton, the receipts would be
half a million dollars merely for delivering the
article at the island. I supposed that would
fuinish ample remuneration. Even for the first
year after they get into operation, they will have
half a million of dollars to repay them for their
expenditures and for their labor, which labor,
although expensive individually, will not make a
very large amount. This was my rough calcu-
lation, and I made it bccause these gentlemen
had presented none, but were merely telling us,
through the mouths of Senators, large and indefi-
nite stories. I supposed the half million of dol-
lars which they would receive for the first year's
operations, subject to increase, would unquestion-
ably remunerate them for trying the experiment.
I am of that opinion now. Still, I am perfectly
willing to amend my amendment by leaving the
amount blank, and letting the Senate fill the blank
as it pleases, having the question first taken on
the largest amount. If it be preferred, I have no
objection to trying the question in that form. I
still believe that it would be better to make 'only
one provision for price, and that is for the price
when delivered on ship-board. Why? If we
provide that it shall be at a certain rate m the bed,
and at a certain other rate when delivered on board,
gentlemen will sec that the purchasers would be
left entirely at the mercy of the company. They
would be compelled to take it in that mode in
which it was most profitable to the seller to dis-
pose of it. If, for instance, they could make
more money by delivering it, they would merely
say to purchasers, " take it at your option, but
take it at such a place." They would point at
the place, and the island would not be leftopento
the purchaser.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By what right would they
point out the place ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they have an
exclusive right to take it from the whole island,
' and they would exercise their authority over any
I ship's crew that might go there. They propose
j to collect their duties by force, I presume. They
j do not require that we should subject the ves-
sels to any penalty, any forfeiture, or libel, or
I anything of that kind, for not paying the duty.
; They are to regulate the matter; and being in pos-
| session of the island, they would point out the
I place where the article was to be taken; and if it
! were more profitable to them to deliver it on ship-
