1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
board, they would deliver it; and if the purchaser
was compelled to avail himself of their improve-
ments m order to get it on shipboard, they would
dictate the terms. I apprehend it would be, as it
always is in similar matters, in the power of the
seller to compel the purchaser to take it in the
mode suggested by the seller.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana has
suggested that you may leave it to one of the
Departments to fix the piice. That, in my judg-
ment, is impracticable. He proposes that it shall
be left to one of the Departments to fix the price
on the returns and statementg of these parties as
to their expenses and the cost of getting the article.
"We all know how loosely such statements are
made up.
That provision would leave the Departments
to depend entirely on the representations of the
persons interested, without any mode of correct-
ing them. We know that a man unacquainted
"With the affairs of a railroad company, for exam-
ple, might take up their annual reports, and he
could tell nothing of their business from them.
The same thing would hold here. The provision
Would lead to infinite confusion, and establish
nothing.
My idea is to fix a price—a liberal price—for
the purpose of furnishing the country; to make
it imperative on these gentlemen who take this
right to deliver the article alongside the vessel at
a fixed rate. Let that rate be enough to cover
their expenses, whatever they may be, so as to
give them ample remuneration. I think five
dollars a ton would be sufficient, but I am not
strenuous about that. With the system of labor
"Which we have in this country, I agree with the
Senator from Louisiana, that if the statement
made by the Senator from New York, as to the
cost to the Peruvian Government of delivering
guano at their Islands—seven dollars a ton—be
correct, the price would be materially reduced
here. 1 do not believe that the cost would be
anything like that. "If that is the cost there, it
is owing to the fact that, when a Government
undertakes to do a thing of this kind, and with
such laborers as are found in those regions, the
expense is more than it ought to be.
I have made this proposition, not from any
sort of feeling in this matter, because the only
disposition I have is to facilitate it, and make it
practicable and beneficial, if possible. If my
amendment is not calculated to accomplish the
object, I hope the Senate will not adopt it. I
have no pride about it. I am willing to agree to
vary the price so as to conform to the opinion of
the Senate as to what is proper. I have inserted
five dollars, because my judgment has led me
to the conclusion that that will afford sufficient
remuneration, I can, however, strike out the
same, and leave it blank, and let the Senate fill
the blank before they proceed to vote on the
amendment itself. I have no objection to pursue
that course, if it be thought proper.
Mr. MASON. 1 wish only to state a single
fact to show what are the hazards, delays, and
risks that ncccssarily attend upon an enterprise
of this character. 1 am informed that a ship
was sent out, 1 think from the port of New Lon-
don, in the month of August last, equipped to I
bring home a load of guano from that island. I
The month of August of this year has nearly i
•arrived, and that ship has not yet been heaid of. t
A clipper schooner was sent out from San Fran-1
cisco, last December, and brought back £t small
quantity of guano. The ship had not arrived
there when she left. The United States ship In-
dependence sailed, under command of Commo-
dore Mervin, under the orders of the Govern-
ment, in December last, to visit that island, and
she has not yet returned. Unless there are
strong inducements offered m the commencement
to these gentlemen to embark in the enterprise, I
am afraid it will fail.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I find that I differ from
"all the gentlemen who have expressed an opin-
ion on the subjcct of price. To conform to what
seems to be the more general impression, I mod-
ify my amendment by striking out u five dollars,"
and inserting " eight dollars," so as to make the
price " eigjt dollars" a ton.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment, by inserting, after the words, " eight
dollars a ton for the best quality," the words, "or
four dollars a ton in its native place of depost."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The substitute of the Committee on Foreign
Relations as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading* and was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. This bill has been so much
amended, that I do not understand exactly its
provisions. It is a long bill; and I ask that it
may now be read as amended, so that we may
understand what it is.
The Secretary read it as amended.
The bill was passed.
MILWAUKEE HARBOR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now befoie the Senate,
being the bill (S. No. 92) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin. Yesterday, on taking the question upon the
engrossment of this bill, there was no quorum
present. The question now is, " Shall the bill be
engrossed and read the third time? "
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know what
is the amount of the appropriation and the con-
dition of the woik, and whether it has been
recommended by anybody hut the committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amount appropriated by.the
bill is $17,500.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know whether
any heads of Departments have recommended it ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Ben jaimii, Biijler, Bright, Cass, Clayton, Coi-
lumer, Dodge, Duikee, i'V^^nden, Fish, Foot, Foster,
Geyer, HamJm, James, Johnson. Jone* o{ Iowa, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, Welier. Wi!>on, and Wright—06.
NAYS—Mc^rs. Adam*, Bi<™=, Brodliead. Clay, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Iverson, Masion, ltcid, and Toombs—10
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
HARBOR AT KALAMAZOO RIVER.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 37) making an appropria-
tion for the construction of a harbor at the mouth
of Kalamazoo river, in the State of Michigan.
It provides for the appropriation of $50,000,
for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Kalamazoo river, in the State of Michigan, to
be expended under the direction of the War
Department. The Secretary of War is to let the
contract for the construction of the harbor to
such person or persons as he shall think proper,
who will agree to complete it for the amount ap-
propriated, with such sureties, and accoiding to
such plan, as shall be approved by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill; and they were
ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to say anything
upon the merits of this particular bill, because it
is pretty much of the same character with many
others which we have passed, and I know it is
utterly idle to oppose any of them; but 1 wish
to sustain some assertions which I made yester-
day, and which were at that time disputed. The
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
took issue with me as to the relative amount pro-
posed to be appropriated to the State of Michigan.
I have since examined the matter, and find that,
at the time when I prepared the statistics which
I furnished to the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] I was correct. At that time more than
twenty-five per cent, of the entne amount of
over two million one hundred thousand dollars,
proposed to be appropriated m the several bills,
was for the improvement of harbors and other
water courses m the State of Michigan. The
amount at the time was over five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars. I find now that it has been
somewhat reduced. It is five hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars; and the aggregate amount
of'appropriations under these several bills has
been -increased to three million dollars. At thfa
time the amount which is sought to be appropri-
ated for the State of Michig&n ekceedk twenty
per cent, of the :e tire amount 'proposed to be
appropriated.
Now, sir, I want to call the "attention df'tfe
Senate and the country to what Would "Seem ib
be, prtotiafacie,'a very partial distribution of the
revenues of the country, for internal frftprbve-
irients. I find that under these bills it is proposed
to Appropriate to the six northwestern Stated
$944,085, which is upwards Of thirty-one per
cent, of the entire aggregate of the bills which
have been reported to the Senate. I find that the
five Senators of the Comitiittee on Commerce,
who disagree with me as:to the expediency and
constitutionality bf thesfemesteurefc, fetve reported
bills for the benefit of their particular localities,
amounting in the aggregateto $1,568,000; which
is'upwards of fifty per cent, of the entire'sum pro-
posed to be appropriated. Thus it appeals'that
their'peculiar localities are tile chief beneficiaries
of the bounties of the Government. Their'States
are to realize more than fifty per cent, of the entire
sum which we Are now called upon to appropriate; ••
I said yesterday that I did not believe the com-
mittee had ever reported against any bill referred
to them during this Congress; and I commend
this to the consideration of the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] who, as I understood,
said he would take the reports of the committee
on trust, and votefor'Whate'ver they recommended.
I have since investigated the 'matter, and I "am
prepared now to assert that they have reported
m fa:v6r of every bill -which has been referred to
them—numbering more than fifty. They have
not reported adversely as to one of them. I am
prepared to go further, and state that, on exam-
ination, I find that they reported in favor of every
improvement which was referred to them for
consideration during the last Congress. I must
explain this. It Would appear, on examining the
records, thatl was incoriect in this assertion. It
is true, they reported against some bills which
were referred; but it will bo found that they after-
wards reported ageneral bill,incorporating every
individual appropriation which had been proposed
in any bill referred to them. They reported
against individual bills, not because they disap-
proved of the particular appropriation, but 'be-
cause they were in favor of a general "system, and
they did not wish to-give any preference to par-
ticular localities.
Now, the Senate aftd the country may consider
whether the committee have indicated any wij&j
discrimination in the appropriation of the pub l>
moneys for internal improvements—whether they
have shown any regard for principle, or for policy
in the administration of the revenues of the Gov-
ernment. I do not'stand up here to censure them;
but I must say that, with the evidence we have
before us, it is perfectly manifest that there is
no latitude by which their opinion of the powers
of the Government, or the expediency of these
works, is to be measured. They go for all. I
think it should at least serve to admonish us
whither we are tending, when we find that every
bill which has been referred to this committee for
the improvement of a river or a harbor, during
two successive Congresses, has been recom-
mended for the adoption of the Senate; and they
have been recommended orally, without any-
written or oral report, setting forth the necessity
for, or uses of, the work. This is all 1 have to
say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed to call the roll on the engrossment
of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Cass, Clayton, CoHamer, Dodge,
Douglas, Durkce, F^ssenden, Foot, Foster, Tamos, John-
son.'Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Seward, Trumbull, Wade,
Witeon. and Wright—22. .
NAYS—jVfca&rfc. Adams, Biggs, Clay, Fitzpatnek. Ham-
lin, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, Iteid, and Toombs,
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
SOUTH BLACK RIVER.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the bill (S. No.
38) making an appropriation for the construction
of a harbor at the mouth of South Black river, ia
