134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Crawford.
Ho. of Reps.
the cession by France, to a positive restoration
in these Territories of the institution of slavery
as it had existed in the French colony, of which
they had been a portion. If this effect had re-
sulted from the act, the settlement of Nebraska
•would have been injuriously retarded. This
might not have been the case to the same extent
in Kansas. The difficulty was removed by the
proposal of a Senator from a slaveholding State,
adopted by the votes of southern as well as
northern Senators and Representatives, to intro-
duce into the bill a provision that nothing con-
tained in it should be construed to revive or put
in force, in either Territory, any law or regulation
that may have existed before the date of the Mis-
souri restriction—protecting, establishing, pro-
hibi&ig, or abolishing slavery. With this pro-
viso the act was passed.
Some critical objectors have suggested that this
act was founded on the principle of what they call
squatter sovereignty. This term, when applied to
the administration of the organized government
of a Territory, has no proper practical meaning.
Those who thus misapply the term, treat the
Territories as underlings of the British Board of
Trade, and some of the superiors of the Board,
were, before the Declaration of Independence, in
the habit of treating the governments of the Amer-
ican Colonies. Adventurers who assume to ex-
ercise political or proprietary rights independently
of any recognized organization of government,
may be denominated squatters. But the denom-
ination is not applicable to settlers under the ju-
risdiction of an organized government, merely
because it is a government of a delegated or sub-
ordinate character, or because the settlers are ori-
ginally few in number.
The organization of these governments had
already been too long delayed. The paths of
great avenues leading westward in the direction
of the Pacific ocean were to be laid out within
and across their borders. Other circumstances
indicated the necessity of expediting their organ-
ization. There were, it is true, but few settlers
already within their limits. The r,eason was,
that pioneers who desire to make permanent and
useful settlements in the wilderness, are not, at
the present day, willing to cross the frontier until
they are assured of the protection and security
of a regularly organized government. They com-
pose a class of men altogether different from those
of a former generation, who were, less improp-
erly perhaps, denominated squatters. There are
now very few squatters upon any part of this !
continent. A majority of the men of the last j
-Congress were practically conversant with the J
Subject of the settlement of the Territories.
They knew that thousands, ready to become set-
tlers, had long been waiting to cross the line of
these Territories, until their governments were
organized. They knew that these men were not
of a class to become squatters, but that they
would never enter the Territories until they would
he at liberty, when there, to enjoy the blessings
of self-government, to such reasonable extent, at
least, as might enable them to regulate their own
domestic institutions, without congressional con-
trol or interference.
The whole of what is now comprised under the
names of Kansas and Nebraska had, until 1854,
been regarded as a single Territory, and had
borne the name of Nebraska. The present chair-
man of the Committee on Territories compl&ins
because, in that year, Kansas was carved out of
this Territory and separately organized. His com-
plaint is two-fold: first, that the whole of this
vast country was not organized under a single
territorial government; next, that if two such
governments were organized, the line between
them was not the Platte river instead of the par-
allel of latitude of 40©. To this two-fold com-
plaint there is a ready answer. The portion of
the Territory lying southward of 40O was the
only portion in which slaveholding emigrants
could find suitable sites for settlement. Between
40° and the latitude of the southern boundary,
slavery already existed in Missouri, Virginia,
Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware. North of
40° no slaveholder could have been expected to
establish himself. We have already seen that if
the whole had formed a single Territory, the area
of the portion to the northward of 40° would
have been about four times that of the portion
to the southward. Such an organization would
have been a fraud upon the slaveholding States.
Emigrants from their country would inevitably
have been outnumbered by a majority from the
non-slaveholding country.
Should Kansas become a slaveholding Terri-
tory, and ultimately be divided into two or three
slaveholding States, Nebraska and Minnesota
must nevertheless be divided into ten or eleven
non-slaveholding States. It should be our hope and
prayer, that these future States may be organized
in such a manner that theirinhabitants may retain
the good-will and fellowship of the people of the
slaveholding States, and maintain the stability of
the Union. What is our security for the pres-
ervation of the Union in peace and harmony, when
the chairman of the Committee on Territories
| designates legislation by which the principles of
' the Constitution are honestly carried into effect, a
conspiracy against freedom ? What would be our
security, if a majority of both Houses of Congress
were to sympathize with his slanderous insinua-
tions against an honored President of the United
States, for carrying out and sustaining the consti-
tutional rights of the slaveholding portion of our
Union ? Are we to see the policy upon which our
progress has hitherto depended abandoned, under
a suggestion that all which tends to secure a com-
mon right of enjoyment of property to all sections
of the Union alike is a conspiracy against freedom ?
Those impracticable casuists and those trans-
cendental optimists, who, in a mad crusade
against slavery, would violate the guarantees
of the Constitution, and wholly disregard obliga-
tions of comity between the confederated sover-
eignties of our Union, are happily few in number
i and feeble in influence. This was at the last
j presidential election attested by the votes of
twenty-seven of the thirty-one States cast in
condemnation of their pernicious dogmas, as it
will again in like manner be attested before the
close of the present year. Their force, composed
in part of intriguing demagogues who take ad-
vantage of every passing opportunity to inflame
the passions of the hour for the promotion of
their selfish political designs, is also composed in
part of innocently-disposed citizens who are im- i
perfectly instructed in the principles of our con- J
stitutional frame of Government. The latter class, j
acting under mistaken ideas of benevolence, may
be the more easily excused because the frame-
work of this Government is, of necessity, very
complicated, from the inherent difficulties of a
system under which several sovereignties are, for
specified purposes only, united into one, and are, j
for all other purposes, as distinct and independent
as if no such union had been formed. Circum- J
stances, however, from time to time compel every
citizen to picture to his mind the state of things [
which would exist if there were no constitutional
union of the States. Let these casuists and tran-
scendentalists then suppose, under such a state I
of things, the case of a proposal to form a confed-
eration of the States for certain limited purposes,
recognized by all as mutually beneficial, but upon
a condition that the subject of slavery be placed
beyond the control of tne proposed united gov-
ernment. They will then less imperfectly under-
stand the position which was occupied by the
framers of our present Constitution, and will be
less unable to comprehend the principle of non-
intervention with slavery, which they now incon-
siderately condemn. They will then understand j
that if there were no Constitution, they would be
incapable, as they now are, of intervening to alter
the condition of slaves within a State; incapable,
as they now are, of preventing the slaveholder
from emigrating with his slaves to unoccupied
wilds beyond the borders of the States; incapable
of preventing him from making and maintaining
settlements there, and from participating in the
establishment of permanent local institutions on
all domestic subjects. Those who cannot under-
stand that the settler from a slaveholding State
must then be able to participate with his fellow-
settlers from non-slavehol&ng States in the local
establishment or the local exclusion of domestic
servitude as one of these institutions, must have
been entranced and led captive, not by the force
of reason, but by such eloquence as that of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, and
his associates in the crusade against constitutional
rights, which would overwhelm these most sa-
cred rights, if a remedy could not be found in the
exercise of the elective franchise.
KANSAS CONTESTED-ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. M. J. CRAWFORD,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 10, 1856,
In opposition to the Resolution reported by a majority of the
Committee ol" Elections, asking power to send for per-
sons and papers in the Kansas Contested-Election case.
Mr. CRAWFORD said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire the indulgence of the
House for a short time, to discuss the resolution
submitted by a majority of the Committee of
Elections. It is not my purpose, sir, at thia time,
to travel beyond what may be legitimately and
properly said in reference to the question now
before the House, which I do not think involves
the necessity of a range of argument by any means
extensive; but, on the contrary, is prescribed to
a limit somewhat contracted. It is true, sir, that
I should like at this time to give expression to
my views in regard to other matters concerning
Kansas; but I am precluded from doing so by a
propriety which suggests that I should confine
myself strictly to the subject-matter which is now
under consideration.
A majority of the Committee of Elections have
submitted a report concerning the Kansas con-
j tested election, and have offered, in conclusion,
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election ease from the Territory of Kansas, be, and
are hereby, empowered tosend forpersons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, to be able to satisfy every
fair and just-thinking man upon this floor, that
we ought not to adopt this resolution; that there
is not the slightest necessity for the testimony it
' proposes to empower the committee to take; and
that there does not exist a just reason for its pas-
sage. I address myself to" the gentlemen on the
other side of the House, and request their atten-
tion to my remarks in support of the position
which I have taken—remarks which are made
with some pleasure, for the reason that there are
many gentlemen who would be pleased, I have no
doubt, to hear this matter fully discussed, and to
support and maintain truth and law where clearly
and satisfactorily established.
Why has this resolution been reported ? The
object, as aHeged, is, to procure testimony to settle
the; question as to which of these parties, the
sitting Delegate from Kansas or the contestant,
is entitled to the seat.
The purpose of testimony is always to elicit the
truth in regard to a certain state of facts asserted
upon the one side, find denied upon the. other.
These facts are always asserted by the party
moving, or the actor in any proceeding which he
may attempt to setup or sustain. And just here
it is proper to say, that a party coming into a
court or deliberative assembly must come assert-
ing some clear legal right which is withheld from
him, or demanding redress for some wrong which
he has suffered.
Now, sir, let us examine the state of facts as-
serted by the contestant who moves in the sub-
ject-matter under consideration,and who is bound
not only to show that the sitting Delegate is not
entitled to the seat he occupies, but further, that
he himself is the only proper party authorized to
fill it.
Perhaps it may be well to examine this point,
as there may be some doubts entertained by gen-
tlemen as to its soundness. Suppose that an action
of ejectment were commenced in a court of jus-
tice forthe recovery of real estate, and the plaintiff
should assert that the defendant is in possession
of property to which he has no title,not pretend-
ing, however, that he has any legal title in it him-
self, merely asserting that it is not in the defend-
ant; or suppose that an action of trover were
commenced, and the plaintiff should assert that
the defendant was in possession of personal prop-
