870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. ORR proceeded. I move to amend, by i! by the committee is, that only §3,000 is now
striking out "$3,000" and inserting " §4,000.
I do it for the purpose of stating the situation of
this question, as I understand it, and of eliciting,
if I can, some information in reference to it. it
seems that the Senate have proposed to appro-
priate $G.OOO for the use of the Court of Claims.
But the Committee of Ways and Moans of this
House, after having investigated the subject,
recommend thati " $>0,000" be stricken out, and
" $3,000" inserted in lieu of it. Now, if this be
so, I suppose the Committee of Ways and Means
have some good reason for the recommendation
they have made, and I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri what that reason is?
Mr. HAVEN, if the gentleman will allow j
me, I will explain. The gentleman from South !j
Carolina was not in his seat,! presume, when ji
this matter came up yesterday, and he has some- ;i
what mistaken the history of it. The Commit- j]
tee of Ways and Means recommended a non- j j
concurrence in the Senate amendment. That jj
was their original recommendation. But since ;!
that time, in consequence of some new mibrma-
tion they have received, they have agreed to H
compromise the matter by inserting $3,000, in- !
stead of $0,000. Their action is based upon a j
communication from the Secretary of the Treas- j,
ury, inclosing alelterfrom the clelk of the Court |l ate, and is now before one of the standing com- ;
of'Claims. That is the history of the matter, jlmittccs of this House. There are to be eighty
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend 11 rooms. The Committee of Ways and Means'
a non-concurrence in the whole amendment. || thought that there were too many rooms to be .
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl- 1; fitted up temporarily for the use of this court. '
vanid be kind enough to repeat the statement jj They thought that $3,000 would be enough for |
necessary.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand that that is based
on the communication from the Court of Claims.
I ask that that communication be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The
communication was read yesterday, and is pub-
lished in this morning's Globe. Why, then, con-
sume the time of the House by having it again
read ?
Mr. HAVEN. I ask that it may be read as a
portion of my remarks. If there had been a
quorum present when it was read yesterday, the
amendment would have passed.
The letter of the clerk of the Court of Claims
was read by the Cleik.
Mr. PHELPS. One word in relation to this
matter. The Court of Claims has been assigned
some rooms in one of the wings of the Capitol—
the wing that is to be under the control of the
Senate. When the Senate take charge of it it
may be necessary to transfer the sittings of the
court to the mam building. The Senate may
need the rooms now assigned to the Court of
Claims. The clerk of that court tells us that
eight rooms arc needed for the use of the court,
it is expected that an assistant solicitor will be
created. A bill to that elfect has passed the Sen-
made by him yesterday?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I stated
that the Committee of Ways and Means, after
some investigation, came to the conclusion that a
non-concurrence in the Senate amendment would
be proper, inasmuch as the rooms fitted up for the
•use of the Count of Claims were for their mere
temporary occupancy. We thought, also, that
the number of rooms asked for the use of the
court was not requisite, and we concluded that
it would be throwing away the money. There
was no telling how long they would use the rooms
they would occupy. There was no telling about
the amount, and until we could get clear and spe- ■
cilic information, we were not willing to concur in |
that amendment. We have saice learned that
they have appropriated f>2,500 to prepaie the |!
rooms they now occupy, and that probably i
$500 more will be sufficient for their present pur- ,!
poses. ;
In addition, I will say that this is not a defi- !j
ciencv. There was no deficiency. The Committee\\
of Ways and Means thought that if the appro-
priation was m-cessary, it should be placed in one !
of the appropriation bills. Now, we are willing, !
as #2,5U0 has been expended, to recommend an j
appropriation of $3,000 in tins bill. If a further 1
Mini is inquired it can be provided for in one of ;
the regular appropriation bills. '
Mr. ORR. The Committee of Ways and :
Means recommended a non-concurrence in the !
entircamenument of the Senate. On invesi'g.mn"- !
the subject, the committee thought that $3,000 j
ought to be appropriated, and the reasons for the ;
appropriation have been assigned by the gentle- .
man from Pennsylvania. 1 think the reasons are j
satisfactory. j
Mr. HAVEN. I believe that the gentleman i
from South Carolina is right m reference to the '
previous act-5* of the Senate, the Committee of j
Ways and Means, and this committee, in relation j
to this matter. In addition to what he has said, j
I want to say this: I do not understand that the j
Committee of Ways and Means have had any j
action on this subject subsequently to the recom- i
rnendation of the Secretary of the Treasury on j
the communication of the clerk of the Court of i
Claims; and, ior the information of the House j
and the gentleman himself, I would like to have !
that communication again lead. This is a small ;
matter one way or the other, and I am sony that I
I have token up so much time with it. The Sec- i
rotary of t ie Treasury thought that this was a I
proper appropriation. As connected with one of i
the tribunals of justice, which is to take so much j
trouble olf the shoulders of members of this body, I
much weight is added to the provision when the j
appropriation does not go beyond $G,000. i
jVlr. ORR. I understand that it may bccome i
necessary to appropriate $6,000. The point made !
all necessary purposes.
When the amendment was before the commit-
tee, it agreed to recommend a non-concurrence,
if gentlemen will look at the original estimates
they will see that $3,000 is all that is asked for.
The committee on a reexamination of the subject
thought it was right and proper to appropriate
$3,0u~0, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
accordingly made the amendment. This is the
explanation.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to add that this com-
munication comes here with the indorsement of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Air. ORR wuhdiow his amendment.
The question recurred on tiie motion to strike
out ^6.000 and insert £>3,000. Tellers had been
ord<*ii-d, c«nd Messrs. Bouuck and Cumbauk were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes 75, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-third amendment of the Senate, !
as amended, was concurred m. j
The twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate ,
was then read, as follows: 1
Forfilhna up and gi admir the £p*ound< belonging to the
cu-tota-lioiHc budding, Xonblk. Virginia, 81,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The matter was explained
the other day by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millsox,] and I hope the amendmentofthe
Senate will be concurred in, although the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommended a non-
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
For transportation of officers, and for fuel and quarter",
the pvntient of winch i-3 no longer made by the quarter-
master's depaitmcnt, ;$2jl27 12.
Air. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a concurrence in this amend-
ment of the Senate. There are expenses, amount-
ing to this sum, now filed for payment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-sixth amendmentof the Senate was
then read, as follows:
Foi continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$300,000.
Air. PHELPS. I do not propose to enterinto
a discussion of this question, but briefly to state
some of the reasons which operated upon my
mind, as a member of the Committee of Ways
! and Means, in recommending a non-concurrence
in this amendment. In order to enable me to do
that, I move to strike out " $300,000."
The water-works which it is proposed shall be
constructed in this city contemplate taking the
water from the Potomac river, fifteen miles from
this city, and conveying it in an aqucduct to the
cities of Georgetown and Washington. The esti-
mated cost of these woiks is $2,300,000. Already
about $350,000 have been appropriated for that
purpose, the greater part of which, if not the
whole, has already been expended in the construc-
tion of these works. I have always opposed this
appropriation, and I am unwilling to subject the
Government of the United States to the total and
entire expense of the construction of an aqueduct
from the Potomac river, in order to supply with
water the inhabitants of this city, and those
who may come here upon public business. I
would not object, if the citics of Georgetown and
Washington would make a proposition them-
selves to contribute a certain portion of the cost
of this work, to have the Government contribute
its proper share, as might be determined upon
by Congress; but I am not willing to subject my
constituents, or to subject the people of this
country, to the taxes which would be imposed
upon them for the construction of these water-
works, merely to accommodate the officers who
may be here, and to furnish the citizens of the
District of Columbia with water without any cost
and charge to them. Other cities in this country
can present as strong claims, perhaps, as this.
But does the Government of the United States,
wherever ithas public buildings, go to the expense
of supplying water, not only to the public build-
ings themselves, but to all the inhabitants of those
cities, without cost to them ?
Air. EUSTIS. I would ask the gentleman if
the Government would not be at liberty, at any
time, to make a charge whenever that water is
used by private individuals?
Air. PHELPS. Surely; but the Government
never would do it. I should scorn to see this
Government peddling out water. [Laughter.]
In reply to the intei rogatory proposed by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, I ask him if ho supposes
! that this Government, when it shall have con-
structed these works, will collect a tax from the
citizens of Georgetown and Washington for the
use of the water? My own plan would be, to
have the cities of Georgetown and Washington
contribute their share towards the construction
of these works, and then place the aqueduct en-
tirely under the control of those cities, the Gov-
ernment having the right to use as much water as
they please, and then let the cities reimburse them-
selves by levying taxes upon those who use the
water thus brought here.
Air. ORR. I have uniformly voted with the
gentleman from Aiissouri against these appropri-
ations for constructing wn rer-works for tins city.
This policy, however, of making appropriations
for that purpose was fully discussed in the last
Congress, and I believe in the Congress before
thelast. It was fully discussed in the two Houses.
First, an appropriation of $100,000 was made,
and subsequently an appropriation of <>250,000,
making in all $350,000, that has been already ap-
propriated, and most of which has been expended.
I look upon it that the Government has committed
itself to the construction of these water-works;
and the only question which the House has to
decide for itself is, whether the appropriation now
asked is to be given at this time, or at some sub-
sequent time? Now, if it were an original propo-
sition I would be opposed to it. 1 sympathize
fully with the views of the gentleman "from Mis-
' | souri, [Mr. Piielps,] butl look upon it as a fixed
; fact, thatGovernment is to construct these water-
! works; and, if I understand the reason for asking
I for the appropriation now, it is, that this $300,000
! may be used before the beginning of the next
I fiscal year, during the months of April, May, and
| June, at a season when the work can be carried
j on to the best advantage.
! Now, I think that, in determining on the ap-
propriation, the only question which the present
House can ask itself is: Shall the $300,000 be
given now, or will you postpone it till the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year? Believing
myself that, as a matter of economy, it is better
to vote these $300,000 now than at a seoson of
the year when the woik cannot be carried on so
advantageously, I shall very cheerfully cast my
votein favorof the Senate amendment,and agoinst
the proposition of the gentleman from Missouri.
Air. PHELPS, by general*consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing it $20,000. The gentleman
