1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL,' GLOBE.
July 34;
the State of Michigan, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $40,000 for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, in the State of Michigan, to be expended
under the direction of the War Department. The
Secretary of War is to let the contract for the
construction of the harbor to such person or per-
sons as he shall think proper, who will agree to
complete it for the amount appropriated, with
such sureties, and according to such plan, as shall
be approved by him.
Mr. MASON. I hope the honorable Senator
who has charge of this bill will inform the Senate
whether there is any special report upon the sub-
ject—whether this harbor, or place intended for
a harbor, has been surveyed—what the result of
the surveys were—who made them, and under
•what auspices the work will be done ?
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator from
Virginia that it is not the habit of the Committee
on Commerce to make reports, or to assign any
reason for recommending the passage of any of
these bills. I do not think he will find a report
• in any case. I do not remember that there is
one.
Mr. ADAMS. If there is any report, I should
like to have it read.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall confess with very
great frankness that, in regard to this particular
bill, as it was brought in by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, who is now absent, [Mr.
Stuart,] and as he was a member of the com-
mittee, I have not prepared myself to make the
explanation which the honorable Senator from
Virginia desires, and very properly expects, from
the committee upon this subject. I had hoped
that he would be here himself; but the senior
Senator from Michigan, who is now present, can
undoubtedly give the Senate all the information
which the Senator from Virginia requires.
Mr. CASS. I have not got the survey of this
point. I went to the topographical office this
morning, and brought up three—all that the head
of the bureau could lay his hands on at the time.
He said there were others here, and I have found
one or two more since. With respect to this
harbor, however, I cannot say who made the
survey, or whether any has been really made.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is the most beautiful
illustration of the system that I think was ever
presented to a deliberative assembly. The Sen-
ate of the United States have had a committee
engaged for months on these bills, and they have
brought in measures for the expenditure of
m ,000,000 of public money, to be distributed, as
they tell us, upon " national" works. A Senator
desires to know if there are any estimates, what
is the nature of the work, what it will cost to
complete it? and no man on the committee, and
not even the Senator from the State where the
Work is, knows one word about it. We are called
upon, on the idea of everybody helping every-
body else's bill, to vote for them all. There cer-
tainly can be no greater abandonment of all pub-
lic principle than is here presented.
I suppose, from the constitution of the com-
mittee, that they help themselves. The Senator
from Michigan, who is a member of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Stuart,] I believe filed eleven bills.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] filed
as many as lie wanted. I suppose the Michigan
Senator took eare of his own batch, and the
Senator from New York took care of his batch,
and whoever spoke to them to take eare of out-
side batches had theirs attended to. If a Senator,
who is on the committee, happens to be absent
when one of these bills comes up, no one has any
explanation to give, and the Senate is called upon
to lecord the vote in favor of the bill, and doubt-
less will do so. Still, I think it right that the
country should know how the money is going,
and what consideration is given to it.
Mr. CASS. 1 have no doubt there should be
a survey. I believe there has been a survey at
this point, but I do not know the fact. I have
not the survey. X endeavored to find it this morn-
ing, and told the Senate the result. 1 suppose
there was a survey in all cases.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. CLAY. X call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no objection to
the motion, I presume. The Senator from Mich-
igan, who has the estimates, is unwell, and not
in his seat; and if they be called for, of course
the bill will lie on the table until he returns.
Mr. CLAY. I prefer to insist on the call for
the yeas and nays. I wish to see if there is any
man who will vouch for the work, without inform-
ation of its importance or value.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs, Cass, Clay, Collainer, Dodge,
I'essenden, Fish, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Iverson, Mason,Pearce, Pugh,Reid, ioombs,
Trumbull, WeJler, Wilson, and Wright—27. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Douglas, Durkee, Johnson, Seward, and
Wade—o.
So the bill was ordered to He on the table.
GRAND RIVER HARBOR.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the bill (S. No.
39) making an appropriation for the construction
of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the
State of Michigan, was considered us in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Its object is to appropriate $50,000 for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river,
in the State of Michigan. The Secretary of War
is to let the contract for the construction of the
harbor to such person or persons as he shall think
proper, who will agree to complete it for the
amount appropriated, with such sureties, and ac-
cording to such plan, as shall be approved by him.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know whether
there is any estimate from the Department, show-
ing that this work can be finished for the sum of
$50,000?
Mr. CASS. There is the proper estimate; I
hold it in my hand.
Mr. HUNTER. Can it be finished for that
sum ?
Mr. CASS. Here is the estimate:
(l Sir: I have the honor of tiansmitting herewith copies
of the reports, plans, and estimates for impioving the en-
trance trom Lake Michigan into Muskegon lake, /{lack river,
and Giand river, oallod lor by a resolution of the Senate of
the 7th instant.
" In the drawings sent in with these reports, it was neces-
sary to preserve a scale sufficiently large to judge of the
plans proposed, and of the value of the harbors contempla-
ted toimprove. On this last point, it may be said, without
fear of error, that there are no better haibors on the lakes,
if there be any as good, or any which deserve moie the
friendly attentions of the General Government.
" The total estimate for Grand river is $162,126. But it
would not surprise me if the works m this case could be
limited to one well-constructed pier, upon the side of the
most severe and the most frequent winds. At any rate,
m the construction of the work watching, effects, in order
to save unnecessary cost, such a course would he pursued.
" It is also possible that the entrance may be assuied by
securing the banks of the river, as explained in the report,
m which case theenuance would be accomplished for less
than $30,000. The first attention of the bureau will be
directed to this point, and very little doubt is entertained
that the securing of thcae banks, and the election of a
windward pier, will msuro a sate entrance. But it is con-
sidered due to a candid exposition of such matters, that the
estimate should embrace all foreseen contingencies. Under
any view, however, all that will be required for the ensuing
fiscal year is $50,000."
That is the report sent here from the topo-
graphical bureau.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the positive
estimate is $162,000, and there is a possibility
that the work may be done for $30,000.
Mr. CASS. There is a possibility that it may
go up to $160,000, but the probability is, that it
will cost much less.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it the understanding that
the Secretary of War shall not contract unless he
can get contractors to undertake to make what
he considers a thorough improvement for this
sum ?
Mr. CASS. That is the provision of the bill.
If it cannot be done for the appropriation, it is not
to be done at all.
Mr. MASON. The communication which the
Senator from Michigan read is from the topo-
graphical engineers dated February 25, 1850,
more than six years ago; and it is in reply to a
resolution of the Senate calling for information.
The colonel of the corps says:
I have the honor of transmitting herewith copies of the
reports, plan?, and estimates for improving' the entiances
from Lake Michigan into Muskegon lake, Black river, and
Grand river, called for by a resolution of the Senate of the
7th instant."
I have asked the honorable Senatorfrom Mich-
igan, in whose State this is, in what way or by
what authority these estimates were prepared.
They seem to have been ready to be sent here in
response to a call of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Many of the appropriations we
are now making are under estimates and surveys
made more than twenty years ago. There was
a fund originally for making these surveys, and
they were made at the discretion of the War De-
partment. The members of Congress from the
several States called for them, and they came
before the two Houses, and were submitted to
the committees. Most of the works for which
we are now appropriating were estimated for
long ago, and the surveys were made a great
many years since.
Mr. HUNTER. Then let me inquire what is
the value of estimates made twenty years ago?
During the mean time prices have materially
changed. They have doubled in some respects.
We might as well have no estimate at all as one
of so old a date as this.
Mr. CASS. The fact is that this bill now re-
quires the work to be done at one third the esti-
mates, or not to be done at all. I am informed
by an honorable colleague of mine in the House
of Representatives, who stands by me, thatit will
be done for that.
Mr. MASON. What I want to get at (and I
do not know anybody who is more capable qf
§iving a proper explanation than the honorable
enator from Michigan, from his age and expe-
rience as one ofthestatesmen of the Confederacy^
is, the true and proper exposition of one of the
resolutions adopted at the Cincinnati Convention
a short time since, and which seems to have been
found so perfect, that it is a transcript of a res-
olution adopted at the Democratic National Con-
vention four years before. I want, if I can, to
get at the true meaning of that resolution; and I
think it the more important to the section of the
country from whence I come, because it is man-
ifest that the system of improvements which is
assumed to be sanctioned under this resolution,
is a system that tends altogether to the North and
the w"est and the interior. The resolution is this:
iC That the Constitution does not confcr upon the General
Government the power to commence and carry on a gen-
eral system of internal improvements."
That would seem to imply that the Constitu-
tion does confer on the General Government a
power to commence and carry on a system of
internal improvements, provided it is not a gen-
eral one. That is the inference now drawn.
Heretofore the mode was, for the Committee
on Commerce,! think,to report what was called
an omnibus bill, providing specific appropriations
for certain ports and harbors and rivers that were
named, and all comprised in one bill. The Pres-
ident of the United States vetoed that bill at the
last Congress, and gave us his reasons for it very
much in detail, and, to me, very satisfactory, ft
has been supposed, it would seem, that they could
overcome the objections of that veto. I am to
presume that the honorable Senator from the State
of New Icork, who has charge of these bills, has
reported them under the instructions of that com-
mittee, in subordination to this second resolution
of the Cincinnati platform, and that he is prepared
to abide by it. It would seem, therefore, that the
present exposition of this resolution is, that the
same end is to be attained of carrying on a sys-
tem of internal improvements which was intend-
ed to be attained by an omnibus bill, provided it
is done by separate bills.
Now, as to the mode of doing it, wearetold by
the honorable Senator from Michigan that there
are estimates for these works. To be sure they
were made six years ago, but it is the custom of
the Senate, as we are informed by him, to adopt
estimates made even more than six years ago.
What I want to know is how these estimates
were obtained. I want to see what system of
internal improvements it is that is to be sanctioned
under this resolution of the Cincinnati Conven-
tion. We are told by the honorable Senator that
they are obtained in this way: a member from
the State of Michigan in the House of Represent-
atives, or a Senator from that State, offers a reso-
lution, which is passed, as a matter of coursc,
directing the Secretary of War to cause an esti-
mate to be made of the cost of building a harbor
at the mouth of Grand river. Where (Srand river
is, or whether a harbor can be built there at all,
or whether when it is built it will be of any value
to the country, are matters not embraced in the
