144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4.
upon the subject of slavery*; it was the result of a
spirit of conciliation and fraternal concord. The
great men of the North at that day—your Ham-
iltons, your lays, your Livingstons, and your
Franklins—were willing to sink a sentiment in
obtaining a great good. That great good they
considered the formation of the Federal Union,
and to obtain that, they placed in abeyance their
sentiments of hostility to the institution of sla-
very:
I consider, first, that at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution, there was no objection to
the admission of slave States. "Why ? Because
nearly all of the States of the Confederacy were
slave States, and no man at the North then ob-
jected to the admission of slave States into the
Union. Further: the Constitution adopted by
the great men of the North, in concert with the
great men of the Sduth of that day, in various
farticulars recognizes and acknowledges slavery,
t does this in that clause which provides for the
apportionment of representation to the House of
Representatives; it recognizes slavery in that
clause which provides for the apportionment of
•direct taxation; it recognizes slavery in that clause
which provides that the Federal Government shall
preserve every State from domestic violence; that
clause which provides for the extradition of fugi-
tive slaves also recognizes slavery, and recognizes
it pro hue vice in a free State. And further, that
clause of the Constitution which provides that the
African slave tiade shall continue open for twenty
years, recognizes slavery in its most striking
form.
1 say, then, that the Federal Constitution was
the result of a spirit of compromise between the
men of the North and tile men of the South on
the subject of slavery. Without that spirit of
compromise and concession and concord and
harmony, (lie Constitution would never have been
forined,and 1 lie Union would never have existed.
Well, it strikes me as a logical concl ision that
the Union can only be preserved by the continu-
ance of that same spirit of concord and harmony
and compromise and fraternal concession on the
part of the North. It lias, therefore, been with
the most profound regret as a lover of my coun-
try, that 1 have seen at the North the formation
of a great party, based upon the single idea of
hostility lo the institutions of the South. The
only question with me, then, as to (he continuance
of i Ik; Union is, whether that parly will take
possession of the Noith. If tliey do, in my
opinion the Union is at an end. Well, will-that
party lake possession of the North? J say, and
I say it with the profoundest regret, that I think it
will—not to-day, perhaps, nor to-morrow, nor the
next day, but that the tendency of tilings is such
that it will ultimately take possession of the North,
1 entertain but little doubt. Well, what is that
party pledged lo? The great leading idea of that
party is that freedom is national and that slavery
.M-etional. That pai ty, then, are obliged, if they
eonie into power, as is recommended m the reso-
lutions of the State of Maine presented to the
Senate yesterday, to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to prohibit it in all the
Territories,arsenals, and dock-yards in the,United
States. Well, then, it seems to me that tf that
party comes into power pledged to those meas-
ures, we shall be in the midst of chaos and
anarchy and revolution. But do 1 desire this?
No, God forbid that I should. 1 wish to see
my country peaceful and happy. I wish to see
my country going forward in its great historical
career, making its mark upon the pages of time,
and working out its great destiny for the benefit
of ourselves and of universal humanity. Would
that it were in my power tins day to give peace
to my country! I would drive from this Hall
and our land the fanatical spirit of discord which
would destroy that Constitution wlrch the great
men of our country in its classic era adopted, and
which wc all love.
Now, why do I think that that party at the
North will succeed? Because it recommends
itself to the great sentiment of the North—the
sentiment of anti-slavery—and because, too, it
recommends itself to that love of power which
no people can resist. What people have ever
declmed to receive power when it was offered to
them? This great sectional party at the North
goes upon the idea that, by uniting together at
th« North, they can obtain the control of this
Government, and* dispense its vast patronage
amongst themselves, and reduce the people of
the South to a secondary and subordinate con-
dition. That is their great, idea. Well, what
people, I would ask, have ever had the greatness
to decline power when offered to them ? There
is- but one man who stands out on the canvas of
history illuminated with the glory of having had
the magnanimity to decline power. There he is,
[pointing to the portrait of Washington;] but no
people in ancient or modern times have had the
magnanimity to dscline power. The people of
the North cannot decline it. That party, there-
fore, which places itself upon the position of
giving power to the North, will eventually suc-
ceed; and when that party does succeed, in my
opinion the Union will be at an end. I say it
m no spirit of threat, at all. I am merely ex-
plaining my position. I think that this sectional
anti-slavery party will succeed at the North, and,
therefore, that revolution will be inevitable. But
I do not desire it; far, far from it. All wo ask of
you at the North is, to administer the Constitu-
tion according to the spirit in which your fathers
adopted if.—the spirit of concession, compro-
mise, and concord; to administer the Govern-
ment in the spirit in which it was administered
for the first quarter of a century; and then you
will find the people of the South loyal to the
Union, and no one more so than myself. What
a glorious spectacle it would be if such a state
of things could exist; instead of this, the master
branch of the Government, being paralyzed and
disorganized, it would be in action, giving vital-
ity to the workings of our Government; and
the hearts of our twenty-five millions of people
would beat in harmonious unison! Why do
we hear of treaties abrogated, of threats of send-
ing naval armaments to hover upon our coasts ?
Why do the masts of hostile ships, perhaps at
this very moment, cast their malignant shadows
over our seas? .Because our country is torn to
pieces, discordant, distiacted by the war one por-
tion of the Confederacy have declared against
the institutions of the other portion. I have the
most melancholy forebodings as to the ultimate
consequences growing out of this sectional cru-
sade. But, oh! that it may be otherwise!
Mr. ALLISON. I feel called upon to reply,
in a few words, to the gentleman from South
Carolina upon a single point. He alluded to the
spu-t whi*h characterized and influenced the sages
of the Revolution, and was pleased to allude to a
distinguished man fiom Pennsylvania, and to the
spirit which actuated him and otheis of that time
in their conduct. I allude to Dr. Franklin. Now,
sir, for the sake of the truth of history, and for
the reputation of that great name, I will state what
were the principles that controlled the action of
that great man upon the subject of slavery. I do
this the more readily this morning because, upon
another occasion, 1 have heard the position of
the State which I have in part the honor to rep-
resent misrepresented upon this floor in regard to
this great question. In order that what he has
declared to be the principles of Franklin, and
those who acted with him, may not go forth to
the country and create the impression that that
man was in favor of extending this institution, I
wish to call to the remembrance of members pres-
ent the opinions of that man. Before we had
acquired our national independence, there was an
act passed by the Legislature of Pennsylvania
abolishing slavery in that State. There was also
a society mcorpoiated by the Legislature which
had for its object the abolition of slavery, and
Dr. Franklin was its very first president. I have
the honor—and I look upon it as a very great
honor—of having in my possession a certificate
winch was held by an ancestor of mine, issued
to him shortly after the Revolution, certifying
that he was a member of that honorable society
at that tune. It is a copper-plate engraving.
Mr. ORR. I wish to inquire of the gentleman
i if the society to which he alludes was not a so-
' ciety for the abolition of slavery m lus own State?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly it was, and I thank
the gentleman for calling my attention to it,
though I should soon have referred to that fact.
It has been declared upon this floor that some
of the northern States abolished slavery because
it was their pecuniary interest to do so, without
giving them credit for that wide-extended benev-
olence which actuated ..hem. In reply to such a
statement, .I say that the. initiative steps for that
object were taken in Pennsylyania in 1780, befoie
We had fully acquired our national independence,
while the revolutionary war was yet in progress,
at the, instance of Dr. Franklin and his coadju-
tors, and the Same end was fully consummated by
the act of 1788. I take exception to the" declara-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, that
the influence of Dr. Franklin and those who acted
with him was in harmony with the spirit which
actuates some distinguished southern statesmen
at this time. I repel the accusation that it was
their intention to extend slavery over territory
then free. The ordinance of 1787 and cotempo-
raneous history goes to disprove that declaration.
I merely rose for the purpose of making the
declaration that the influence, example, and teach-
ing of Dr. Franklin were against the doctrine
taught at the present day by those who advocate
the extension of slavery; and that those who
acted with him had no purpose, no intention, no
desire to extend that institution over territory
then free. Their action, their purposes, their in-
fluence, history shows, all tended to circumscribe
slavery to the limits within which it was then
circumscribed, and not to extend and perpetuate
it.
Now, sir, it is said that there is a disposition to
make war upon the institutions of the States.
There is not a disposition to make war upon
those rights, which gentlemen here fear and charge
upon us. While we declare that we are opposed
to the institution of slavery, and irreconcilably
opposed to its extension, we deny that we have
any disposition to make war upon it where it
already exists in the States.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question before he takes his seat.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that
this whole debate is out of order.
Mr. ORR. I believe no objection has been
made to this debate. I wish to say I do not
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
indorsing the speech made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] a few days ago, in which
he advised the slaves of the South to rise up and
butcher th.eir masters.
Mr. GIDDINGS here sought the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I am responsible for what I
say myself, anAnot for what may be said by-
others. I say that I am opposed to the institu-
tion of slavery, and to its extension, but I would
not interfere with the rights of the States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to set the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] right?
Mr. ORR. I want to know whether the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania indorses the speech of
the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from South
Carolina has put words in my mouth which I
never uttered.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman was understood to ■
use that language. I do not know how he may
have printed his speech. The gentleman, how-
ever, cannot provoke me into a controversy with
him.
Mr. GIDDINGS here obtained the floor.
Mr. KNIGHT. I rise to a point of order. All
this debate is disorderly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am sure the gentleman
win not refuse to allow me to set myself right
before the House on the point referred, to by the
gentleman from South Carolina. [Cries of " Call
the roll," and " Hear, hear!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman will proceed,,if
there is 110 objection ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I object.
The CLERK. The gentlemen who have al-
ready spoken not being objected to, the Clerk
allowed the debate to proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to its continuance.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. But the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gicdings] rises for
the purpose of explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move that my
colleague be permitted to proceed.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no desire to detain
this House more than one minute. I think that
for the last eighteen years I have, in almost every
speech that I have addressed to this House, suf-
ficiently disavowed any intention of invading the
