1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
But again, sir, if estimates are required, those
which are now presented, and called such, are
not entitled to that characteristic. We do not
know tliat the work is desirable. We do not
know that this sum of money will accomplish it.
. The Senator from Michigan tells us that $20,000
was asked for a few years ago, and $50,000 now,
and this bill says that the $50,000 shall complete it.
What evidence have we that it will complete the
work? The evidence is tlie other way. But the
Senator tells us there is a gentleman behind him
who says it can be done. The- Senate is called
upon to legislate on that authority. The estimate
is$163,000, and the Senator says he is informed
that #50,000 will be sufficient."
Mr. CASS. No, sir; I repeat, the report of
the topographical bureau says the work may,
cost $162,000, but probably it could be done for
*30,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then it may cost $160,000;
but if it can be done for $30,000, why does the
bill say $50,000?
Mr. CASS. The provision is that the $50,000
shall complete the work.
Mr. TOOMBS. But it may not do it.
Mr. CASS. Then the money is not to be
spent.
Mr. TOOMBS. If, according to the estimates,
the improvement can be done for $30,000, why
does your bill say $50,000? The estimate was
that it might be done for $30,000, but it would
probably take $160,000. Why does the bill say
$50,000? Sir, it comes to this: that Senators
and members have gone and asked for what they
wanted, and got it.
Mr. CASS. I will leave the views of the hon-
orable Senator to combat those of Mr. Calhoun,
and the act passed by Congress in 1789, which
says that, under the Constitution, the General
Government has a right to make navigation more
safe and easy, by doing certain things. Mr.
Calhoun said in his Memphis report: " Your
committee, after full and mature consideration,
are of opinion that there is power to make these
improvements. It is to be found in the power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and more especially
that among the several States."
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not mean
to interpose anything which I may say on this
subject, with a design to protract the debate or
to speak against time; but I think I have heard
the most extraordinary suggestions—I cannot
call them propositions—that were ever thrown
in with kaleidoscopic confusion. The Senator
from New York says you can get all you ask
for. The Senator from Alabama says there has
been no bill proposed by a member which has
not been granted by the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from South Carolina allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to interpose
here, because I do not see any other opportunity
that 1 shall have for putting the question. I
have been informed that the Committee on Com-
merce have advised no appropriations for objects
of this sort, except what were included in former
appropriation bills, within the limits prescribed
at the last session of Congress, and upon surveys
and estimates duly made by officers of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr SEWARD. The committee have acted
according to the bill which was vetoed at the last
Congress.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have so under-
stood, and 1 know they have restricted the ap-
propriations in the Southwest to those agreed
upon by Congress last year.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that the case in regard to
Marquette harbor, for which we passed a bill the
other day ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is a new
measure, so far as I know.
Mr. HUNTER. But the Senator voted for it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 know, sir, that
the Committee on Commerce, acting on the prin-
ciple which has been stated by the Senator from
New York, cut down to the small sum of thirty-
five thousand dollars an appropriation for one of
the most important improvements in the South-
west. They did so because that was the sum
contained in the bill of the last session, and they
did not wish to go beyond that. That was done
upon an examination and survey, I am informed.
Probably the Senator from New York can say
whether that is the state of the case or not.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the case.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The committee
cut down that appropriation which X proposed
for that work from fifty to thirty-five thousand
thousand dollars, on the principle that they would
not exceed former limits. I wished to have this
inquiry answered, in order to justify myself.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that these bills
are on estimates without surveys; some of them,
at least.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. On estimates and
surveys, I believe.
Mr. CLAY. I can say with safety this much,
that the Senator from Tennessee is wrong in
both his suggestions. He is wrong first, in say-
ing that surveys have been made by the Depart-
ment in all these cases of appropriation. There
has been one instance cited by the Senator from
Virginia to the contrary.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the case of Mar-
quette.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is for a new
work in a lately-opened region of country.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Tennessee is
wrong in supposing that all the bills now reported
were embraced in the omnibus bill of the last
Congress. I think the Senator from New York
will bear me out in the statement that there are
some that were not embraced in that.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I desire to
direct the attention of the public to certain prom-
inent points in this matter. I want the promon-
tories to shoot up amidst the confusion of the
kaleidoscopic notions which prevail here on this
subject of internal improvements. I have never
known an instance before, where gentlemen who
pretended to the responsibilities of statesmen had
such different views, in order to carry out one
main end—that is, to get such appropriations as
they ask for, because that is the whole proposi-
tion.
Now, sir, what is the morality of this system?
X do not speak of the individual and personal
moralityof the gentlemen who supportit, because
I have a very high regard for many of them as
men of honor; but'how can they rise, with pomp-
ous professions of morality, and say they ask
this much, and it is all they intend to ask ? If
$50,000 will not answer this year, what is to
prevent them appropriating $150,000, or $200,000,
next year?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Neither the Senator from
Soutli Carolina, nor the Senator from Georgia,
appears to understand the provisions of the bill.
The bill provides an appropriation of a certain
sum of money to complete this harbor, to be
expended under a contract to be made by the
War Department for completing the harbor, with
proper penalties and stipulations for that sum.
If the work cannot be accomplished for the ap-
propriation, not a dollar is to be expended.
Mr. BUTLER. Suppose they make the exper-
iment this year, and come near completing the
work, and they want $100,000 next year: what
is to restrain gentlemen from voting for it?
Nothing at all. The Senator from Louisiana asks
me, with a great deal of concern, will we be bound
by the contract? No, sir. I say you would not
be bound longer than you could abrogate the
contract. I do not mean to speak of gentlemen
individually, but I say these statutory provisions
to observe contracts amount to nothing. You
might as well undertake to stop the current of
the Mississippi with a bundle of hay, as with
these stipulations to stop at what you say. Next
year there may be another swarm of insects to
feed upon the Treasury If these gentlemen were
here bound by their own provisions, they might
observe them; but they are not the persons who
are always to vote hereafter. There is no control.
Sir, I must say that, in my opinion, the Senators
who were in favor of these local, partial, and ex
parte arrangements, cannot reconcile it with any-
thing like the morality of legislation to favor them,
and yet oppose a general system of internal im-
provements. They are willing to vote money for
the Mississippi and its tributaries, and the lakes,
but they are not willing to vote it for Charleston, or
Norfolk, or Savannah, or even for New Orleans,
perhaps, to the same extent, because, they say, if
they keep going on all around, in spite of them-
selves it will be general, and thev do not want it
to be general. Now, suppose that we made an
appropriation for improvements from the upper
part of the Mississippi, through the northwestern
cordon of States to New York, and then down to
the capes of Virginia, and from the capes of
Virginia around Cape Hatteras to Wilmington,
Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, New Orleans,
and Galveston: we should have the whole coast
provided for, and I know nothing more gen-
eral. If you take them up piecemeal and ap-
propriate for one port this year, and two ports
next year, and three next year, and so on till you
have none left, will it not be general? We are
told that the only safety is in being partial, and
having onepart take the money and give it to
another. That is called reconciling it to doctrine!
They do not want a system which operates equal-
ly, generally, and justly, over the whole United
States, but they want one that operates partially,
locally, within particular States; and i think I
heard the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
say, that as long as we confined ourselves to in-
dividual appropriations, it was safe; but if we
undertook to define, with entirety of design, a
general system of internal improvements all around
the coast, benefiting every part of the United
States, it would becomefatal. The Senatorfrom
Michigan undertakes to make the separation to
whiehhehas alluded,bysaying that John Gtumcy
Adams stated that a general system would include
roads and canals, and education, and other things;
but, sir, that is not what has been meant by in-
ternal improvements. The term " internal im-
provements "has been understood to mean regu-
lating commerce by ports and harbors and rivers.
Mr. CASS. President Pierce does not say so
in his messages.
Mr. BUTLER. If internal improvement does
not apply to commercial improvements, let some
one give me a definition of it.
Mr. PUGH. Suppose we appropriate $50,000
to improve the harbor of Charleston: is that an
internal improvement ?
Mr. BUTLER. I should say that the harbor
of Charleston belongs to South Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not answer
my question. I ask, is that a case of internal
improvement?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly I say it is.
Mr. PUGH. Then what are external im-
provements ?
Mr. BUTLER. You are going in for exter-
nal improvements when you go away off in the
ocean to take care of guano islands, as 1 believe
you are doing. I call external improvements
those out of the jurisdiction of the United States.
I should call it an external improvement to be
going down by the Clayton-Buhver treaty to
regulate matters with other countries with which
we have nothing to do; but I will not allude to
this for fear of arousing my friend from Delaware.
Mr. PUGH. Permit me to ask a different
question. If appropriating money to improve
the harbor of Charleston is engaging in a system
of internal improvement, what is the general sys-
tem, going round the whole coast of the United
States, by which light-houses have been estab-
lished at all the Atlantic ports ? Is that a case of
internal improvements ?
Mr. BUTLER. That is an improvement for
the benefit of the world.
Mr. PUGH. My friend does not answer my
question. Is it a case of internal improvement?
Mr. BUTLER. Sofaras itbenefits you coming
down to buy our goods, it is internal to you; but
external to those coming there from abroad. I do
not say that it may not be both. Who under-
takes to say that it may not be both ? To those
who are going to the port it is internal; to those
coming into it from the ocean it is external. You
can consider it as both if you choose. Now, with
regard to light-houses and similar appliances,
they belonged to the States originally, and this
Government bought them and has kept them up.
The States were not bound to sell those light-
houses, or the land on which they were. The
Government bought them to keep up light-houses
for the benefit of all the world; not for ourselves
alone, but for the whole world.
Mr. PUGH. That is what we want these har-
bors for.
