874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
share of the burden be less. But let us not take
the whole of the money from the Treasury of the
United States, for the benefit of private citizens
of Washington and Georgetown.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Stanton)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the Senate amendments to the defi-
ciency bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion by Mr. CUMBACK, (at
half past three, p. rn.,) the House adjourned, till
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jipril 11, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to the
House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, and a copy of a condi-
tional contract entered into, under instructions
from that Department, forthe purchase of a lot and
the building; thereon, for the use of the United
States courts at Philadelphia, in the State of
Pennsylvania, and recommending- that an appro-
pnatioa of $78,000 be made to complete the same;
which, on motion of Mr. Brodhead, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, with accompanying doc-
uments, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th of March, calling for informa-
tion as to the payment of a claim of Richard W.
Thompson, for services as attorney of theMenom-
onee Indians; which, on motion of Mr. Brown,
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a communication from the President of
the United .Slates, transmitting for the considera-
tion of Congress, copies of conditional contracts
made lor two sites with buildings thereon, for the
post office and United States courts in Baltimore,
together with plans and estimates for fitting up
and furnishing the same: which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PRIVATE BILL PAT.
The PRESIDENT. Petitions arc in order.
Mr. WADE. Can petitions be received to-
day under the ruin, this being private bill day?
The PRESIDENT. Private bills are the special
order for to-d ly, and will cornc up at one o'clock.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall proceed to their
consideration as soon as the rules will permit.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will reccive
petitions, that being- the first order of business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of a
committee appointed at a meeting of citizens of
Humboldt county, California, to petition for the
establishment of a mail route from the port of
San Francisco, by sea, direct to Humboldt bay;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
(Mice and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the corporation of Georgetown, piaying
for an appropriation for deepening the channel in
the harbor at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DODGE presented a memorial of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying the adoption of measures
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and CanaU.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial of the
NewOrleans Chamber of Commerce,praying that
copies of all public documents and other works
printed by order of Congicss may be sent to that
and to such other incorporated boards of trade
and chambers of commerce as may apply for the
same; which was refered to the Committee on
the-. Library.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of George
M. Gordon, asking for the passage of an act legal- |
izing the assignments under which he holds cer- >
tain military land warrants which were duly issued :
to the parties, and by th^m assigned to him in
good faith; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WELLER. I have a petition signed by
a large number of merchants of the city of San
Francisco, California. They represent that it has
become a common practice in the Atlantic ports
of the United States, in clearing vessels engaged
in the California trade, to manifest a large pro-
portion of their cargoes under the designation of
merchandise, or in some other general and indef-
inite manner; which practice is undoubtedly pur-
sued for the purpose of disguising and concealing
the articles composing such cargocs. They further
represent that the trade of California, since its
commencement, has always been attended with
fluctuations and revulsions of an extraordinary
and disastrous character, rendering the pursuits
of commerce far more dangerous and uncertain
than in any other portion of the Union. They
believe that reliable information of the movements
of trade between the Atlantic and Pacific ports
of the United States, such as could be obtained
from correct manifests of the vessels employed in
that trade, would have a highly important bearing
towards moderating, or averting1, the extremes of
scarcity and over-supply which have hitherto
characterized the markets of California. Thepcti-
Uoners ask that an act may be passed by Con-
; gress, which shall, by irs provisions, compel all
j vessels ensued in the trade between the Atlantic
• and Pacific ports of the United States, to specify
; upon thoir manifests the various articles com-
| posing their cargoes, with a proper designation
i of the packages containing such articles. This
j petition is signed by a very large number of
j merchants m San Francisco, and I ask for it the
careful consideration of the Committee on Com-
merce. 1 move that it be referred to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, Thiit the petition of Olivia W. Cannon, widow
of Joseph S. Cannon, on the files of the Senate, berefened
to the Committee on Pensions.
RESERVATION AT FORT CRAWFORD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
j resolution; winch was considered by unanimous
| consent, and agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Secictary of War bo requested to
, comuumK-at^ to the Senate hi.- viovvs in regard to the ex-
i pedieney of aiuhonziiu; the sale of the reservation oflands
ni Iowa made for the use of Foit Crawford, m W'oeonsin ;
and what Jaw, il any, should be passed on 'the subject.
jefferson's works.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
i sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, Tiint the Committee on the Lihiary be in-
structed to inqiuic into the cxpedicncv of authonzma the
Sectetaryni State (under uieh lestiaims and regulations as
he may piescribo) to pciinit s-uch psi^ns to have access to
the unpubh-iicd papers or Thomas Jefferson, deceased, (the
p'opeuv of the United States depositedm In? Department.)
as may rte-aie the ->ame for purposes of political or historical
reseaieh, and to take copies thereof.
ARKANSAS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs ho
m^uueted to inquire mto the expediency ot providing by
l.uv for refunding to the rotate of Aiiionm? the amount of
money expended by said State for the pay of men and offi-
ce;s, subsistence and forage, of a company of volunteer?
callcd into service under the requisition of the Govemoi of
'•nid Rtnte, to ie i-t incursions nt the Cherokee Indians, m
184G, and report by bill or otherwise.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN", from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of John L. Gilbert and others, in reference
| to the grade of Delaware avenue; reported that
the prayer of the petitioners ought not to be
granted.
He also, from the same committcc, to whom
was referred the memorial of Samuel A. Storrow,
M.D., praying for the establishment of an hospital
in the District of Columbia, reported that the
prayer of the memorialists ought not to be
granted.
! Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
I Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
; petition of citizens of Indiana, for a change of
the land laws, and the memorial of residents of
the State of California, against the confirmation
of land titles in that State, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Susan Marlow,
praying for a fee-simple to certain lands, reported
that the prayer of the memorialist ought not to be
granted.
lie also, from the same committcc, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry Volcker,
! submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
j 240) to confirm the title of Henry Volcker to a
! certain tract of land in the Territory of New
| Mexico. The bill was read the first time and
| passed to a second reading; and the report was
J ordered to be printed.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
; was referred the petition of the legal representa-
' tives of John Morrison and Charles Ginn, sub-
j mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
! 2-11) for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Morrison and Charles Ginn. The bill was
, read a first time, and passed to t)ie second read-
! ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
| ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it, was
, Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
' journ to meet on Monday next.
i JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED,
i Mr. DODGE asked, and by unanimous con-
: sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
! tion (S. R. No. 14,) relating to the appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan,
j Wisconsin; which was lead twice by its title, and
■ referred to the Committee on Commerce.
| DISTRICT ARMORY.
| Mr. BROWN. A week ago I reported from
: the Committee on the District of Columbia a joint
resolution to change the site of the District arm-
! ory. It was passed by the Senate; and the day
! following, as I saw by the reports—being detained
from the Senate by indisposition—the Senator
| from Florida [Mr. Yulee] moved a reconsider-
! ation. The motion has not been called up, and I
> do not see him now in his place. I am sorry that
he is not here. In the mean time, I observe by
the city papers that the officers of the Govern-
j ment in charge of the work are going on to con-
,■ struct it on the site where it was originally lo-
ll cated, without any regard to the action of the
j | Senate in the matter. I am desirous of having
j: the motion taken up and disposed of, so that the
: work may be arrested. I find in the Evening
jj Star of yesterday, an article of ten lines; which
I will read to the Senate, to show what has been
■ done, and what the object is:
i " The Armory—Those of our citizens who favor mili-
:, ta y associations will be glad to learn that the workmen are
en^ajred m picparmg the ground for the eicction of a new
armory. Tliewoikwas commenced on Tuesday, and at
the site first selected, on the mail between Four-and-a-Hajf
and Seventh streets. It is a spot that can be made to answer
all the purposed proposed. No doubta^ufiicK nt space will
be laid olFlor a Imnd-ome parade ground, which will be an
acquisition to our volunteer ie<?iment and companies. A
pioper place for regimental dull and paiadeis what tliey
have stood m need of, and desired for manj yeais."
The object which the committee had in report-
ing the joint resolution was to arrest the progress
of this woik. The object of the Senate in passing
the resolution, as I supposed, was to arrest it*,
but it seems to me that no sort of deference is paid
to the wishes of the Senate in regard to the matter.
The work is being pushed on without any refer-
ence to what has been done here or elsewhere. I
am sorry that the Senator from Florida is not in
his place; because if he were, I should, undcrthe
circumstances, insist on the consideration now of
the motion to reconsider; so that if it bo the wish
of the Senate that the work shall progress at the
point first designated, it may go on without any
embarrassment or difficulty; and if it be the de-
termination of Congress, as I hope it is, to arrest
this work, and preserve that reservation from
destruction, they may do so before the work goes
further, I had supposed that after the Senate
! unanimously passed the joint resolution declar-
j' ing its disposition to change the site of the build-
L ing, at least a few days delay would have occurred
li before it was pressed forward.
