1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
nine miles of Chicago. You cannot make me
believe that it is necessary to have a place of
refuge on Lake Michigan for your vessels within
nine miles of that city.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Put a cipher after the
nine—ninety miles.
. - Mr. WELLER. Even at that distance I doubt
its necessity. -I am willing to vote for these ap-
propriations where they come within the princi-
ple I have laid down. The Senator from Georgia
anil myself differ very widely in its application,
but I do not intend to discuss the question. It is
BOt a new one. It-has been discussed, I believe,
here for the last twenty years, and if I were a man
in affluent circumstances I would offer a thou-
sand dollars to any Senator who could produce a
single new idea on this subject, or present a new
view of this question. He are running' in a
circle. Wo always stop just where we started.
The same arguments year after year are repeated.
It is utterly impossible for us ever to agree on this
question. But, Mr. President, I will not detain
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to ask the Senator from
California a question. He and I do not differ
very widely m our views of the power of the Gen-
eral Government upon this subject. I understand
him to say that lie will vote for these appropria-
tions when he has information which satisfies him
that they are necessary for a place of refuge for
our Navy, or necessary for the military defense
of tile country. I ask him whether he has in-
formation in regard to any of these proposed bills
that satisfies inm they are necessary ?
Mr. WELLER, I had in regard for those for
which I voted.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator tell me whence
he derived the information, for 1 am not informed
upon the subject ?
Mr. WELLER.. I will give the Senator from
Alabama the information, if he will promise to
vote for them after I give it; but I do not see that
I shall grtin anything by communicating my in-
formation, unless he makes this promise.
Mr. CLAY. I ask, because 1 have not seen
any recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy,
or the Secretary of War;and 1 sec no report from
the committee upon the subject; anu 1 have
not been advised. I should like to know whence
the Senator derives the information ?
Mr. WELLER. It would be a very easy
thing for t ho Senator from Alabama to take a
chart and examine the position of Lake Michigan,
and then he could come to a conclusion whether
it was necessary to have a harbor on the lake as
a place of refuge for our vessels that are now
there. J am sorry that lie is not a military man:
it is well known to the Senate that 1 am. There
is the difference between us. I have looked to
tins as a military question, with a view to the
defense of the country and the protection of our
national defenses. By looking at tile chart J
have come to the conclusion that certain harbors
must be improved upon the lakes in order to
give adequate protection to the naval vessels, and
there 1 vote for the appropriation.
Mr. IVEIISON. How many are thereupon
Lake Michigan ?
Mr. WELLER. I cannot attempt to number
them, but i will take the trouble of ciphering
them tip iC my friend from Georgia will promise
to vote for them; otherwise I should be trifling
away time.
Mr. AIXSON. I desire very much that this
harbor at the mouth of Grand river shall go cor-
rectly u})on the Ifistory of the legislation of the
country, and 1 will contribute my mite to it as
fur as 1 have got the material or the means. I
have asked for the estimates; and the only esti-
mates that iiave been shown are those produced
by the honorable Senator from Michigan, fur
lushed by the topograhical corps In 1850.
Mr. CASS. Here is one in 1853.
Mr. MASON. 1 should like to see it. The
honorable .Senator gives it to me, and I find that
it is a report furnished pursuant to a resolution
of the Senate of .March 3, 1853, il requesting the
Secretary of War to communicate to the Senate
copies of ail instructions, reports, or accompany- ■
ii;g plans, and estimates, that have beeu issued
from, or been made to, that Department, in exe- j
eating the surveys and improvements of harbors ;
and rivers, under the act approved August 30, \
185 }; tiio&u instructions and reports to include the
direction distributing the duties between the two
corps of engineers, establishing the two boards,"
&c.
First,he presents various of them, and amongst
them is antappropriation of $20,000 "for con-
tinuing the improvement of the harbor of Grand
river, at the ipouth of Grand river, Michigan."
Now I am in search of information. I did not
know until this moment that the honorable Sen-
ator, who seems to be responsible, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, for these appropriations, did
not inform us that they had ever begun to make
a harbor at this point. I ask that Senator if they
have commenced such a work, and how far it is
advanced, for the information given us so far led
me to the belief that this was a tabula rasa so far as
any work was concerned.
Mr. SEWARD. I find that the harbor has
been begun, and this is for a continuation. The
plan proposed for this harbor is " to secure the
sand bluffs on the southern bank of the riverfrom
the action of the current, and to extend two piers
into the lake. The whole cost of the improve-
ment is estimated to be $162,126, for which $2,000
only has been appropriated—a sum inadequate to
purchase the machinery necessary for the work.
Under these circumstances but little work has
been done."
Mr. MASON. What is the date of that esti-
mate?
Mr. SEWARD. December, 1853.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator be good
enough to state the whole estimate ? Is it
$102,126J
Mr. SEWARD. Yes,sir.
Mr. MASON. Then in 1853 they took the
estimate which was made in 1850, the figures
show it to be the same, and it was then $162,126.
1 asked the honorable Senator from Michigan,
whether these were the only estimates, and he
refers me to a call for an appropriation, not an
estimate, in 1853, made by the War Department
under a resolution of Congress, in which they
suggested $20,000 as necessary for continuing the
improvement of this harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, Michigan. That is all the information I
have thus far.
Now let us look at these estimates. In 1850,
the estimates were made, and they are the esti-
mates relied on in 1853, as is shown by what has
been read by the honorable Senator who repre-
sents the Committee on Commerce. These esti-
mates were, that the aggregate cost of making the
harbor of Grand river would be $162,126, of
which £140,175 was for the construction of the
piers only. In this report of 1850, which is the
ba.Ms of die subsequent estimate of 1853, which is
not a real estimate, but only a suggestion that
they eould cTspend #20,000 during the fiscal year,
the colonel of engineers says:
'• The total estimate for Grand river is $160,126. But it
would nut surpmenicit the works m tins case eoukl be
lniuiv:t! to one wcll-constructcd pier, on the Kirle of the
most seven* and the mo?4 trcquent winds. At any rate, in
the coiu'tmetion of the work, watching effect*, m order to
save uuueee&i-aiy cost, such a course should be pursued."
He would not be surprised if they could effect
the work of making a harbor, by the construc-
tion of a single pier. Pie estimates the two
piers at $142,175, which would make the cost of
a single pier $70,000.
Now, what is the bill? The bill in a direction
to the Secretary of War to build a harbor at that
point, and requires him to bmkl it; and he is to
let the work to any contractors who will contract
to build it for $50,000.
The Secretary of "War, as the agent of the
President, is required to see that the law is car-
ried into execution. How will the President con-
strue it ? He must of necessity construe it thus:
'• Confess hay, by its mandate, required that a
harbor shall be built at this point, and it has ap-
propriated $50,000 to do it, and leaves to the War
Department to devise the plan: now, Mr. Secre-
tary of War, do you devise a harbor at the mouth
of this river, which can come within $50,000, is-
sue proposals, and give it to any contractor who
will do it." And what shall we have got when
it is done? We shall have a harbor there, or
that win ?h will be called a harbor, based on mere
cr>hj< nunc, utteily irresponsible, without data,
under the sanction of the Congress of the United
StaUs, for the law must be executed. The Sec-
retary 'if War must cause the harbor to be built,
and it must not cost more than $50,000; and that
is to be done on the basis of an estimate, show-
ing that,in 1850, when the work could be executed
cheaper than at the present time, it would cost
$70,000 to build a single pier.
Now, one word as to the character of these
esiimates. 1 heard with regret the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the other
day, speak in terms of derogation and, as I under-
stand, in great disparagement, of the fitness of
the officers of the topographical corps for works
of this kind. He said, as I understood him, that
the West Point officers, as he designated them,
were good for some things in war, but were ut-
terly valueless as topographical engineers; and
that he would rather trust steamboat captains.
Now, a gentleman who has some knowledge upon
the subject has furnished me with information
as to the way in which steamboat captains have
executed their work. Under an order of Con-
gress, taking it out of the hands of the proper
officers of Government, I am informed that the
Cumberland dam was not built by the board of
engineers. Congress having decided upon its pro-
priety, and not the board of engineers, it was con-
structed under the direction of a steamboat cap-
tain of the name of Shreve. Its bad location and
construction had been the subject of constant
complaint, and rendered an appropriation neces-
sary for its repeal in 1852. That is one work, not
built under the sanction and responsibility of the
organized corps of the Army which is responsible
to the nation, but built by a special appropriation
and special direction of Congress, under the charge
of a steamboat captain.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Virginia will
permit me to say to him that the objection t6 the
Cumberland dam is not as to the manner of its
construction, but thatwe should not have it at all.
Congress insisted upon putting it there. It is a
dam over the main stream of the Ohio, for the
purpose of forcing the channel, and that for the
benefit of the town of Smithland, Kentucky.
The fact is, that steamboat captains break-through
the dam with their boats; and no matter how
Congress builds it, they will do it.
Mr. MASON. I have no doubt the honor-
able Senator is right, but it shows the result of
building dams where they are not wanted, and
under the charge of improper persons.
Mr. PUGH. It was built at the entrance of
the town of Smithland. That influence prevailed
here to secure it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from Virginia allow me 
Mr. MASON. I will finish, and then the Sen-
ator can say what he chooses. It is a difficult
thing to get through what one wishes to say on
account of the interjections of all kinds. I am
informed, that some time in 1852 an appropriation
was made for the construction and repair of snag-
boats, dredge-boats, &c. These were also put
in charge of a steamboat captain named Russell;
and they cost much, but were poorly suited to
the work for which they were designed.
I have adverted to these facts to show what is
the irresponsible course of legislation when money
is to be expended for local purposes. The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, who is conversant with
this subject, says that the Cumberland dam was
not wanted, but it was built for the benefit of a
particular town near which it was. What in-
formation have we on the face of the earth, that
a harbor is wanted at Grand River, e.xcept that it
will be a convenient expenditure for the people
who live on Grand River? The very report to
which I shall presently advert, and the only re-
port upon which these estimates are based, in-
forms us that the river is navigable only for a
distance of six miles by lake craft. Who made
these estimates?
The honorable Senator from Michigan, who is
perfectly conversant with the modus operandi, tells
us that the estimates are obtained in this way:
a member of either House from the State offers
a resolution, which is adopted as a matter of
course, directing the Secretary of War to make
a survey, and when that survey is made the esti-
mates that follow are to be taken here as a recom-
mendation for the work, and the amount of ex-
penditure. Who made these estimates ? They do
not make surveys in all cases from the informa-
tion which I have, but I will show how this was
made. This which wc have now under consid-
