1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
174-0
eration, and on which we are asked to vote this
money, was made by "John R. Bowes, United
States agent." Can the honorable Senator in-
form us who Mr. Bowes, United States agent, is?
Mr. CASS. Perfectly. He is a gentleman
who, I believe, was at one-time in the topograph-
ical corps, and resigned. When works of internal
improvement were going on, he was one of the
officers who was employed for that purpose. He
is a man of skill and character in his profession.
Mr. MASON. As to his skill or profession I
know nothing, but if he were an officer of that
corps, either on its civil side or on its military
side, he would not have called himself " United
States agent." He was an agent of Indian affairs
I suppose.
Mr. CASS. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. Well, the estimate was madeby
Mr.Bowes,United States agent, under the instruc-
tions of the topographical corps. Whether he
was competent to do it I do not know; but he is
irresponsible to the country. The honorable Sen-
ator says he had been an officer of the topograph-
ical corps, and he vouches for his capacity and
competency. Why he was selected to do this
work, 1 know not, unless it may be he did it
more cheaplyHhan it could otherwise be obtained,
or because there was a deficiency in the corps of
officers. But be the cause what it may, he has
told you that the work cannot be done for less
than one hundred and sixty-two thousand dol-
Iars;and his estimates are adopted by the respons-
ible Department. He tells you that the cost of
two piers would be $140,000. The colonel of
engineers, who is responsible, says the cheapest
possible way to do the work (which is mere con-
jecture) is to build one pier that would cost
$70,000. And yet by this bill there is a mandate
to the Secretary of War to build a harbor at the
mouth of this river, in some way to bo built and
completed for $50,000. He must cut his coat
according to his cloth. If he cannot make ahar-
bor that will be of any value when it is done, he
must make a harbor, or he must come before
Congress and say: "Stultify yourselves; you
have ordered me to do a work which I cannot
do, which you were informed could not be done
at less than three times the amount of your ap-
propriation, and therefore I will take it on myself
to correct your follies, and refuse to do the
work." That is all the alternative that is left to
the President and Secretary. The law is a man-
date; the law must be executed. Then Con-
gress by its statute, in pursuing this system of
internal improvements, which has the recom-
mendation of not being general, calls on the Sec-
retary of War to expend §50,000 without the
slightest recommendation in the world, or any
guarantee that the work will be of any value
when it is done.
Now, I wish, as the honorable Senator from
South Carolina says, ifl can, to arrest public at-
tention, at least in the region from which I come,
to let the people see how the money of the pro-
ducing States is expended here under the sanction
of this second resolution of the Cincinnati Con-
vention.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, addressed the Sen-
ate upon the subject. His remarks will be pub-
lished hereafter.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 24, 185G.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The SPEAKER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to have the Journal of yesterday
read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When there is a
quorum present it can be done.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following named members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Ball, Barclay, Cishop, Bowk, Boyce, Burlin-
game, Cadwaiader, James h. Campbell, John i . Camp-
bell, fiPWw D. Campbell, Caskie, Child*, Bayard Clarke,
Howell Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cullen, ileiuy Winter
Davis, Day, De Witt, Dickson. Dowdell. Edie, Edmund-
son, EustU, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, Granger, Augustus Hall, J.
Morrison Jlairis, Sampson W. Harris, ilartison, Herbert,
Hickman, llollman, Howard, J. Glancy Jones. Kelly, Kid-
well, King, Kuukel, Mace, Alexander K. McirsliftU, II mn
phrey Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall, McUueen. Miilward,
Moore, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peaice.
Feck, Pelion. Phelps, Powell, Richardson, lliverv, Kobb.ns,,
Roberts, tlobisou, Rust, Saudid^e, Shorter, "William R.
Smith, Spinner,Talbott, Trippe,Valk,Walker Cadwaiader
C. Washbume. Watson, Wells, Wheeler, Woodworm,
and Daniel B. Wright.
The SPEAKER then ordered the doors of the
Halt to be closed; and they were closed accord-
ingly. *-■
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How many mem-
bers have answered to their names ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and forty-three.
Mr. FULLER. I call for tellers upon my
motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and then the motion
was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now call the
names of the absentees, when the Chair will re-
ceive excuses for members who are absent.
Mr. GIDDINGS. T would inquire if it is not
the duty of the Speaker to make out Ins warrant
to bring in absent members?
The "SPEAKER. It is for the House to make
such order in regaid to absentees as they see fit.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the names of
the absentees, under which call the follow mg pro-
ceedings were had:
Edward Ball.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Ball is engaged in
discharging his duties upon the special committee
on the expenditures upon the public buildings,
and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James Bishop.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I desire to say that Mr.
Bishop was called from the city by a telrgiaphic
dispatch day before yesterday on important pri-
vate business, and has paired off with Mr. J ones,
of Pennsylvania. 1 move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Davo Barclay. No excuse offered.
William W. Boyce.
Mr. McdUEEN. My colleague, M.\ Boyce,
has paired off for seveial days with Mr. Mill-
waro. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN, (at eleven o'clock and
thirty minutes.) Is it in order to move that the
House do now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
[Cries of " No!" " No!"and " Goon !"] And
upon that I demand tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays, for no good can come from carrying
this proceeding ar.y further. You are excusing
members for pairing off.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was disagreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House a few moments
since excused the chairman of the select com-
mittee on the expenditures upon the public build-
ings. The other members of that committee are
no*w in the gallery, and I suppose they should be
admitted.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent tor the
Chair to make any such order. The Clerk will
proceed with the call of the roll.
Thomas S. Bocock.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Mr. Bocock has paired
off with Mr. De Witt, he being under the neces-
sity of going home. I move therefore that he be
excused. .
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. It is not worth
while to have a call, if every body who has paired
off is to be excused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I merely rise—
although I believe it is not in order to make an
argument at this stage of proceedings—to express
my disapprobation of this system of pairing oft.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. It has been the custom
of the House ever since I have been a member
for members to pair off, and it is too late now 16
attempt to punish members who have paired off,
under the expectation that that would bo tolerated
as formerly. I hope my colleague will be ex-
cused
Mr. BURNETT. Before the vote be taken in
regard to Mr. Bocock, I desire to say that Mr-
C ad w alader and other gentlemen are now in the
gallery.
The SPEAKER. That question is not before
the House. The question is on excusing the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocuck.]
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the House will
make this a test question, and if Mr. Bocock be
excused, let us suspend further proceedings. If
the fact of a gentleman pairing oiF is to entitle
him to be excused, we may as welt suspend the
call.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope this will be made
a test question 011 this point—that is, that we
excuse all who have paired off and are out of the
city, and cxcuse none others. I think that is a
good excuse.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think so too.
A Member. Is the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the question is a debatable one to a certain
extent.
Mr. ALLISON addressed the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope this exhibition will
show the folly of meeting at eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting ) That is not
the question before the House. The Chair is
obliged to confine gentlemen to the immediate
question.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know how the gentlemen on the oppo-
site side of the House can be heavtf all the time,
while we cannot be heard at all **
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Georgia, that that is not a
question of order as presented in that form. It
any member have the floor, and the gentleman
from Geoigia make objection, the Chair will first
rule on that objection.
Mr. SEWA'llD. I was endeavoring for ten
minutes to get the attention of the Chair, and
could not be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say that
the gentleman from Georgia was^ not entitled to
the iloor when he addressed the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that all the absentees
be excused at once.
The SPEAKER. That is equivalent to a mo-
tion to suspend further proceedings. The gen-
tleman from Georgia moves that all the absentees
be excused for non-attendance.
Mr. PURYEAR. It appears that everything
is out of order here, and I hope that I will be per-
mitted, out of order, to make one remark. I
think it unfair now to suspend farther proceed-
i mgs in the call, when a number of gentlemen
| have made excuses for their friends 111 justifica-
I Hon of their absence. I desire to make an ex-
! cuse for a friend of mine who is absent, and alter
j his name shall have been called,and i shah have
! made an cxcuse for him, 1 will have no objection
{ to the suspension of further proceedings under
j the call. ,
! The question was taken on Mr. Seward s
i motion; and it was not agreed to.
| The question recurred on the motion to excuse
| Mr Bocock.
1 Mr. CL1NGMAN. I wish to facilitate business,
| and therefore it is well enough to understand the
\ rule by winoh we are to be governed. We have
! had a call of the House. If gemlemen are ab-
I sent through the sickness, of themselves or of
! some member of their family, I think that that
is a legitimate excuse; but I do not think any
other excuse legitimate; and I submit now that
the House should determine that point. If we
are to enforce the rules of the House, let us go on
with the call and excuse nobody where it eamot
be shown that they are necessarily absent. If
gentlemen neglect the public business here to
