1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL «W>m
on the table, and it was agreed to—yeas 166, nays
39; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Bar-
tour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson,
BUIinghurst, Bliss, Bo'coak, Bowie, Bovce. Bradshaw,
Branch, Brooks, Buffington, Burlingame, Caskie, Cbaffee,
....J fit «*■.!<- Ptorlf r"H«i>man Hntvell WiL
urancil, oroufts, numugwu, uuj,uugaitic« vanivic, vtiuuvt,
Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox,
Cragin, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Cumbaek, JDa.mreU,
Davidson, Day, Bean, De Witt, Bick, Dickson, Dodd,,
Powdell, Durfee, Edinundson, Elliott, Emrie, English',
Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Goode,
Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. HaJ3,
JHarlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Herbert,
Hickman, Thomus K. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.Glaney
Jones, Keitt, Ki<Hvell, King, ICnapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Maee,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Max-
well, McCarty, McMnllui, McQueen, Meacliam, KiUian
Miller, Smith Miller, MUlson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Backer, Parker, Pearee,
Peck, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Powell, Prin-
gle, Purvianec, Heady, Hichardson, Roberts, Hobwon,
Ruffin, Sabin, Sage, SandidgeV Sapp, Sherman, Shorter,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William .Smith, William R.
•Smith, Sneed, Spmner,' Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan,
Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, TJiorington, Thurston, Trafton,
Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washhurne,
Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watkiti*, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff1, Woodworth,
John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—166.
NAYS — Messrs. Ball, Brenton, Broom, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, dawson, Henry Wmtcr Davis,
Dunn, Edie, Evans, Henry M. Fuller, J. Morrison Harris,
•Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Kelly, Kunkel,
Alexander IC. Marshall, Millward, Moore, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Pame, Pennington, Puryear, Ciuitman, Reade, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Robhios, Savage, Scott, Todd, Vail, Vaik,
Wheeler, and Whitney—39.
So the resolution was laid oil tlie table.
Pending the call—
Mr. BARKSDALE said: Mr. Clerk, I have
been requested by my colleague [Mr. Henry S.
Bennett] to state that his absence from the House
to-day and on "Wednesday last has been caused
by severe indisposition.
Mr. WATSON. Mr. Clerk, I wish to say a
word. I understand that my colleague [Mr.
Leiter] has not consented to the use of his name.
With entire confidence in, and high regard for him,
I,shall, under the circumstances, vote ay.
Mr. TJNDEKWOOD. Mr. Clerk, propositions
for the organization of the House seem to bo the
order of the day. The wprse fate which appears
to attend any of them is, that of being laid on the
table. I have a resolution which, I am sure, if
adopted and carried out in good faith, mustneces-
sarily result, although it will take some time to
accomplish it, in the election of aSpcaker and the
organization of the House. From the present
attitude of members, I am deliberately of the
opinion that there is no other alternative, no other
expedient than the one presented by my resolu-
tion. It is presented in good faith; and it is sub-
mitted, furthermore, for the purpose of giving to
every gentleman a fair and full chance of occupy-
ing the distinguished position to which some gen-
tlemen have been aspiring so long and so labo-
riously—not by any improper aspirations of their
own, but by the devoted adhesion of their friends .
who have so faithfully voted for them. I send
the resolution to the Clerk's table.
TliS Clerk read the resolution as follows:
Resolved, That the fh'.-4 gentleman on the loll or list of
members ot" the House of Representatives be put in nomi-
nation for the office of Speaker; that thereupon the roll be
called once, and if he fail to receive a majoiny of all the
votes cast, being a majority of a quorum, that then the next
member on the roll be in like manner put m nomination
and voted for, and so on thiough the roll, until some mem-
ber receives a majority of the whole number of votes ca*t,
which said member shall be duly declaicd the Speaker of
this House. But should it so occur, when the whole list
of members has thus been called thiough and voted for as
aforesaid, that no member shall receive a majouty of the
whole number of votes casu being amajorify of a quorum,
the House shall report the tact to the Senate, and request
its concurrence 111 an adjournment until the first Monday
of June, 1858.
Mr. ALBRIGHT. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Clerk, under the
suggestion of a friend, I modify my resolution
so that the words in reference to the adjournment
shall be stricken out.
Mr. WADE. I suggest that the resolution be
further modified so that we of the lower half of
the list may have something like an equal chance
with the others. Those in the W's may have
aspirations, and it is but fair to give them an equal
chance. Let the gentleman amend so that the
vote shall commence with the end of the roll.
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. I
move that we commence with A and go next to
Z, and so on alternately. [Laughter.]
Mi'. ALBRIGHT. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. DEAN. I renew the motion.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend that res-
olution if it is in order.
The CLERK. A motion to lay on the table
is now pending.
Mr. STANTON. My amendment is to strike
out the word " majority," and insert "having
the largest number.5'
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
_ The House proceeded to vote the ninety-second
time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 221; necessary to a
choice, 111; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 104
William A. Richardson..    73
ElenryM. Fuller  34
Alexander C. M. Pennington  6
James L. Oir  2
John Williams   1
Gilchrist Porter  1
So there was no choicc.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Brads-haw, Brenton, Buffington, BurlLngame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Coh'a.v, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek, Dam-
rell, Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, DiekVon, Dodd, Duifee,
Edic, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, (Jiihhnjrs, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Haiian, Ilolloway, Thomas 11.
llouon, "Valentine B. Iloiton, Howard, Ilu^hston, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
Matteson, McCarty, Meachain, ICillian Miller, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Munay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pcatcc, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringlc,
Puiviance, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberta, llobison, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Sheiman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tratton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walltridgc, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washbuinc, Elhhu B. Waslilnune, Tsiael Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson — Mesars. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngmun., Iiowell Cobb,
Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Craure, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdull, Ednmndspn, Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. flarri*, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Houston, Hickman, Jcwctt, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Millci, Millson, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Quitmrm, JUuffin, Runt, Sandidge, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Taibott, Taylor, Vail, Warner, Walkms, Wells,
Wmslow, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell. Bay-
ard Clark, Cox, Cullen, Heniy Winter Davis, Ethendge,
Eiiftits, Evan?', Foster, J. Moirison llatn^, Hoffman, Ken-
neu, Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Miihvard, Paine, Porter, Puryear,Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, William it. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolhoolicr.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moor*.', and Seott.
For Mr. On—Mcssi . Richaidson and Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr Wheeler.
For Mr. Poiter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tellers
on that motion.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Clingmax, and
Washburn of Maine, to act as tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 92, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at a quarter past three o 'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
v
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 5, 185G.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Daniel B. Wright, of Mississippi, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I desire to
make a short statement to the House, preliminary
to a proposition which I shall submit for its action.
Perhaps I shall not be able to make my purpose
plain and intelligible in the short space of ten
minutes, and I respectfully ask now, that if I
should pot get through before that tinie expires,,
I.jm.ay he permittedto pre.eepg.,
The CLERK. If there is no objection,,.the
gentleman from Tennessee wiUprofieed. '
No objection was made. .  ' >4 <
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Sir, I wiH not'.allijd-? in
detail to the state of affairs here^ii^ag.-Jbeip
often alluded to., anjl -would not
tition from me. It would be unkind to,"the' gOp$
sense of the House pot to -suppose * that? esfel#
gentleman has properly appreciated the condi-
tion of public affairs. I say:l will not allude to
it in detail. I will briefly say that friends of
the various candidates who have been yoted fo,r
haye shown their deep devotion to their respect-
ive favorites. Ninety-odd votes have been t?dcen,
and those votes have demonstrated only two
propositions: first, that the gentlemen being.voted
for have warm and enthusiastic friends; awl>
secondly, that if eitherof them should be, elecied,
they would not refuse the honors of the chair.
Sir, I have voted for Mr. Fox,i.br, of Pennsyl-
vania, with great pleasure. I do not 'propose
peremptorily to abandon him now. If the prop-
osition which I shall make is not responded ip
by softie of the friends of the other candidate^,
[ shall not fail to go back and give my vote for
Mr. Fuller as I have heretofore done. I will
assume, however, that in case either of the gen-
tlemen who have been voted for'should be elected
Speaker, none of the evils which gentlemen
have predicted would befall the country. I be-
lieve that if the honorable gentleman from IVJas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who is yet young in
years, and desirous of an enviable fame, should
be elected, (I do not care what considerations
may have moved his friends in selecting him as
a candidate,) he has too much pride and too
much self-respect and intelligence so to deport
himself as to excite the just indignatio.n and
reprehension of the country; and so of tjie gen-
tleman from Illinois, and the gentlemen fiom
Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
But, sir, voting for those gentlemen has become
chronic, and the longer we vote for them the more
impossible it will be for any of us to abandon our
positions. In the present aspect of things, noth-
ing can or ought to be done without a change of
nominations. Nothing will be done so long as
all those candidates are kept in nomination. , I
have no authority to withdraw Mr. Fuller's
name; and I will frankly state that the course
which I deem it proper to pursue on this occasion
does not receive the approval of that gentleman
friends. But it meets my own views, and acting
upon my own responsibility as a Representative,
I shall not hesitate to adopt that course which I
think the public exigency requires.
Now, this House is divided in political senti-
ment. There are three or four parties here, elected
as the representatives of particular sentiments.
Those sentiments have been inflamed by the
occurrences of the past month. 1 say, in this
state of the case, it would not be fortunate for
the country if any member was to be elected who
is the representative of extreme sentiments, jt
would be better if a gentleman were chosen who
had intelligence, pride of character, and independ-
ence, and who was not indissolubly tied up with
either one of the parties here, because then he
would be free to act as his judgment and duty
might dictate.
It has been urged in private circles that letters
of encouragment are pouring in from the people.
I suppose that many gentlemen here have received
from intelligent constituents at home, letters indi-
cating their approval of the course which their Rep-
resentatives have respectively seen fit to pursue.
Now, I venture to say that those letters are mostly
written by the politicians in the country, and do
not speak the proper sentiments of the great
body of the people. I think myself that it will
bo regarded as very remarkable that the Repre-
sentatives of the American people, elected for
their supposed patriotism and intelligence, cannot
in some way, by some exercise of forbearance,
elect a presiding officer who would be competent
to enforce such rules as we may adopt for our
own government, in the performance of the ordi-
nary "business of legislation. I say it is remark-
able that it cannot be done. I believe the senti-
ment of the country demands of this House a
speedy organization, and that the public judgment
is that such organization should not be a triumph
