1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
I need liardly say, that the very puipose as-
signed for placing this building at the point where
it is proposed, furnishes, to my mind, the strong-
est possible reason why it should not be done.
Here is a magnificent reservation, now the only
one in the city which has not been materially
encroached upon; and yet we are told in advance
that it is to be given up for a parade ground. A
reservation which was originally intended, by the
Father of his Country, for the benefit of a whole
people, is to be now dedicated to the purpose of
a parade ground, on which the volunteer compa-
nies of this city may occasionally display them-
selves in martial array.
I wish to have an opportunity of expressing
my views at length on this subject, to show how
improper it is, in my judgment, that this should
be done; but as the Senator from Florida is not
now in his place, and as no very great harm can
result from allowing it to lie over for a day, and
as he indulged me during my indisposition, by
not calling it up, X do not propose to have the
questions acted on now; but 1 wish the Senate to
take notice of the fact that while we are delayed
here on a motion to reconsider, the work is go-
ing on.
Mr. RUSK. The joint resolution which was
passed, to change the site of this building, was
agreed to by the Senate, without much consider-
ation. I had the impression, from what was said
at the time, that a contract was made which
would require a much larger expenditure of
money than the $30,000 appropriated by Con-
gress at the last session. I have understood since
then, however, that the contract to complete the
building has been made for a less sum than the
amount appropriated.
The objection is made as to the place where it
is put—upon the mall. Why, sir, the Smithso-
nian Institution is already there. The resolution
contemplates removing the armory to Judiciary
Square, which is the most unsuitable place in
the city for any thing of that description, in my
judgment. 1 cannot see anything thatis to result
from putting it there unless it be the erection of a
splendid building in a particular neighborhood.
To keep a number of guns around the court-
house, and to have a parcel of boys parading on
every occasion in the immediate precinct, it
strikes me would be very inappropriate. AVe
have an arsenal in this city which has cost a
great deal of money, and I understand there is
a proposition to increase it.
"I have no objection to the reconsideration. In
fact I shall vote for the reconsideration; but still
I, have serious objections to putting the building
on Judiciary Square. I should have no objec-
tion to pay damages to these contractors and
repeal the original appropriation.
Mr. BROWN. JXor should I. In reference to
the contract there seems to be a misunderstand-
ing. If any one understood me the othei morning
to say that the Government had actually con-
tracted for the expenditure of a larger sum than
had been appropriated, I was misunderstood.
What I said was, that the officers in charge of
this work contemplated the erection of a much
more expensive building than was originally
supposed necessary. I made that statement upon
these facts: Major Bell, who is the superintend-
ent, came to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, with the plan of the armory—two
wings and a main building. The contract is for
building the east wmg of that house, and it is, as
I understand—I have not seen tho contract—to
be done for about §28.300 out of the §30,000 ap-
projDi'iated. When ho makes that communica-
tion in an official paper—I have it in my desk—
he notifies us that the building is not to be com-
pleted for that money; that material par's of it
will be left unfinished; and that if ltbe completed,
a larger appropriation will be necessary. The
gun racks are not to be put there; the accouter-
ment presses are not to be placed there, for that
amount. The building is not to be pamted.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi, that the Senator from Florida
has introduced a resolution calling on the War
Department for full information on. this subject.
Mr. BROWN. I know that; but in the mean
time they are going on with the work at a site
where, I have understood, Congress was not
willing to let the work remain.
I give notice now, that on Monday morning I
shall call up this joint resolution, and insist on
its being disposed of. I care not a sixpence about
it except so far as my duty as a member of the
committee is concerned. If it be the determina-
tion of the Senate to let the building remain as it
is, let us know it, and be done with the subject;
but if we intend to adhere to the resolution which
we have passed, or to do anything about it, let
us do it at once, and arrest the work.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, since the mo-
tion to reconsider was made by the Senator from
Florida, he has introduced a resolution, which
was alluded to by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, calling on the President for in-
formation in regard to his action under the act of
Congress, appropriating the $30,000 for this pur-
pose, and authorizing the President to select a
place, and to cause a contract to be made for the
purpose of constructing this building. The Sen-
ate acted the other day without reference to what
the President had done. I am informed that a
contract has been made, by the Secretary of War,
for the erection of tho building, with competent
persons, and the location, after repeated exam-
inations, has been settled at the point where the
building is to be constructed. I think it will ap-
pear that the action of the Senate the other day
was premature. At all events, I am gratified that
the Senator from Mississippi proposes to let the
subject lie until Monday of next week, by which
time I presume the report from the President will
be made.
Mr. BROWN. In reference to the location of
this building I have to say, that the act of Con-
gress required it to be located in a "central"
position; and now Colonel Craig, in making his
report, says:
"The next sites examined were on reservation No. 9, in
rear ot'the City Hall. This looahty is more cential than the
others; it is dry, and portions of it level, and in condition
for building upon."
That is the place where it was not put. Why
not?
Mr. TOUCEY. The reason why it was not
put there was, that that spot is m the immediate
vicinity of the hospital, where there are sick peo-
ple, and in the immediate vicinity of the courts
of justice, where military parades and military
operations would bo very objectionable; and also
bccause, at this location, it requires a heavy out-
lay to lit the ground for the purpose for which it
is proposed. 1 hope we shall defer further action
until the report comes in from the President of
the United States.
The PRESIDENT. There is no question
before the Senate.
THE "VVINFIELD SCOTT AND SAN FRANCISCO
STEAMERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the Private Cal-
endar.
The motion was agreed to. •
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Pri-
vate Calender is the bill (S. No. 103) reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, for the
relief of the officers and soldiers of the United
States Army, *vvho sustained loss by the disasters
to the steamships Winficld Scott and San Fran-
cisco.
The bill was* read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War to
ascertain the value of the property lost by each
officer, non-commissioned officer, and private of
the United States Army, who was on board the
steamship Winfield Scott, on the 2d of De-
cember, 1833, when she was wrecked between
; San Francisco and New York; and on board the
j steamship San Francisco, on the 5th of January,
I 3 854, when she was wrecked between New York
j and San Francisco; and to pay the amounts so
j ascertained; but no allowance is to be made for
| any property except such as was necessary and
i proper for, and is usually carried by, officers and
j soldiers while on the voyage when ordered on
j distant service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading-, read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN LANGDON C. EASTON.
The bill (S. No. 104) reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for the relief of Cap-
tain Langdou C. Easton, assistant quartermaster
of the United States Army, was -read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its object is to direct the proper accounting of-
ficers of the War Department to credit Captain
Langdon C. Easton, assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted &atesArmy, in the settlement of his accounts,
with the sum of $17,650, being the amount of
which he was defrauded by his late clerk, Gfus-
tavus McHarcourt, while stationed at Santa Fe,
New Mexico.
Mr. STUART. I presume the Senator who
reported this bill can give us the facts which are
stated in the report.
Mr. WELLER. The facts can be more easily
ascertained from the reading of the report.
Mr. STUART. Then I should like to hear it
read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the petition of Captain Langdon C. Easton, assistant quar-
termaster m the Army, praying that he may be credited with
an amount of money of which he was defrauded by his late
clerk, respectfully report:
That in April, 1850, Captain Easton was assigned to duty
as assistant quartermaster at Santa F6, New Mexico,
having under his direction eleven posts to be supplied with
funds and stores, in addition to which he liad charge of the
clothing depot of the ninth military department. The du-
ties of the assistant quartermaster's department were such
as to require the services of a clerk, and Captain Easton
employed in that capacity one Gustavus McHarcourt This
McHarcourt had been for several years previous to Ins en-
gagement with Captam Easton employed as confidential
clerk in the pay department, and was recommended by the
department to Captain Easton as an able and accomplished
clerk, and as a person of trustworthy and irreproachable
character. Captain Easton also admits that for somn twelve
months before the commencement of his peculations the
said McHarcourt discharged ins clerical duties with honesty
and ability, so as to merit the confidence of ad who knew
him.
It appears, fiom the evidence accompanying the peti-
tion, that Captain Easton, during his continuance at Santa
Fe, fiom July, 1830, to July, lft51,\vasatdifif'Hint intervals
detiaudod of'sevemeen thousand six hundred and fifty-one
dollars bv the said Gustavus McHarcourt, his late chief
clerk. The history of these frauds may be thus briefly
stated:
First. On the 27th of Febniary, 1851, Captain Easton
received fiom Captain A. W. Bowman, one hundred and
seventy-live thousand two hundred and twenty dollars, and
made an entry of tjie receipt of the same in the books for
that date. The clerk abstracted five thousand dollars, and
concealed the fraud by eiasmg the 5 and substituting an 0,
whereby the books and cash on hand wore made to a?ree.
Secondly. On the l*2th of April, 1851, Captain Easton
again received the sum of three thousand dollars from Cap-
tain A. W. Bowman, and the same was entered m the
books of that date; and on the 14th of the same month the
sum of five thousand dollars was received from Lieutenant
II. 1). Schtccder, and entered accordingly. The whole eight
thousand dollars were abstracted by McHarcourt, and the
aforesaid two entries entnely eiased, whereby the books
and cash on hand again agreed.
Thirdly. In April, 1851, the said clerk again abstracted
two thousand threehundied and fifty dollars. He concealed
this fraud by passing on Captain Easton an order from Cap-
tam A. Buford ior the full amount, and his receipt for the
same, so that from this receipt and order the books again
appeared correct. This receipt and order were, however,
auerwards discoveied to he foigeries.
Finally. The said McHarcourt abstracted two thousand
three hundred and one dollars, and concealed this fraud
also by filing among the accounts for the thud quarter,
1P51, a" diaft for that amount from Lieutenant H. B. Schrcs-
der in favor of George Hayward. This draftjiad been be-
fore piesentedand paidm thefirstquarter, 1851,and placed
on the file of accounts for that quarter, indorsed : '• Paid
by Captam Easton first quarter, 1851, and filed in his ac-
counts for that quarter." McIIaicouittransfened thisdraft
to the files for the third quarter, and changed the indorse-
ment from u fiut" to third "quarter.
In September, 1851, Captain Easton, while at St. Louis,
Missouri, was notified by the quarteimaster General of the
deficiency in his accounts, and it was then, for the first
time, lie discovered, or oven suspected, the dishonesty of
his chief cleik. He returned as soon as piacticable lo Santa
FtS m pursuit of McHarcourt, and learned that he had ab-
sconded sumcthiee months previous, and taken shipping
from Mnzatlan, Mexico.
Your committee would further state that they have ex-
amined Captain Enston's books, proved to have been kept
msaidMcIIarcouit'shandwuting, and have seen*the afore-
said alteianons and erasures.
The high standing of Captain Easton as a public officer,
and a gentleman of moral and economical habits, is suffi-
ciently attested by tnc quaiteimaster geneial and other
otficeis of the Army, by respectable citizens of Santa F£,
and by several otheis.
Your committee regard the case of a meritorious public
officer, defiauded without any fauit of his own by a clerk
in whom, from his previous character, he had every reason
to repose unlimited confidence, as a case presenting pecu-
liar claims to favorable consideration, and therefore they
\ respectfully report the accompanying bill, and recommend
its "passage.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President there are two
points connected with this case about which I
should like to be further advised. It is stated
that this clerk had been a man of previous good
character, and that he was recommended to this
