150
MIT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of any section, or any extreme opinionsI believe
that such a triumph would be productive of no
good. ,
Some of, my friends have expressed much dis-
approbation of a resolution which the Democratic
caucus thought proper to adopt. I have said,
heretofore, nothing about that resolution because
I cared nothing about it. It was-never a matter
of the slightest importance to anybody, for in
this age of the world platforms and resolutions
are the orders of the day, and they are made one
hour to be despised and repudiated the next. I
have not, I say, attached the slightest importance
to that resolution, and I care nothing about it
now. If the Democratic party, in passing that
resolution, thought proper to insult any portion
of their fellow-citizens, the act will recoil upon
themselves; if such was not their design, they
are guilty of nothing more than a blunder.
My honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Humphrey Marshall,] who thought proper, at
an early day of the session, to express his opin-
ions, declared he would neither ask nor receive
Quarter. That was a chivalrous declaration; and
doubt not the declaration was sincerely^ made.
I do not ask that gentleman to disclaim ft now.
But I am one of those unfortunate men who,
during my whole life, have been guilty of so many
acts of folly, that I have been compelled often to
beg quarter. I am not afraid to beg for quarters
when I consider it proper to do so. I am one of
that class of politicians who do not subscribe to
the celebrated declaration of Daniel Webster,
made upon a memorable occasion, that he " took
no step backward"—a declaration which, in my
judgment, has been injurious to many lesser men
m the country. Sir, he might well make the
declaration, for, right or wrong, he had the intel-
lectual power and position to live up to his posi-
tions.
But, sir, secondary men like myself might well
act upon a different principle. And I suggest to
some of my associates that they had better take one
step forward and two backward, and perhaps they
would be quite as near right as some of them
now are. It has come to this, that no gentleman
here is inclined to take a step backward. Sir, in
making a proposition which shows concession
and a spirit of compromise on my part, I demand
some concessions from others. I think, in the
present condition of things, that the Speaker
should be one whoso election will furnish some
apology, at least, to that portion of the House
who have been elected under the influence of that
intense excitement which, for two years, has per-
vaded the northern mind. I know that a large
majority of this House are Representatives of
congressional districts, the people of which, it
is well known, were opposed to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise; but I tell them that their
demands should not be such as to insult their
brethren in other sections of the country.
I propose for Speaker of this House, one who
voted upon the passage of the Nebraska bill,
and whose vote stands upon the record against
it. And I say to my southern friends, jvho have
made the Nebraska bill a test of political ortho-
doxy, that something of concession is demanded
at your hands. I do not desire, in the present
state of the country, that the Speaker of this
House should be the embodiment of the extreme
opinions of either section of the Union. Sir, is !
there such a man hereIs there a gentleman in j
this House, combining congressional experience, [
talent, integrity, and firmness? Sir, there are I
many members here who were opposed to the j
passage of that measure, and whose opposition
has become a mania. Their hostility to that
measure, I fear, is now made a pretext by which
to carry out their extreme opinions in such a
manner, and to such an extent, as to beget in-
tense excitement in the South. That, I fear, is
their purpose and aim, and it is to defeat that
purpose that I now appeal to the moderate men
of all parties to come up and do that which will
work no injustice to any reasonable man's opin-
ions, and which will do justice to all quarters.
I allude to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, Mr. Millson.
Now, sir, in proposing to vote for that gentle-
man for Speaker I surrender, for the present, my
long cherished Whig principles, to which I am
devotedly attached, and which are still my first
love. I have been devoted to the Whig party in
the days of its prosperous fortunes. I have never
yet said that " the Whig party is dgad." I have
thought that the Whig party, like the King, may
" demise," but never " die;" and I have believed
that " it can do no wrong." I am willing upon
this occasion—elected as I was, proclaiming my
devotion to Whig principles upon every occa-
sion; denouncing, as I did, the favorite measure
of this Administration, which has brought upon
us the present unhappy condition of affairs—I
am willing now to cease, for the present, voting
with sole reference to my own opinions, if, by so
doing, I can aid in organizing the House. Mr.
Millson is not my first choice. My own prefer-
ence is for the gentleman from New York, Mr.
Haven.
Now, I propose to test the sincerity of the so-
called Republican party, who make opposition
to the Nebraska bill a " sine qua non" m the or-
ganization of this House. They have said, that
they cannot, and they will not, vote for any one
who stood committed to that measure. I tell
them, the record shows that the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill son] to whom I
allude voted against that bill. Ana, sir, I will
say to that portion of my friends who with me
have voted for the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Fuller,] that the gentleman froin Virginia
[Mr. Millson] stood m his place during the
pendency of that contest, ready and anxious to
offer an amendment which was designated or
known here as the Clayton amendment, the
object of which was to remove from the bill that
objectionable feature which legalizes alien suf-
frages in the Territories. I will add further, that
that gentleman was not a member of the caucus
which nominated Mr. Richardson; and I will
declare to those who have had so much to say
respecting the peculiar principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, that the honorable gentleman from
Virginia does not approve the principles of that
bill, as its friends have recently expounded them
on this floor.
In the election of the gentleman from Virginia
to the speakership you who are standing on the
Democratic caucus platform will have no cause for
exultation. The people of the North, when they
see their Representatives voting for a gentleman
who stood opposed to the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, cannot revel ill the consciousness
that they have elected one who is personally
offensive to their brethren in the South. As I
before remarked, those who, with me, have voted
for the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Puller,] should remember that Mr. Mill-
sox was opposed to that particular feature of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill—alien suffrage—to which
the American party stands opposed, and which
composes one of the fundamental principles of
the national American platform. I would not
propose this gentleman if his election would be a
triumph of any section or of any party. He has
much legislative experience. He would bring
to the chair ability, pride of character, and an
honest desire to promote the interests of the
country, and to facilitate us in the discharge of
our duties.
I might perhaps enlarge on what I have said,
but it is unnecessary, because every member must
see and know that the House cannot and will not
be organized unless there be some concession
from some quarter. I will add, furthermore, that
that portion of the Republican party which makes
the repeal of the Missouri compromise a test
question, ought to remember that the bare intro-
duction of such a question will be productive of
mischief, and cannot possibly result in any good.
But, sir, there is no man of common sense in this
House who does not know that, if that proposi-
tion were to pass this House, it would have to
rlfn the gauntlet of the Senate, and would then,
if it survived that ordeal, have to encounter the
sword of Executive displeasure in the shape of a
veto. And knowing this, and feeling this, after
the House has spent five weeks in fruitless efforts
to organize, they should he satisfied that it is
impossible to elevate to the chair any gentleman,
from any section, who is the embodiment of but
one idea.
In conclusion, Mr. Clerk, I will say that in
taking this step I have not consulted the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, whose name I have
presented. I did not deem it proper to consult
him, though it might perhaps have been right
for me to do so. But I know, if he be elected, he
could not, and ought not to decline.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania for whom
I have voted [Mr. Fuller] has.still my confi-
dence; and in withdrawing my support from him
for the present, I may be permitted to express
my continued good opinion of him as a gentle-
man, and my confidence in his integrity and abil-
ity, and in the soundness of the position which
he has seen proper to take. I throw out these
remarks for the consideration of the House. I
do not expect them to be favorably received by
those extreme men who I fear have a disposition
to carry out, at all hazards, their own peculiar
views. I address my remarks to the conservative
portion of this House; and I trust there will be
found a sufficient number coming from among all
parties here to enable us to end this unwise and
unnatural controversy.
I now nominate for the office of Speaker of
this House, the Hon. John S. Millson, of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BROOM. I have hitherto, Mr. Clerk,
refrained from participating in the discussions
'which have taken place in this House on the po-
sition of individuals and of parties for several
reasons: first, that I believed the time had not
arrived for such a purpose; and secondly, that
the business of legislation being new to me, I left
it to others more experienced. We have had now
ninety-two ballots for Speaker, and without the
slightest prospect of our being able, in the present
course of affairs, to arrive at the ultimate object
which we have in view; during which we have
heard much in relation to the position which
different parties and different individuals have
assumed in this contest. I deem it proper now,
and an appropriate time to remind gentlemen of
this House of the distinct and paramount issue
on which they were elected to represent the will
of their constituents, composing a majority of
the people of this nation—I allude to-the Ameri-
can issue. That is an issue preexistent to that
which has arisen on the disturbance of the Mis-
souri compromise. Every member professing to
be an American was elected as such—on that of
Americanism as the great, prominent issue before
the American people; and it seems to be very
strange, sir, that now, at this particular juncture,
they would desert the principle on which they
were elected, and resort to another. I trust that
the experience which we have had in those suc-
cessive ballotings here are fully sufficient to con-
vince them that the issue on which they have been
standing is one on which they cannot succeed in
this House.
Therefore it is necessary to appeal to them to
change their position, and come back to the main
patriotic principles, and show that, acting on the
American basis, Americans can organize this
House. And how is that issue manifested ? Sir,
the American spirit was spreading in a rushing
tide over this country, and had extended to the
remotest ends of it, long priortoeven the concep-
tion of the iniquity—if I may use the expression—
of disturbing the compromise of 1820, when the
Administration, to guard itself, to protect itself, to
save the very existence of its party from itg over-
whelming influence, were obliged to resort to that
measure, not as a southern measure, but as a dis-
tinct party measure, so as to avail itself of the
prejudices of the South for the purpose of defeat-
ing, if possible, the American spirit in that section
of the country at least.
The associations formed for the guidance of
this patriotic spirit, together with all their con-
stitutions and platforms, were established prior
to the disturbance of that compromise. Yet
Americans in this House are standing here,
battling for the triumph of the cause of Free-
Soilism, and against the extension of slavery in
the Territories; and are thus allowing the Ad-
ministration party to be gratified with the success
of their schemes and plans to break down the
American party in the land.
Sir, it is time to appeal to the Americans in
this House. It is time to ask them to come to-
gether upon that issue, as the only one upon
which we can properly urge the organization of
the House.
Now, sir, I cannot agree with the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] in
what he says about descending at all from the
high and exalted position which we now occupy
