140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
administer the law of the land, and decide the legal
rights in controversy—that so much feeling and
party spirit should be excited in the debate, all
of whicli ought to be decided and settled fairly and
justly, according to the requirements of the law,
after calm, serious, and deliberate advisement.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to enter into a
discussion of the slavery question, or any other
matter in relation to that exciting subject which
has been referred to in this debate, but to confine
myself strictlv to the matters contained in the
j-eports of the Committee of Elections, now before
the House—the true and only questions now prop-
erly before us. We are called upon to decide the
case of the validity of the Kansas election, at
least that branch of it which is referred to in the
reports of that committee; and we must decide
it as a court of law whose decision is without
appeal, final and conclusive. Whether that de-
cision be right or wrong, no other tribunal under
heaven can reverse or annul our judgment in the
matter, or vacate any of our decisions; and in all
the questions arising in the case before us, we
must be bound by the rules and principles which
regulate and govern all our courts of justice in
their proceedings. We are as much tied down
by, and confined to, the rules of law and the prin-
ciples of evidence as any other court of justice
ever can be in the decision of any case' before
them. This is a case in which individuals—the
parties before us—claim certain rights, of which,
dv the Constitution of the United States, this
House is the sole and exclusive judge; and all the
parties before us have the undoubted right to be
fairly and fully heard by us, before we can safely
decide between them who is right and who is
wrong. The Constitution of the United States
has made this House the judge^of the election
and qualifications of its members, and as such we
are to decide the important questions now before
us. Let us now look at it, and see where we
are and what we are, coolly, calmly, and delib-
erately, without prejudice, without party feeling;
and I think we shall then have no difficulty in
coming to a correct conclusion upon all the ques-
tions now before us.
It appears, from the report of the Committee
of Elections, and the accompanying papers now
printed and laid upon our desks, that General
Whitfield claims to be the lawfully-elected Dele-
gate from the Territory of Kansas; that is the
claim upon one side. He claims that he has been
duly elected by virtue of the territorial law passed
by the Legislature of that Territory at an election
regularly held; he produces his commission, duly
executed and sealed, from the Governor of that
Territory, as the legal evidence of that election;
he presents prima facie evidence of his right and
title to a seat here as such Delegate—being a reg-
ular, duly-authenticated certificate of election in >
proper form from the Governor of the Territory, j
Sucn certificate from the Governor of the State j
is the only evidence which any of the members j
of this House ever present upon the taking of
their seats in this Hall; and General Whitfield
has been admitted to a seat upon this floor as the
lawful Delegate from the Territory of Kansas.
Governor Reeder presents himself before us and
contests that claim and membership of General
Whitfield, alleging that General Whitfield is not
the rightful Delegate; that,as such, he has never
been lawfully chosen or elected; that, if he ever
was elected, such election was without the author-
ity, concurrence, warrant, or permission of any
law or statute, either of Congress or of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, without which General Whit-
field cannot sit here as a Delegate from a Terri-
tory which never sent him. In other words,
Governor Reeder contends that the sitting member
from Kansas is a mere usurper, claiming and exer-
cising rights and privileges to which he has no
lawful title, and therefore ought to be ousted and
removed from his present station in this House.
Governor Reeder has presented his memorial
to this House, in and by which he claims to be
the only true and lawful Delegate from that Ter-
ritory. These are the questions ultimately to be i
decided by us, and which are now brought be-
fore us by the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions, not for present decision, but for the pur-
pows of asking; from tJlis House the power and
• authority to issue one or more commissions,
directed to certain commissioners, authorizing and N the jury, and without any other proof than that
requiring such commissioners to investigate the j of inspection. It is unnecessary to argue this
facts in relation to certain elections held in the
Territory of Kansas, by virtue of which each of
the said parties before us claim each for himself
that he was fairly elected as the lawful Delegate None can question it.
common principle of law, which is so plain that
every lawyer admits and acknowledges it as so
fully settled that it is not again to be questioned.
to represent the people of that Territory in this
House during the period of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. Shall such commission issue ? is now
the material question to be decided by us; and if
to issue, what is the nature of the evidence to be
taken; to what points confined; whether ad libi-
tum, at the discretion of the commission or com-
missioners, or the contestant; whether to prove
by parol evidence that a public law of the Terri-
tory, enacted under and by all the forms of legisla-
tion known to our Constrtution'and laws, can be
impeached for fraud, bribery, corruption, or for
any other matter or thing extraneous from, and
not appearing upon, the face of the statute itself,
nor on the journals of the legislative body or
bodies which enacted it, nor from any other
record; whether witnesses shall be examined in
relation to the election of the members of the
Territorial Legislature, which passed the statute
in question, was or was not valid; whether pub-
lic records shall be subjected to an entire novel
and unprecedented test of authenticity ? These
are questions which it now becomes us to decide
and determine. For myself, I must say that,
being fond of the old law and the long-settled
principles of evidence, I greatly prefer the old
landmarks of property and rights as held and
practiced by all other courts where justice is
judicially administered, to all such untried, hasty
innovations upon legal practice. I, for one, can-
not give my assent to the changing of the old
and well-established laws and rules of evidence
which the generations before us have always
looked upon as parts and parcels of those insti-
tutions of our revered forefathers, who lived ]
and died contented with what they gave and be- !
queathed to their children.
Well, sir, we are sitting here as a court, from
whose decision there is no appeal—no writ of
| error can be taken; against our decision there is
no redress, no remedy, let our decision be ever
i so wrona; or unjust. Why, sir, are we to lay
! aside all the well-established rules of law and of
evidence, and throw-the law into confusion and
doubt? Shall we reject all precedent as well as
| law, all rules of evidence, and attempt to make
ourselves wiserthan the law and all who have gone
before us ? Why should we say that everything is
admissible in evidence before us which the courts
would reject; and say that a new species of
I evidence, never heard of in a court of law, is re-
j quired to establish the truth and verity of a public
" record? I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that we are
bound by the principles of law and the rules of
evidence; that we, of ourselves, without the con-
currence of the Senate, cannot change or alter
either; and that a public statute of a Territorial
Legislature is, like all other statutes and records,
to be tried on its own inspection. Is that a pub-
lic statute of the Territory ? Is it a public record ?
That is the question for us to decide, as a court,
upon inspection; it is not an issue for a jury to
try. I will ask gentlemen if they ever saw in a
law-book a plea averring extraneous matters to
vacate or set aside a public law? No such pre-
cedent was ever heard of. Such a case cannot be
found in the books. Can a man, in any case,
aver any fact against a record, when the record,
on its very face and attestation, imports verity
and truth ? It is so with this act of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, now in question. We must judge
of it upon its face—not hear parol evidence to cor-
rect, vacate, alter, or annul it, as some here seem
to think. A territorial act of the legislative body
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see what in reality ! comcsto us, like all other public records, clothed
does this proposition, coming from the Commit-
tee of Elections, recommend to us; let us see
.whether it is not an effort made to draw us from
the true, just, and legal course which we ought
to follow, and to introduce into the case new prin-
ciples of evidence which are wholly irrelevant—
which have no connection with the issue between
the parties; and whether that is not just such a
course as would not be tolerated or even attempted
in a court of justice, composed of judges learned
in the law. The committee ask for leave to send
for persons and papers, to examine witnesses
ad libitum, to examine citizens of the State of Mis-
with all the forms of law. We are bound to look
afcit, to examine it, and to decide whether it be or
not a true record from inspection, and not from
oral proof. How can witnesses from Kansas,
Missouri, or any other place, throw any light
upon this subject ? They cannot. We are con-
stituted the judges; we are to decide whether
there is or is not such an act of this Kansas Legis-
lature. I put the question to every gentleman
here, does Governor Reeder, the contestant in
the case, deny that the Legislature of Kansas
ever passed such an act.? No, sir; he admits
that they passed it; but he says it is void—void
souri and everywhere else they may choose, in I not by reason of any defect in its attestation,
.fir J - nor upon its face; but that the Legislature which
passed it were not the true and lawful represent-
atives of the people of Kansas. If void upon
its face, or defective in its attestation, we must
disregard it, and say there is no such record, no
such statute; but if, on the contrary, upon its
face it appears to be a valid law, not inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States nor
the organic law in relation to the admission of
that Territory, we must say that it was enacted by
competent authority—that it is valid; and where
can we find authority or precedent warranting us
to go beyond that record, and say that that act is
void and of no effect?
Now, sir, there is another point in this case.
It is insisted on by Governor Reeder that the
Legislature which enacted that law was not duly
elected, and that, therefore, they had no right to
pass any such law. If so, is that right to be
established or disproved by parol evidence ? Can
any witness in Missouri or elsewhere throw any
light on the subject? We must recollect that we
are sitting here as a court of justice, and that we
are bound by the law and rules which regulate
courts. Can, then, any witness be admitted to
testify as to any facts which will go to gainsay,
rebut, or destroy that act of the Territorial Legis-
lature ? Such evidence is inadmissible in a court
of justice, and must be inadmissible in the face
of the House of Representatives, consisting of
gentlemen of learning and intelligence. Are we
the constitutional judges whether, as is alleged,
the members who enacted that law were not law -
ful members of the legislative body—in other
and out of the Territory of Kansas, in order to
settle a question which must be decided on other
principles of evidence, such as pertains to the
proof of statutes, public records, and other writ-
ten or printed matter. Here is an act of the Ter-
ritorialLegislature of Kansas, plain upon its face,
authorizing an election to be held in that Terri-
tory at a certain time, which election was held
according to the command of the act prescribing
it. But the contestant alleges that this act of
the Kansas Legislature was void and was of no
effect; not from any defect upon the face of the
statute itself, tyt for extraneous facts, which he
says make the statute void. Now, sir, the first
question which arises, and which we are to de-
termine, is, what is a public law ? Is it nothing
more than a printed paper? Sir, it is of a far
higher and greater import. It is one of the acts
of sovereignty. It has the high privilege of a
peculiar right of trial only given to public records,
of which it is one. Yes, it is a record, and a
public record. And what is the law relating to
records ? How are records to be tried ? Are they
to be tried as issues of fact by or before a jury ?
No, sir; they are to be tried by their own evi-
dence. They are to be tried on inspection by
the court; and whenever a record is averred in
pleading in a court of justice, to which the party
denying it pleads nul tiel record,—which is the only
plea which can put in issue the question of record
or no record,—such issue, thus joined, is to be
tried and determined upon, not by a jury, but by
the inspection of the court, who determine and
decide the question without the intervention of
