1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1751
Alexander De Witt.
Mr. COMINS. My colleague is sick, and I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICAUD. I more to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to excuse my col-
league, [Mr. Davis.] A member was excused
because of his absence from the city. The same
excuse holds good in my colleague's case. He
is not in tiie District of Columbia, nor is he in
Maryland, but in the State of New York, on very
important business.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. RICAUD; I move that my colleague be
excused for the reason I have stated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CUMBACK. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. { move to reconsider the vote by whicfi the
House refused to excuse the gentleman from Del-
aware, [Mr. Cullen.] He boards at the same
house with me. He is an old man, and in infirm
health, and I know that frequently he is prevent-
ed from coming to the House for that reason.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought he was
6XCUS6d
Mr. CUMBACK. He was not excuscd. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to excuse him.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Several Members. What is the excuse ?
The SPEAKER. That he is unwell.
Mr. CUMBACK. I do notsay that Mr. Cul-
len is unwell this morning; but 1 know, as we
board at the same house, that he is frequently
prevented from coming to the House because of
infirm health. On account of his age and bad
health, I move that he be excused.
Mr. SAVAGE. 1 understood the gentleman
from Virginia to state, that the gentleman from
Delaware has paired off— not with a gentleman,
but with a venerable lady. If we excuse a pair
off with a gentleman, we certainly ought to ex-
cuse a member in the case of a pair off with a
lady. [Laughter.]
Mr. aUITMAN. I find I cannot get the
Speaker's eye to introduce my resolution, and I
therefore object to my motion to reconsider until
the call of the roll has been completed.
The SPEAKER. The floor was assigned to
the gentleman from Mississippi, and his propo-
sition was objected to by several members.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask those who made
objection to hear«£he proposition read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must know
that when objection was made, it was the duty
of the Chair to instruct the Clerk to proceed
with the call of the absentees.
Mr. QUITMAN. I raise the point of order
that no motion to reconsider is in order until the
call of the roll is completed.
, The SPEAKER. The rule is, that when a
motion is passed in the affirmative or negative, it
is in order to reconsider the vote on that or the
succeeding day; and there is nothing to guide
the Chair to a decision that the motion to recon-
sider is not in order this morning.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that pending the call of the roll it is in
order to move to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
is in order to move to reconsider the vote where-
by the House refused to excuse the gentleman
from Delaware for non-attendance.
Mr. QUITMAN. Pending the call of the
roll ?
The SPEAKER. At the present time.
Mr. Cullen was then excused.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the majority of the
House have excused Mr. Cullen, I consider it
indicative that they intend to excuse everybody
else; and therefore I move to suspend all further
proceedings on the call.
Mr. MAXWELL. Would it be in order to
amend that motion by moving to rescind the rule
requiring us to meet at eleven o 'clock ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia. Let us see who the members are
who want to continue this call ?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to offer an amendment
to the pending motion, and it is that we proceed
to receive all excuses without action upon them,
and then suspend further proceedings in the
call.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to amend a motion to suspend further proceedings
in the call.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bali, Barksdale,
Bel!, Henry Bennett, Hendley S.Bennett,Benson, Bingham,
Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Branch, Broom, Buffinton, Cad-
walatler, Caruthers, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Wil-
liamson R. VV. Cobb, Comtns, Cragm, Crawford, Damrell,
Dean, Denvers, Hick, Dunn,Durfee,Elliott, Emrie, English,
Evans, Florence, Thomas J. D. Puller, Goode, Greenwood,
Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Thomas It. Horton, Houston,
Hughston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kennett,
Knight, Lake, AlexanderK. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm,
McQueen, Kiliian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, A'ennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Powell, Pringle, Purviance,
Ready, Ititclue, Sabin, Sapp, Seward, Shorter, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor,
Thurston, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Warner, Watkins,
Welch, Whitney, Wmslow, Wood, John V. Wright, and
ZollicofFer—84.
NAYS — Messrs. Barbour, Biliinghurst, Brenton, Bur-
nett, Chaffee, Uraige, Cumback, Dickson, Dodd, Edwards,
Poster, Galloway, Giddings, Robert B. Halt, Harlan,
"Valentine B. Horton, KeUey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Matteson, McCarty,
Morgan, Morrill, Parker, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ricaud,
Rumn, Sage, Savage, Scott, Sherman, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stewart, Thorington,
Todd, Valk, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wablron, Ellihu B.
Washburue, Israel Washburn, Williams, and Woodruff—
53.
So the House agreed to suspend all further
proceedings in the call.
Pending the call,
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said; It is due to the
Doorkeeper of the House that I should say that
I informed him that it was customary to let mem-
bers in after they have been excused. If I am
wrong, upon me alone rests all the blame, and"
upon nobody else.
Mr. FLORENCE said: My colleague, Mr.
Grow, is sick. My name appears among the
absentees in the first call nf the roll this morning.
Fearing that the understanding between that gen~
tleman and myself might not be perfectly under-
stood, I hurried down here to be present in obe-
dience to my duty. I am scarcely able to be here.
1 vote " ay." Mr. Gitow is sick.
Mr. STRANAHAN stated that Mr. Flagler
was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. HOLLOWAY stated that he bad paired
off, until Saturday next, with Mr. Hall, of
Iowa.
Mr. TRAFTON asked permission to vote,
stating that he was momentarily without the bar
of the House when his name was called.
Mr. MATTESON objected.
The result being announced as above recorded,
The SPEAKER ordered the doors of the Hall
to be opened; and they were opened.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of House bill 187,
the question pending being a motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that that body had passed bills and reso-
lutions of the following titles:
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Racine, Wisconsin;
An act for completing the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin;
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of Donn Piatt;
A resolution authorizing the acceptance of cer-
tain medals from foreign Governments; and
An act to alter and amend an act to appropriate
money to remove obstructions in the Savannah
river, below the city of Savannah, in the State
of Georgia, approved March 3, 1855.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DENVER, from the seiect committee on
the Pacific railroad, asked leave to have printed
the bill agreed upon by said committee, together
with the accompanying majority and minority
" iVIr^COBB, of Alabama. The gentleman does
not propose to make a report ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the object is to
refer the subject to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and to let it take its
regular cour.so with other bills, I shall Jiot" inter-
pose any objections; but I am opposed to-the
construction of that road in the manner proposed,
and if the subject is to be brought in aha kept
before the House, to the exclusion of all Other
business, I shall object. • - - ;
The SPEAKER. The proposition is simply
that the bill and reports be printed.
Mr. DENVER. I ask that the reports be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS. As I understand it, the gen-
tleman only asks that the reports of the majority
and minority of the committee be printed. He
does not ask to report a bill. I suppose there
will be no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is no objection.
Mr. DENVER. I am also directed by the
committee to ask that ten thousand extra copies
of the report be printed.
Under the rules of the House, the motion was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WOOD and Mr. KIDWELL respect-
ively presented minority reports oil the same
subject; which were also ordered to be printed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. BROOM. I rise to move that the House
do now take up the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 154 was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time. It is an act
to provide for the settlement of the claims of the
officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan childieu of those who died
in the service.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order
now to move to suspend the rules, and go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make thatmotion, with
the view of taking up the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. BROOM. What becomes of my motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is interrupted by the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to suspend the
rules,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rules pro-
vide that the motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of going into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, is at all times in order.
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. JONES. And the bill which the gentle-
man from Ohio wants to take up is a special order
in that committee. •
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on Mr.
Campbell's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Thorington were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes ninety-three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, arid the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Leiter
in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No.153) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857, the pending question being
the amendment of Mr. Evans to strike out the
first section of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I suppose that
amendment will be withdrawn. I ask the gentle-
man from Texas whether he insists on that
amendment?
Mr. EVANS. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was read by paragraphs for amend-
m Mr. BARBOUR. I offer the following amend-
ment. . „
After line thirteen, insert as follows:
JRut Confess hereby disapproving the code of alleged
laws officially communicated to them by the i resident, and
which aie reinvented to have been enacted by a body
claiming to be the Territorial Legislature of Kansas; and
also disapproving of the manner in which said alleged laws
have been enforced bv the authorities of said Territory,
expressly declare that until those alleged laws shall have
been affirmed by the Senate and House of Representatives
