1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14f
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
words, that they were usurpers, not being duly
elected ? Have we the right to determine that
question ? Has not that question been already
decided and passed upon by another tribunal, ;
who had the rightful jurisdiction to determine it?
Did not Governor Reeder decide that matter him-
self, he being the only judge? The organic law
of the Territory conferred upon the Governor the J
power to order elections and to call the Legisla- !
ture together. The elections were held, and the
Legislature was convened. The law gave to that
body—A. H. Reeder, the contestant, then being
the Governor—the usual exclusive jurisdiction
over the qualifications of its members. .The Gov-
ernor was the exclusive judge of those matters,
bo constituted by the organic law of that Terri-
tory; he was the only tribunal who could decide :
that question; and he did decide it, by giving to i
the members the official commission as such mem-
bers, and sending to them liis official messages
from time to time. Governor Reeder at first feet
aside the elections of some, commissioned others,
and new elections were ordered for members in
place of those rejected by him as not elected. The
body thus commissioned by him assembled.
They, the members, held their commissions from
Governor Reeder—he gave to them the evidence
of their membership. Governor Reeder recog-
nized them in the most public and solemn man-
ner by sending to them his executive message.
To permit Governor Reeder now to deny the
validity of that legislative body, the members
of which were commissioned by him in his official
capacity as Governor of the Territory, would be
to permit a man to take advantage of his own
wrong, to impeach himself, and to deny and nul-
lify his own solemn acts, even if we admit that
he is not estopped from denying his own acts,
nor to contradict the public record of his own
commissions, which he is now attempting to do
against law and against right.
Now, I will ask, when a court, having juris- ;
diction, once decides a matter within that juris-
diction, whether that decisive judgment and ad-
judicationare not,as against the whole world, final
and conclusive? Whenever a court has made a
decision in a matter within their jurisdiction, such
decision is by the universal consent of authorities,
both in England and this country, always final
and conclusive; all other tribunals are boqnd
by it. None can again retry it, excepting in the
case of a regular appeal to a higher tribunal. The
only question in such cases is, had the original
court jurisdiction?—if they had, their decision is
final and conclusive as against all the world, as
well as parties and privies. When it is shown
that it had jurisdiction—however illegal, unjust,
or improper may have been its decision—that
decision cannot be gainsayed nor reexamined,
except, as before stated, upon an appeal to a
higher tribunal having appellate jurisdiction. We
are not a court of appeals; we cannot rectify
or redress the errors of other courts. Our juris-
diction in this case is original, not appellate. The
decision of Governor Reeder is final and conclu-
sive, and must be received as such in every other
tribunal when such questions may be incidentally
brought before them. It is as a final determina-
tion in all other cases in which it is brought in
controversy. The Governor of Kansas and the
Legislature of Kansas have the right to judge of
the rights of their own members after Governor
Reeder. They adjudged that they were all
legally elected, and as such they continued to sit
and hold their se&ts as members of the Kansas
Legislature. And I ask the House, if we have a
right to entertain an appeal from their decision,
whether this case comes before us on a writ of
error, or by way of appeal from the decision of
Governor Keeder or the Kansas Legislature ? And
if we have not the right to investigate the matter de
novo, I will ask, then, if we are not bound by that
rule of law which I have already quoted, and
which is well known,'that a decision by a court
of competent jurisdiction is always final and con-
clusive in all tribunals when such decision may
incidentally arise, not only as against the parties
and privies to the original trial, but as against
the world? Are we to reverse these maxims of
the law ? Are we to set them at naught, and say
that this Legislative Assembly of Kansas was
not duly elected, not duly qualified, either for
want of age, want of residence, or any other
cause? We are bound to take the decision which
has been made upon that subject by competent i
authority. We are bound to follow the precedent i
which Governor Reeder has set before us in
recognizing this body as a lawful assembly, a
lawful tribunal, authorized to legislate and pass
laws not inconsistent with the Constitution of
the United States nor the organic law of the
Territory. We are bound to say that the acts
passed by them are good and valid, unless on
their face they appear to conflict with the Con-
stitution of the "United States or with the organic
law of the Territory, which is not even pretended ;
by any one—not even by Governor Reeder him- I
self. I
Isittrue, that where an act is passed by aLegis-
lature—where an act is passed by Congress, tnat
any persons can aver in pleading that such act was
passed by the fraud, bribery, or corruption of all
or any of the members of the legislative body
which enacted it? That such averment, by plea
or otherwise, would be good or valid, even though
true in substance and fact, I most respectfully
deny; and I deny that any such principle, impeach-
ing the motives of members, charging corrup-
tion, or any fraud, can ever be plead against the
validity ana force of a public statute. No, sir; I
will defy any man here to produce a single author-
ity from any legal work, either a reporter or any
of the elementary writers upon law, who has ever
maintained so dangerous a principle. When an
act of Assembly of any of the States of this Union,
or of Congress, has once been passed, and gone
through all the forms of legislation, the motives
of the legislators, however bad—whether influ-
enced by bribery, fraud, orcorruption—however
willful, can never be the subject of inquiry nor
plea before a legal tribunal who are to determine
its validity, force, and effect. It is now well
known and settled that in all cases where the
representatives of the people pass a bill into a law,
no plea can be set up against such act that it is
null and void because of the bribery, bad motives,
or corruption of any or all of the legislators who
passed the statute; and that such is no legal bar to
its force and validity as a la\  Such a plea is
almost wholly unprecedented in the whole history
of jurisprudence in England and this country.
You cannot find a single precedent for it in any
English book that I have ever been able to see. In
this country I have been able to find but one single
instance of any such pleading in our courts—in 6
Cranch's Reports, 87, in the case of Fletcher vs.
Peck. The note of the case is this: in a contest
between two individuals claiming under an act of
a Legislature, the court cannot inquire into the
motives which actuated the members of that
Legislature. If the Legislature might constitu-
tionally pass such an act; if the act be clothed
with all the requisite forms of a law, a court
sitting as a court of law cannot sustain a suit
between individuals, founded on the allegation,
that the act is a nullity in consequence *of
the impure motives which influenced certain
members of the Legislature which passed the
law. This was an action of covenant; and in the
second count of the declaration, after stating the
covenants in the deed, averred that, at Augusta,
in the State of Georgia, on the 7th day of Janu-
ary, 1795, the said J.Gunn,M. McAllister, and
George Walke, promised and assured divers
members of the Legislature of the said State,
then duly sitting in General Assembly of the
said State, that, if the said members would assent
to and vote for the passing of the act of the said
General Assembly, entitled as aforesaid, the same
then being before the said General Assembly in
the form of a bill; and, if the saic bill should pass
into a law, that such members should have a
share of and be interested in all the lands which
they, the said Gunn & Co. and their associates,
should purchase of the said State by virtue of and
under authority of the same law; and that divers
of the said members to whom the said promise
and assurance was so made as aforesaid, were
unduly influenced thereby, and under such influ-
ence aid, then and there, vote for the passing of
said bill into a law; by reason whereof the said
law was a nullity; and, from the time of passing
the same as aforesaid, was, ever since has been,
and now is, absolutely void and of no effect what-
ever; and that the title which the said State of
Georgia, in the aforesaid granted premises, at
any time whatever, was never legally conveyed
to the said P. by force of the conveyance afore-
said. This plea to this count, which brought
up the question as to the corruption and bribery
of certain members of the said Legislature of
Georiga, pleaded, protesting that the said G.
, McAllister did not make the promises and assur-
ances to divers members of the Legislature of the
said State of Georgia, supposed in said second
count, for plea saith that, until after the pur-
: chases by the said G., as mentioned in the said
second count, neither he, the said defendant, nor
the said P., nor the said G., nor the said Phelps,
nor the said H., nor either of them, had any
notice or knowledge that any such promises
and assurances were made by the said G. Mc-
Allister and W., or either of them, to any of the
members of the Legislature of the said State of
Georgia, as is supposed by the said H. in his said
second count; and this he is ready to verify. To
this plea there was a general demurrer. The case
was, in substance, that the Legislature of Georgia
had made a grant of certain lands to certain indi-
viduals; that a subsequent Legislature, at another
time, annulled that grant by repealing the act
which vested the title of the lands in the first
grantors, and then otherwise disposed of the same
land, under which other persons claimed the
same property under the last grant of that State.
It was insisted upon by one of the parties that the
first grant by the said Legislature of Georgia was
null and void, by reason of the bribery, influences,
&c., in said second count mentioned. In other
words, it was contended that the bribery, influ-
ence, corruption, &c., of certain members of the
said Georgia Legislature made the act of Assem-
bly of that State then in question void and of no
effect. The case was taken up to the Supreme
Court of the United States for final hearing and'
decision. Chief Justice Marshall—one of the
brightest luminaries of the law, and whose high
character for legal knowledge and purity of pur-
pose gave weight and authority to all he said—in
delivering the opinion of the court, in page 130
of the same Report, said:
" It may be well doubted how far the validity of a law
depends upon the motives of its framers, and how far the
particular inducements operating on members of the su-
preme sovereign power of a State, to the formation of a con-
tract by that power, are examinable in a court of justice.
If the principle be conceded, that an act of the supreme
sovereign power might be declared null by a court, in con-
sequence of the means which procured it, still would there
be much difficulty in saying to what extent those means
must be applied to produce this effect. Must it be direct
corruptiop, or would interest or undue influence of any
kind be sufficient? Must the vitiating cause operate on a
majority, or on what number of the members ? Would the
act be null, whatever might be the wish of the nation, or
would its obligation or nullity depend upon the public sen-
timent?
" If the majority of the Legislature be corrupted, lit may
tcell lie doubted whether it be within the province of the judi-
ciary to control their conduct; and if lea than a majority act
from impure motives, the principle by which judicial interfer-
ence would be regulated is not clearly discerned.
"This is not a bill brought by the State of Georgia to
annul the contract, nor does it appear to the court by this
count that the State of Georgia is dissatisfied with the sale
that has been made. The case, as made out in the plead-
ings, is simply this : One individual, who holds lands in
the State of Georgia under a deed covenanting that the title
of Georgia was in the grantor, brings an action of covenant
upon this deed, and assigns, as a breach, that some of the
members of tlie Legislature were induced to vote in favor
of the law which constituted the contract, by being prom-
ised an interest in it, and that, therefore, the act is a mere
nullity.
" This solemn question cannot be brought thus collaterally
and incidentally before the court. It would be indecent in the
extreme, upon a private contract between two individuals, to
enter into an inquiry respecting the corruption of the sover-
eign power of a State. If the title be plainly deduced from
a legislative act, which the Legislature might constitutionally
ftass—if the act be clothed with all the requisite forms of a
aw, a court sitting as a court of law cannot sustain a suit
brought by one individual against another, founded on the
allegation that the act is a nullity in consequence of the
impure motives which injluenced certain members of the Le-
gislature which passed the law."
Here is a very plain intimation by our Supreme
Court of the United States, that no bribery or cor-
ruption of members of a Legislature to effect the
passage of a law would make such act void. Mr.
Speaker, it is not for those who deny the right
of this House to inquire into the legality of the
election of the members of the Kansas Legisla-
ture which passed the act under "which the sitting
member [General Whitfield] claims his seat, to
