142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
Eroduce a precedent or authority for such inquiry
y us. We say that none such can be produced;
and before we make so exceptional and illegal a
precedent, to be followed by our successors, it is
incumbent on those who affirm the right to be in
this House to show their warrant before they ask
us to follow them. Their position is affirmative—
ours negative; and the burden of proof lies on
them, and not on us who are denying it.
It is conceded on all hands that we are sitting
liere in this case as a court of justice: if so, then
we are bound by the rules that would regulate a
■court of justice. We are bound by the laws of
the land. We are bound by the forms and pro-
ceedings of courts of law applicable to the case
•before us. We are bound by the rules and prin-
ciples of evidence. We are bound by all that
bind courts of justice—rules which all courts of
justice have not failed to follow and obey—which
they have found necessary for their own safety.
The principles upon which these rules are based
are well known. They are in practice in all our
courts. But now, if this report of the Committee
of Elections be adopted, and the power to take out
commissions for the examination of witnesses,
and to send for persons and papers touching all
matters, public records, statutes, the qualifications
of the members of the Kansas Legislature, their
electiop, &c., we shall depart from the old land-
marks, and the old and well-defined and traveled
paths which all other iudges have followed before
us. We shall establish new rules of evidence
never before known, and which it does not require
a prophet t® predict will not meet the approval or
assent of coming generations. We are invited
to reject all former precedents—to take testimony
-which, when taken, if we regard the law, we
shall then be bound to reject as irrelevant and in-
admissible. I, sir, am of the opinion that we
fcave no right to take such evidence. To confer
■such a power would be a departure from former
precedents, and the well-established rule of pro-
ceeding in the cases of contested elections.
. But, Mr. Speaker, General Whitfield claims
that the organic law passed by Congress was
valid; that tlo,e act of the Kansas Legislature was
also valid; and that he was duly elected undea :
that Kansas act. Governor Reeder says that the
act under which Whitfield claims his election
wa  null and void. Sir, I believe that this House
has no right to set aside that act of the Kansas
Legislature by evidence tending to show that the
members constituting the Legislative Assembly
were not duly elected. The members of the
Aeaembly which passed the act under which the
election of General Whitfield was effected, were
duly commissioned by Governor Reeder himself;
and he himself, as Governor, recognized them as j
a regularly-constituted legislative body by send- •
ing his message to them. And we have no right
to inquire whether they were duly elected or not,
after Governor Reeder, the sole judge of the legal-
ity of their election, had once passed upon it by
duly commissioningofficially the members of that
body. All courts of justice would decide that the
validity of the act must be admitted upon itsface;
itean only be tested as evidence by its inspection.
We have no right, sitting as a court of law, to go
beyond the act in an inquiry as to its validity.
If the act comes to us clothed in legal form, duly
authenticated, we can Only then inquire whether
it be inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States, or the organic law of Congress by
•which the Territory is established: here our in-
Suiries end. And if it be not contrary to any of
le provisions of that Constitution, nor that or-
ganic law, we are bound to decide, as  U other
of our courts would do, that ihe act is valid, and in
full force and effect, and, like all other statutes
•enacted by the legally-constituted legislative au-
thorities of our country, must be the law of the
land when and where applicable.
But Governor Reeder says that General Whit-
field was not legally elected, and that he—Gov-
ernor Reeder—is the duly elected Delegate for the
Territory of Kansas. And upon what ground
does he base that allegation ? He claims that he
was elected by the people of the Territory, though
he can produce no statute ofCongress nor resolve
of that body—no act of the Kansas Legislature
nor resolve thereof, nor any other acknowledged
legal authority or warrant, by virtue of which an
election at which he claims to have been elected
as a Delegate to Congress can be shown by him.
He proposes to produce no warrant or author-
ity recognized by our laws to establish the le-
gality and validity of his election. In fact, it is
well known that he has not even a pretense of
an election, such as can only be recognized by
our Constitution and written laws, under which
we have so long lived and prospered.
Governor Reeder must show and prove before us
that the people of Kansas had the right to assem-
ble when and where they did assemble when he
was elected, and that their Delegate, thus elected
without even the color of law, is and was the only
true and legal representative of that people.
Governor Reeder can claim his election only in
one way—as an election had and made by the
sovereign people of the Territory, without law,
without authority. He claims that those sover-
eigns met together without any written law, stat-
ute or common; in fact, that such election was
had and held against law—both the organic law
of the Territory of Kansas and the act of Con-
gress establishing that Territory. To make his
election legal and valid, we must admit that the
people of that Territory had the inherent right,
without any law of Congress or of the Territory,
to hold and make such election; and if such be
the fact, where was the necessity for the passage
of the organic law establishing the Territory?
What was the necessity of establishing a Legis-
lative Assembly to enact laws for the people of
that Territory ? Why was it necessary to appoint
a Governor and other public officers, if the people
of the Territory had the right, without the au-
thority orpower of Congress, to do all or any of
the acts which the organic law of that Territory
duly empowered and enabled them to do? Gov-
ernor Reeder must show that his election, thus
held without law, was valid, or he never can have
a seat here. It is not enough for him to charge
that General Whitfield is not elected; he must go
further and show who was legally elected.
Mr. Speaker, it is well known that many gen-
tlemen thought that they could see, and did see,
in the Kansas and Nebraska act, a principle uni-
versally condemned by all—that is, squatter sov-
ereignty. Many professed to be against the act
on that ground alone; and, though I never ap-
proved of that act, I condemned it upon other,
, and, as I thought, stronger ground. If I had been
here at the time I should have given my vote
! against it, for reasons which I am not permitted
j at this time to state. The repeal of the Missouri
j compromise line, so long honored, enlisted my
judgment and feelings against it. I will ask those
gentlemen who saw squatter sovereignty in that
I act, what do they see in Governor Reedor's claim
to be the true and lawful representative of squatter
sovereigns meeting together, perhaps under a big
tree, or on a hill, or in a valley, and unanimously
resolving that our (their) true and trusty friend,
Governor Reeder, be, and he is hereby, declared
to be the only true and lawful Delegate of and from
this sovereignty, to represent our sovereignty in
the Congress of the United States of America in
and for the Thirty-Fourth Congress?
If it be the wish of this House to indorse the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty—if it be your
object to give to it, odious as it is, the sanction
of this branch of the National Legislature by the
admission of Governor Reeder to a seat here
under that claim—if you wish to give that doc-
trine your solemn approval—to give to it full force
and effect throughout the length and breadth of
the land—admit Governor Reeder as its first and
legal representative among us, who has no other
nor higher claim to a seat here. Admit Governor
Reeder to a seat here under and by virtue of his
present claim as the lawful Delegate of Kansas,
and you as effectually establish the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty as could be done by the
passage of an act of Congress entitled an act for
the establishing and recognizing squatter sov-
ereignty to the seat which lie claims. [Laughter.]
How does he claim his seat ? He claims it by no
law known to the tribunals of our country. He
claims his right as built up and founded upon
the principles of squatter sovereignty in its worst
and most exceptionable features exclusively, and
no other way. Men, claiming to be sovereigns
without law aad above law, met together, without
lawand without form,upon or near to the public
lands—thus assembled in their sovereign capacity,
and thus elect a Delegate to the Congress of the
] United States, without the form or color of any
known law or usage of the good people of this
country—by virtue of what? What else but
squatter sovereignty ? [Great laughter.] I hope
1 shall never again hear, after the admission of
Governor Reeder to his seat, of the odious doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty as a principle estab-
lished in or by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, when
we have so remarkable an instance of its popu-
larity and purity in the application now under
consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I approach this case and discuss
it, and expect to give my vote upon it, without
prejudice or any party feeling whatever. I look
at it as a question of right between individuals,
who are before us, the lawful tribunal to determ-
ine their rights and claims to a seat here. Are we
bound to give the committee this extraordinary
power which they ask for—to send for persons
and papers, to take depositions of all witnesses
they may choose to send for, to examine wit-
nesses upon all the questions arising in this ease,
to prove or invalidate the election of the members
of the Kansas Legislature, which has been adju-
dicated by Governor Reeder himself, the only
lawful judge of the matter?
Should the committee or their commissioners
have the authority or power to take evidence
which is irrelevant—which, if taken, could not be
heard in evidence before us ? Shall they have the
power orauthority to examine witnesses, and take
parol evidence of records, public laws, and other,
and all other, written evidences, which can only
speak for themselves? Can parol evidence be
admitted in the exposition of a statute or other
record? If such testimony be inadmissible, as
all must admit, why incur the expense, enormous
as we know it must be, if, when taken, we are
bound, as a court, to reject it? The commission-
ers who may be authorized to take the deposi-
tions may make, each of them, a considerable
fortune; but the mileage and attendance of the
witnesses, from our extreme frontiers, will re-
quire an immense sum of money to pay them, to
say nothing of the expense of clerk hire and other
charges always attending such proceedings, and
will swell the whole bill of costs, as some gentlemen
here say, to two hundred thousand dollars, leaving
out altogether the mileage and per diem of the two
Delegates from Kansas, which, in every instance
except one, has always been allowed and paid to
| both the contestant and sitting member. My hon-
1 orable friend from South Carolina [Mr. Bovce]
has well said that no man can compute the cost
and expense of such a commission.
If this were a case where the parties were liti-
gating before us, and the loser had to pay the
cost, then I should have less objection to inter-
pose any objection to Governor Reeder having
this resolution passed. But I do not feel myself
authorized to vote for appropriations and the ex-
penditure of large amounts of money for the pur-
pose of testing the validity and power of squatter
sovereignty.
Governor Reeder, sir, appears on the record
as contesting the right of General Whitfield to
hold the seat of Delegate from ^Kansas Territory
on this floor. Governor Reeder states, as it is
admitted, that he gave due and written notice of
his intent to contest the election of General Whit-
field, as he was required to do by law. He also
invited him to meet him at certain places to take
testimony. He did this under the act of Con-
gress, entitled " An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions, " approved 19th of February, 1851. We
have no other act of Congress on the subject of
contested elections applicable to this case. If it
does not apply to the cases of contested Dele-
8®^ec'i°ns> then there is none which does.
We have the authority of Governor Reeder him-
self for saying that it is applicable to this case,
because he proceeds under it to give the notice re-
quired by it before he could become a party here.
He gives notice to General Whitfield, but the
latter refuses to take depositions, and comes here
before this House resting his claim upon a legal
election, held, according to the forms of the law,
by officers duly sworn, who were all appointed
