ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
resolutiontoadministerthatjustice,although there
might be danger in other cases arising afterwards
of our doing wrong.
Now, sir, I am satisfied, from the papers which
have been read, th^t the memorialist in this case
is' a man of high character, of unquestioned in-
tegrity, and that he would not present a claim
which he knew was not just and well-founded.
X am satisfied that, without any fault of his own,
the'public money which was necessarily intrusted
to' him has been fraudulently or feloniously taken
from his possession to a large amount.
"What is to be done ? • Since the passage of the
Independent Treasury act, large sums of money
must be placed in the hands of responsible offi-
cers. Are they to guaranty to the Government
the return of that money in all events ? No one
would ask that a rule of such a rigid and harsh
character should be applied to a faithful officer of
this Government. It will be fatal to the public
service to apply any such rule. There is no
course which enlightened policy would dictate to
u8 to-pursue but that of doing justice to this class
of public servants. They have a duty to perform
on the frontiers. They are surrounded by dan-
gers to the public money in their hands. If it be
destroyed, it may be without their fault. I would
rather that the Government should suffer. I would
rather that the whole country should suffer in a
small pecuniary amount, than that we should visit
destruction on a faithful citizen who has dis-
charged his duty well.
Wow, sir, I have nothing to rely upon but the
documents which are presented here and the re-
port of the committee. We cannot investigate
the particular facts in every case. That investi-
gation must be done through a committee. The
proper committee have done it in this case, and I
have confidence in their report. On the case pre-
sented to us it is very clear that there is but one
rule of justice; and it is that the Government
should bear this loss which has fallen on a por-
tion of the public treasure that the Government
has necessarily deposited at this place, under the
guard of a faithful officer; and without his fault
it has been lost. Sir, it would be dishonorable
in private life for any man not to take the loss
upon himself under similar circumstances. While
we should be careful to guard against imposition,
we should also guard against practicing injustice
ourselves.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Connecticut
says that it is easy for us to do injustice in this
case through fear of being called upon to do in-
justice in another. I have indicated no such de-
sire as that.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly not. I had no ref-
erence to the Senator; on the contrary I beg leave
to say that I highly approve of the investigation
which the Senator from Michigan has made in
regard to this case, as well as in reference to most
subjects that come before this body,
Mr. STUART. I am gratified to hear that
sentiment from the Senator, and I merely wish to
make an additional remark. I think the letter
which has been read from Mr. Shoemaker, an
officer in the Army, connected with the statement
made by the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Weller,] showing the extreme illness of this
officer's family at the very time when these pec-
ulations were practiced, and the severe temporal
ills which he suffered—the severest tliat can fall
upon a man on earth—constitutes the strongest
fact in this ease. I do not know of any higher
duty which a man has to perform in the world
than to pay attention to his family under circum-
stances like these. It seems to me that that was
the reason why he did not give to this business
the supervision thatdoubtless he otherwise would
have given. To my mind it is a complete ex-
planation of the whole affair, and after that ex-
planation I shall vote most cheerfully for relieving
this officer from this liability.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, assistant clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the following enrolled
bill; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
An act to authorize the issue of a register to
the brig Echo, of Boston.
LEVI ROBINSON.
The bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, (S. No. 105,) for the relief of Levi Robin-
son, was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Levi Robinson, of Eden,
Maine, owner of the schooner Mary Jane, $216
as fishing bounty for 1859, the schooner having
complied, with all the requisitions of law to entitle
her to bounty, but being unable to present her
papers in consequence of their having been con-
sumed by fire.
The memorialist was the owner of the fishing
schooner Mary Jane, of fifty-four tons, in the
year 1852; he fitted her out for, and she was
employed in, the cod-fishing during four full
months of that year. She had a full complement
of men, and was properly provided for the busi-
ness. At the close of the fishing season, after
having hauled his vessel for the winter, her master
took all her papers, containing the evidence re-
quired by law to prove her service and entitle
her to bounty, to his place of residence, which
was at the dwelling-house of his father and
attached to the light-house on Bear Island, of
which he was the keeper, where they wore all
destroyed by the conflagration of that dwelling
and light-house in the month of December, and
before the usual time for presenting papers to the
collector of the district for the payment of fishing
bounties, which is about the 1st of January. It
als'o appears that the petitioner duly entered a
protest, before a proper officer, which he pre-
sented to the collector when he applied for a
bounty; but under the strict terms of the law the
collector did not feel authorized to pay it without
the production of the papers of the vessel, the
only evidence rendered necessary by the act
authorizing the payment of fishing bounties.
There seems to be 110 doubt that the schooner
was engaged in the cod-fishing the full period of
four months, which entitled her to a bounty of
four dollars per ton, amounting to §216, which
would have been paid by the collector but for the
destruction of her papers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
i third reading. It was read the third time and
1 passed.
BENJAMIN BERRY.
The bill reported by the Committee on Pen-
sions, (S. No. 120,) granting a pension to Benja-
min Berry, a soldier of the Revolution, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of tho Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Benjamin Berry, a
resident of the State of Maine, upon the list of
revolutionay pensioners, and pay to him ninety-
six dollars per annum, from the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1850, during his natural life.
The petitioner, now in his ninety-third year,
was a soldier in Captain Moses Leavitt's com-
pany of New Hampshire militia, in the war of
the Revolution. He served three months and
fourteen days, and was honorably discharged.
He made application at the pension bureau for a
revolutionary pension, under the act of 1832, and
his claim was disallowed on the ground that it
did not grant pensions for a service of less than
six months.
Before his discharge, and while in the line of
his duty, he received a gun-shot wound in the
knee from an accidental discharge of a musket,
and witnesses certify that such a scar exists; that
he is now and has been lame from that wound,
and that it has always been represented by him,
and believed by his neighbors, that the scar and
lameness were occasioned by a wound so re-
ceived.
An application for an invalid pension, it ap-
pears, has never been made by him to the bureau;
but the laws granting invalid pensions for disa-
bility incurred in the revolutionary war have long
been obsolete, and the bureau has no cognizance
of such claims.
Tile committee are satisfied that the petitioner
faithfully rendered the service required of him in
the dark days of the Republic. They also give
their credence to his plain *nd unpretending story
of his wound and disability; they recognize in
him one of the few and fast decreasing relics of
the great struggle out of which the unnumbered
blessings we enjoy have sprung; and they believe
that his claim upon the gratitude of the country
should be recognized without too strict observ-
ance of the statutory provisions of our earlier
day.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
FISHING SCHOONERS.
The bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, (S. No. 126,) for tho relief of the owners
and sliaresmen of the fishing schooners Wan-
derer, Mary, Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and
Brothers, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of tho Whole;
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the owners of the schooner Wan-
derer of Bristol, Maine, $136, as fishing bounty
for 1848; toihe owners of the schooner Mary,
of Brooksville, Maine, $137 81, as bounty for
1852; to theowners of the schooner Olive Branch,
of Sedgewick, Maine, §144 90, as bounty for
1852; to the owners of the schooner Two Brothers,
of Sedgewick, Maine, &126 35, as bounty for
1852; and to the schooner Brothers, of Lyme,
Connecticut, $360, as bounty for 1853. These
sums are to be divided among the owners and
sharesmen of these schooners, as now provided
by existing laws.
The schooner Wanderer, of Bristol, Maine, of
thirty-four tons, owned by Thomas Thurston,
complied with all the requirements of law to en-
title her to bounty, except the certificate of the
inspector of the port as to her seaworthiness,
which could not be procured in consequence of
the absence of the inspector, at Boston, at the
time of sailing; the evidence of her seaworthiness
is shown by papers accompanying the petition.
In case of the schooner Mary, of thirty-four
and forty-three ninety-fifths tons, owned by John
Gray and others, of Brooksville, Maine, the re-
quisitions of the law to entitle her to bounty were
complied with in every respect, except that one
of the men omitted to sign the shipping papers
at the time of sailing.
In the cases of the schooners Olive Branch, of
thirty-eight and sixty-nine ninety-fifths tons, and
Two Brothers, of thirty-one and fifty-six ninety-
fifths tons, both owned by Wymer G. Sargent,
of Sedgewick, Maine, it appears that each com-
plied, in every respect with the law to entitle her
to bounty, except that, during the season, one
of the crew of each of those vessels left, and
their places were immediately supplied by other
men, who inadvertently omitted to sign the ship-
ping papers.
The schooner Brothers, of ninety-nine tons
burden, owned by Reuben Lord and others, of
Lyme, Connecticut, was legally fitted out in
every respect, and sailed from New London
collection district, on the 1st of April, 1853, and
was employed in the fisheries more than the
full time to entitle her to bounty, being em-
ployed four months and seven davs; the contract
between the master of the schooner and the men
was duly executed, but, through inadvertence,
was not countersigned by the owner of the vessel,
and upon this ground the bounty is withhold.
The owner, at the close of tho fishing season,
settled with the crew and paid over to them their
proportion of the proceeds of the voyage, includ-
ing their part of the bounty money. Ithasbeen
usual to grant relief in such cases.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ofdered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read a third
time and passed.
HALL NEILSON.
The joint resolution reported by the Committee
on Claims, (S. R. No. 8.,) for the relief of Hall
Neilson, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize tho Solicitor of the
Treasury to surrender to Hall Neilson four bonds
executed by him to the United States, m August,
1841, on the payment of the principal sum, and
any costs that may have been incurred without
interest; but the payment must be made within
six months from the confirmation of the title of
the United States to Neilson.
