1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the people have to be enforced by a standing
army 
[Sere the hammer fell.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. This is a question which
has been precipitated upon us rather unexpect-
edly. It is the great question of this Congress,
and of this age, whether Congress, after pledging
itself that the people of Kansas should be per-
fectly free to form their own institutions, will
allow invaders from Missouri to go in there and
usurp the power of making a Legislature without
giving the people of Kansas an opportunity of
being heard, and of giving their own voice upon
the question. The gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens] says that the enactments of these
Missourians are the laws of Kansas. In that I
take issue with the gentleman from Georgia, and
say that they are not. The people of that Terri-
tory have not had a voice in the enactment of
those laws. The gentleman says the people have
the right of self-government. They have; and
that is the very reason who I stand here and deny
the right of four thousand nine hundred men to
invade Kansas, drive her inhabitants from the
polls, and elect Missourians to a Legislature which
enacts laws for Kansas. He says the people
shall be governed by those laws, and that the
President should have the power of commanding
the army of the United States to enforce obedi-
ence to those laws. I think the Legislature was a
usurpation, and I deny that such a despotism is
to be enforced upon the people of Kansas Terri-
tory, or of any other Territory.
Now, wp. meet-the question right here. Not
only are they no laws, but they are worse than
laws; and when the President sends an army
there to enforce those laws, he sends an army
there to repeal the organic law of the Territory,
by which the people thereof are to be left per-
fectly free to mold their institutions according to
their own will. Is the President, then, to be
permitted to command the army there to enforce
obedience to these laws ? That is the vote we ai#
to take. I stand now as I have stood at all times
and everywhere, as the advocate of the people's
rights, and against this usurpation. I am willing
that this army shall be withdrawn. I have not
.time now to go into an examination of the trans-
actions of that army. It has been employed
there to disperse the Legislature of Kansas,while
it was recently in session in its own halls—sitting
without disorder and without doing violence to any
human being. Tluit Legislature was turned away
from its business by this army. Now, that is an
outrage in this republican Government. It is a
despotism such as was never known in this
country until the present year, and such, I think,
£ts will never be known again. I therefore vote
against the proposal of the gentleman from Geor-
gia to amend the amendment. Let the amend-
ment stand as it is. I want to have the privilege
of recording my name on the Journal of the
House in favor of the amendment as it stands.
. Mr. STEPHENS withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " Kansas"
and inserting 111 lieu thereof the word " Nebras-
ka." I desire to say that, for once in my life, I
am able to agree in part with the gentleman from
Ohio whohasjust taken his seat, [Mr. Giddings.]
There is no remark made here which has my
more hearty approbation than that in favor of
withdrawing the army from Kansas. It is known
that for some time I have been anxious to offer a
resolution which 1 have now in my drawer, ask-
ing the President to withdraw the army from
Kansas. We want no army in Kansas. Laws
which cannot be sustained by the people of the
Territory are worse than no laws; and whenever
the people of the Territory will not sustain cer-
tain laws those laws will be put down. Wc want
no army there. Wc have the constitutional mode
of settling the question. As to the right of Con-
grass to revise or repeal the laws of the Terri-
tory, I deny in tuto the existence of such right.
There is a higher tribunal than Congress; and
before we submit to the decision of Congress we
must have the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States. If that court declare laws of
the Territory unconstitutional, of course we are
ready to submit to that decision. But we must
.have that decision before wc submit to the decis-
ion of Congress.
As I remarked before, I would not give you a
farthing for laws which will not be sustained by the
action of the people. So far as the territorial acts
of Kansas are concerned, we are willing to rest
the whole question on the people inside of Kansas,
and not on those outside.
The gentleman alluded to Missourians going
from that State into the Territory; but he might
also, in the same connection, have spoken of per-
sons going there from Massachusetts, and other
northern States. Now, I want no help from Mis-
souri, and no help from Massachusetts. So far
as the bona Jide citizens of Kansas are concerned,
they are ready and willing to sustain the laws;
and if they ought to be repealed, they are ready
to appeal to the ballot-box for that purpose, in-
stead of to the cartridge-box. We desire the
Territory of Kansas to be let alone. It is you
who are producing all the excitement throughout
the country. But for the speeches here, and the
sermons preached from the pulpits of the North,
the Territory of Kansas would have been to-day
as quiet as any Territory in the United States.
Then I heartily approve of the suggestion made
by the gentleman from Ohio, to withdraw your
troops from the Territory of Kansas. Bring them
out of that. There is no sort of use for them
there. There are Indians on the plains; and
they would perhaps be better employed m fight-
ing them than in staying in Kansas. We do not
want them there.
One other remark, Mr. Chairman. I never rise
to personal explanation. I have been one of the
best abused men in the United States. More lies
have been reported and published against me than
against almost any other man in the country.
I recently saw in a paper published in New York,
the Evening Post, an article charging me with
having said, in conversation, that I was ready
to head a party to go over and take possession of
Nebraska. I desire to say that I never made any
such remark—and that the whole thing is a fab-
rication and a lie, from beginning to end. I have
never led any invasion. 1 have been also re-
cently charged with leading ail invasion into the
Territory of Kansas. Such an insinuation is
false. I went into the Territory of Kansas from
the town of Westport. I did nothing more then
than I would do again when I had a friend in diffi-
culty. If you think 1 will not go to a friend's
relief, you have mistaken your man. But as to
my going over there with Missourians, it is false.
There was not one Missourian with me. Not a
Missourian crossed the line with me; and all this
story about my leading Missourians into the
Territory of Kansas, is false and base. I went
over for two reasons. I went first for the pur-
pose of trying to put down any difficulties that
might be existing there. 1 went on a peaceful
mission; and if that were to fail I was ready to
have rescued these prisoners at the risk of my
own life.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, I must beg
leave to differ in a very material degree from
gentlemen who have spoken on this question, and
with whom I am generally happy to agree on
most public questions. It may be that these
gentlemen, in the heat of their zeal—particularly
my very worthy friend who has just spoken,
[Mr. Whitfield,] think they have taken a
proper view of the proposition to withdraw the
army from the Territory of Kansas. But I wish
to protest most solemnly against any such act.
1 think that it is the business of the President
of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army of the United States, to keep the
peace of the country, to enforce the law, and to
suppress ail insurrection. Not only has he
power to suppress insurrection, but if there is a
well-founded reason to believe that there is about
to be a collision of arms resulting in civil war,
to the destruction of the Territory, it is his busi-
ness to see that there is a proper force there un-
der the authority of the United States to suppress
disturbances, and to keep the peace.
This proposition is made in direct accordance
with the spirit of the whole movement. I mean
that this movement is in a great degree a political
one; but, like all political movements, although
founded in party they progress to power. The
origin of all these troubles, as has been remarked-
a thousand times, has been the desire of a certain
and now dominant party m this country to evade
and trample under foot one of the laws passed in'
accordance with the .terms of the Constitution^
The ink had not dried upon the President's sig-'
nature, before the very men in this House and
in the Senate, who voted against that bill — n?«n
whose business it was to aid in seeing the Iai 
respected, entered into a combination to defeat
the object of that act. It is proved in this
volume of testimony taken before the investigat-
ing committee, by the deposition of the 'Hon.'
Daniel Mace, that nearly every member in this.
House and in the Senate, who voted against the
bill, entered into this combination and subscribe'd
fifty to one hundred dollars each — for what?
Why, to defeat the object of an act which had
been solemnly passed by this Congress. They
undertook, if not by force, by fraud and stealth,
to overturn the legislative will fo this Government.
But, not satisfied with that, here comes another
proposition to-day in the same direction. This
is another step in the march of revolution, Not
satisfied with seeking, by fraud and stealth,
through the combination that was formed to
overturn the legislative will of the Government,
it is now sought to seize upon the power vested
by the Constitution in another branch of the
Government. It is a power which we have no
right to exercise. It is an attempt to wrest from
the Executive a power which has justly been
vested in his hands. The Constitution has made
the Executive the commander-in-chief of the
Army and Navy. He alone is responsible for
the abuse of that power. You may hold him
responsible, but you cannot take the power from
him. Yet, sir, this is what is attempted by a
party in this House. I pronounce that to be a
revolutionary party—a party that is attempting
by fraud and stealth to defeat the legislative will
of the Government, and to trample the Constitu-
tion under foot.
Sir, the President ought to have command of
the Army, and to use it in the execution of the
laws passed by the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, and he ought to prosecute to conviction
every infraction of those laws. This amend-
ment proposes to limit and restrain the President
in his command of the Army. If you can restrain
him in one act, you can in all things, which
would destroy his power as commander-in-chief
totally. If you can do this, you can assume to
yourselves the control of the Army and Navy
absolutely; and the lawless course of this party
leads to this result.
Mr. WHITFIELD. With the consent of the
committee I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PRINGLE. I object.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
first line of the amendment, Mr. Chairman. I
do not now propose to enter into any debate as
to the validity of the alleged laws of Kansas.
My own opinion upon that subject is well known.
It has been fully stated in the report of your in-
vestigating committee. I do not propose now
even to discuss the question whether these
alleged laws ought to be enforced or not. At a
proper time, I will ask the indulgence of the
House for that purpose. I rise rather to answer
the statement made by the sitting Delegate from
Kansas Territory, but a moment since. It was
this: He says, among other things, that the
people of Missouri, in armed bodies, have not
recently invaded the Territory of Kansas, and
that he, himself, did not accompany an armed
body of men from that State, for the purpose of
enforcing those alleged laws of Kansas. I so
understood the gentleman from Kansas to state.
Did I understand him correctly ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. You did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I state, str-
and there are other witnesses now present who
will testify to the fact—that there were bodies
of armed men marshaled in Westport and other
ulaces in Missouri, and marched over into Kansas
Territory. I myself saw men marching in mili-
tary array in Westport and other towns in Mis-
souri, and take up their line of march for the
Territory. They openly avowed that they were
citizens of Missouri, and that their object was
to go into Kansas, and aid in enforcing these very
laws. I myself saw from one to three hundrec!
mounted men, formed into companies, with no
equipments under heaven, except such as were
needed by war. They wore the ordinary dress
