1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
14a
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
by Governor Reeder himself, with a regular cer-
tificate from the Governor of the Territory under
the territorial seal. The House is asked, then,
by the Committee of Elections for power to send
for persons and papers, and to take depositions,
which Governor Reeder, notwithstanding his
notice to General Whitfield, wholly refused to do
while the parties were in the Territory, and the
witnesses and all asked for could have been easily
had. There is an old homely proverb that—
" He who won't when he may,
Whi n he would shall have nay."
Governor Reeder, under his aforesaid notice to
General Whitfield, and the before-mentioned act
of Congress, had the opportunity to take these
depositions and examine witnesses, after giving
such notice as before stated: he wholly refused
and neglected so to do. With what justice, with
what propriety, can he come here now and ask
that the Committee of Elections shall now take
them, after his own neglect, and at so heavy an
expense and cost, and send so great a distance for
the witnesses to appear here in this city? Why
shall this House order for him what he, under
the act of Congress, had the right to do without
our interference or sanction ? Why should this
House cover and excuse his neglect at such cost
and expense as the committee recommend us to
do ? We presume, that underthe act of Congress,
in Delegate elections before referred to, the con-
testants must give this notice. We presume, that
by the words, " members of the House of Represent-
atives of the United States," mentioned in the act,
that Congress, in passing that act, did intend to,
and does in fact, include and embrace Delegates
of Territories, as well as other members of the
House of Representatives of the United States.
The title of the act is, " An act to prescribe the
mode of obtaining evidence in cases of contested
elections." The title of the act, then, includes
both Delegates as well as other members. It is a
general law. It requires that the contestant shall
serve notice of his intention to contest the seat of
the sitting member: it prescribes in what manner
the evidence shall be taken. The contestant gave
the notice, but the sitting member prefers to leave
the case to the House; and now we are asked for
authority,by the committee, " to send for persons
and papers. What for? Is there any fact or
reason set forth by Governor Reeder or the com-
mittee warranting such proceeding before us ?
If Governor Reeder can show, or state any facts
showing, that he himself is and was legally elected i
as the Delegate from Kansas, by any known law
of the United States or of the Legislature of
Kansas, which may and can be proved by oral
evidence, I will cheerfully and willingly vote for \
the power to take such depositions; they should \
be admitted. If Governor Reeder proposes to I
prove that General Whitfield, at the election when
he claims to have been elected under the act of
the Kansas Legislature, received a less and shorter
vote than his competitor at that election who ran
against him—if Governor Reeder proposes to
prove that General Whitfield was elected by illegal
votes cast for him, which, if stricken out, that
then he [Governor Reeder] is elected, and thus
claims his seat—if Governor Reeder can show by
witnesses or records that he who stands as plain-
tiff here can be entitled to his seat by striking
from the poll every vote which General Whitfield
received, both legal and illegal—I will give my
vote for vesting in the committee that power. If
you strike out every vote for General Whitfield—
leave him not one—he then would stand just as
does Governor Reeder now.
The truth, is that Governor Reeder and General
Whitfield never were the opposing candidates.
Governor Reeder did not receive one single vote
at the election when and where General Whitfield
claims to have been elected. The two elections
of the contestant and the sitting member were held
on different days and at different times. General
Whitfield was not a candidate at the election under
which Governor Reeder claims his seat. Gov-
ernor Reeder does not state the number of illegal
votes, or how they were illegal; he gives neither
names nor numbers. He takes a general excep-
tion to the voters for General Whitfield by hun-
dreds: this is too general to be noticed. The
act of Congress before referred to requires the
greatest particularity insetting out the objections
of a contestant to the votes for the sitting mem-
ber. Governor Reeder has not followed that act
in that particular. The object of a notice, as
required by the act of Congress, is to give the
opposing party information of all and every of
the particulars of the matters in dispute between
the parties. Let any gentleman read Governor
Reeder's notice to General Whitfield. Does he
in that notice specify the votes which were illegal
—how they, or any of them, were illegal. When
the notice is given to the sitting member, the par-
ticular objections which he (Governor Reeder,)
intended to prove, to vacate the seat of General
! Whitfield, the act makes it the incumbent duty
i of the sitting member to answer such notice and
the particulars stated, admitting or denying the
facts alleged therein, and stating specifically any
other grounds upon which he rests the validity
of his election; and that he (the sitting member)
shall serve a copy of such, his answer, upon the
contestant.
Now take Governor Reeder's statement, " that
many persons, not citizens of Kansas, were ad-
mitted to vote." He does not state who they
. were, how not citizens, where they came from,
or anythingat all further about them, beyond
the general fact that many such persons voted.
We know from the record that Governor Reeder
appointed the individuals who were sworn to ex-
ecute their duties, ps judges of that election, faith-
fully, under the act. It is not alleged that those
judges did not do their duty; that they or any of
them were guilty of fraud or corruption, all of
whom were Governor Reeder's appointees, and
who must be presumed, in the absence of proof |
to the contrary, to have done their duty. There
is no charge that those judges, or either of them, 1
acted corruptly or unfairly, or that any of them
corruptly received any illegal votes.
We are asked for the power to take deposi-
tions, examine witnesses, send for persons and
papers, to collect and afford evidence upon facts,
not one of which, if such can be produced, would
in any manner tend to show or prove that Gov-
ernor Reeder is, or was, the legal Delegate from
Kansas.
The great objection is, that such evidence, as
before stated, could not establish the right of
Governor Reeder to a seat here; and if he can
show no right to a seat, why should the prima
facie right of the sitting member be disturbed by
a mere stranger and intruder? Why, let me
again ask, shall the committee send for persons
and papers, which, when produced, cannot, ac-
cording to Governar Reeder's own showing, give
him a title to a seat here? For what end, then,
shall all this cost and expense be incurred to prove
facts, none of which will or can establish any legal
right in the contestant himself, or show that any
wrong or injury has been done him. When the
people of Kansas, or at least some of them, shall
complain by memorial or otherwise to this House
that General Whitfield #as not elected by the
constituency whom he represents here, then.it
will be time enough for us to investigate all the
charges in such memorial, and determine whether
or not, he (General Whitfield) is the rightful
Delegate of that Territory or not. In the absence
of such complaint, the prima facie right of the
present incumbent should satisfy us without
further proof.
Governor Reeder himself, it is plain, cannot
have any claim to a seat in this House, unless
this House are disposed to admit the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty. He builds his claim upon |
nothing else. If he could show that in the elec- j
tion which took place in Kansas subsequent to ;
the passage of the territorial act, that General
Whitfield was not elected by reason of any fraud
or illegal voting to such an extent as to reduce
the vote of General Whitfield below that of the
only individual who received any votes when
General Whitfield claims his election, such facts
would prove that somebody else was elected who
is not before us—does not claim to have been
elected; and upon the application of that person,
or upon complaint of the people of Kansas that
General Whitfield was not elected, and is now a
usurper, in such cases, it would be proper and
competent that evidence thereto should be admit-
ted for the purpose of ejecting such usurper. But
Governor Reeaer does not say, nor even pretend,
that a number of illegal votes were cast for Gen-
eral Whitfield, which, if stricken out, would
show that he himself or any other person was
duly elected. On the contrary, according to the
facts of this case, strike out every vote given for
; General Whitfield, and Governor Reeder wil
then be no nearer to an election. He has still,
after rejecting all the votes for General Whitfield,
to resort to his doctrine of squatter sovereignty
for success. He cannot claim an election in any
other form or way whatever; he cannot be other-
wise elected. I do not then see the propriety of
the examination which is asked for, with all its
cost upon the Treasury, which will establish no
right—which will settle no claim, other than the
, one now raised as to the force, effect, and valid-
| ity of squatter sovereignty.
The meaning of the act of Congress would
I seem to be this, that a person who considers him-
I self aggrieved by the result of an election has a
! right to contest the seat of a sitting member which
he, the contestant, alleges is illegally withheld
from him. There are before us but two persons
! — the one claiming the seat, and the other objecting
: to that claim. We have no memorial from Kan-
sas; and no persons complain«that General Whit-
field is an intruder or usurper. The people of
that Territory are wholly quiescent. They make
no complaint—send us no memorial or petition.
They make no objections. They are silent spec-
tators of the scene. Here is a private right;
and the question raised involves only the de-
termination of a private right and title between
Governor Reeder on the one side, and General
Whitfield on the other. Now, if it be shown
before this House that Governor Reeder has no
right to this seat, and that he is not elected, upon
what principle can he be permitted to contest the
claim of the sitting member ? It is a well-known
principle, governing courts of law, in which
capacity we are now acting, that whenever it is
shown that the plaintiff in the case has no right
to the subject of litigation, no right to the matter
to be tried and litigated, then the case ends as to
him. He having no interest or right in the mattes
sued for, the suit is at once dismissed, the plain-
tiff is nonsuited, and that ends the case. Now,
Governor Reeder is the plaintiff here before us;
he must show his right fair before a defendant
is called upon to make his defense. The law
requires that the plaintiff should have this inter-
est before he can call upon a defendant to show
his title. The prima facie title of the incumbent is
sufficient as against a wrong-doer. He is not bound
to go further than a prima facie show. And such
was and is the meaning and intent of this act of
Congress before referred to—that he who claims
the seat should and must have the right, or at
least a probable claim, to it himself. The pro-
ceedings in contested elections directed to be had
and taken in that act, and only in such cases, sure
authorized to be taken and had by this House,
the sole constitutional judges of the elections of
its own members, to decide and determine the
rights between contesting claimants, when both
claim the right to the contested seat, and when
the failure of the one claimant would necessarily
establish the right of the other; and not in cases
when the right of the one is founded on known
laws of binding force, and the other upon squatter
sovereignty—a sovereignty which never has been,
and it is to be hoped never will be,admitted under
a Government of written laws like our own.
Mr. Speaker, it is palpable—too plain for argu-
ment—that Governor Reeder has no right, that
the Committee of Elections have no right, to ask
us to issue this commission, to confer this power,
to incur so much cost and expense, to examine
witnesses to prove that General Whitfield has no
right to his seat. Governor Reeder ought to have
some interest in this case in himself; he ought to
show some plausible pretext, at least, of a-right
in himself; he should show some sort of an elec-
tion by the people of Kansas, known to our writ-
ten laws and Constitution, before we can be jus-
tified in expending thousands and thousantfs of
dollars of the money of our people, which, after
all, will only prove what we all now know, and
which can confer upon Governor Reeder no ben-
efit or advantage whatever.
Mr. Speaker, in every view which I have been
able to take of this case, it seems to me that this
