1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
for a sudden foray — flannel shirts, pantaloons,
and felt hats. They were all well armed with
bowie-knives, revolvers, and rifles, and some
carried with them their tents and provisions.
This military array was gathered in and about
Westport, in the presence of hundreds — the
members of your committee and its officers be-
ing among the number who witnessed it. I must
confess my astonishment that the Delegate from
Kansas should rise here in his place ana deliber-
ately state to the committee that no armed bodies
of men had marched from Missouri into Kansas.
I ask that gentleman if he did not leave West-
port, Missouri, while the committee was in ses-
sion there, with a body of about two hundred
armed citizens of that State for Kansas ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I did not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did you not go with a
company of armed men over into Kansas?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I accompanied no Mis-
sourians.
Mr.SHERMAN. Were they citizensof Kan-
SaMr. WHITFIELD. They were.
Mr. SHERMAN. How many?
Mr. WHITFIELD. About seventy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman deny
that companies of armed citizens of Missouri did
gather from Clay, Jackson, and other counties
m Missouri, and go over into Kansas at the time
to which I refer ?
Mr. Whitfield's reply was not heard by the
reporter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire only to ascertain
the facts from the gentleman from Kansas, and I
ask him this question: He says that those who
accompanied him on the occasion to which I have
alluded, were citizens of Kansas. Now, will the
gentleman deny, upon his honor, that armed
bodies of men did go over from Missouri into
Kansas ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I say, that I accompa-
nied no Missourians.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman says that
those whom he accompanied were citizens of Kan-
sas Territory. That does not meet the point.
Sir, I say that there were armed bodies of men
who went over from Missouri into Kansas; that
while they were marching into Westport from
the east, Governor Shannon, in obedience to the
summons of the committee, came into Westport
from the Territory, and in his presence they filed
off in regular array, and went into the Territory.
That he afterwards went with the committee to
Kansas City, and there saw a company of "Clay
county boys" cross the Missouri river on their
way into the Territory. These facts are noto-
rious. And I say further, that no candid man,
who will take the trouble to look into the testi-
mony of the three hundred and twenty-six wit-
nesses contained in this book, (Kansas report,)
a majority of whom were pro-slavery men, can
arrive at any other conclusion than that, in every
transactions in the Territory of Kansas, from its
organization to this moment, citizensof Missouri
have participated, and overruled the citizens of
the Territory. This fact has been proven by free-
State witnesses and by pro-slavery witnesses; and
so clearly, that the only way to meet it is either
by evasion or a general denial. And the very
laws which these armed companies went over to
enforce, were passed by a Legislature elected by
citizens of Missouri.
But the gentleman says that citizensof Massa-
chusetts also interfere. Why, sir, the citizens of
Massachusetts are stopped on the great national
highways on their way to Kansas. Emigrants
from the northern States have been stopped by
bodies of armed men at Lexington, and at other
points on the Missouri river, and sent back. How
is this? Are these highways national, or are they
sectional ? Have the people of the northern
States the right to go there, or not? If so, why
is it that peaceful emigrants, seeking homes in
Kansas, are waylaid, searched, and robbed, even
in the streets of towns, while armed borderers are
cheered with applauding shouts on their way
from Missouri into the Territory " to enforce the
laws ?"
Mr. McMULLIN obtained the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. WHITFIELD, who said: Mr. Chair-
man, I would inquire of the gentleman from Ohio
whether, on the honor of a gentleman, ho can say
that he saw me leave Westport in the company
which he alleges'
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that I saw
the sitting Delegate leave Westport with the com-
pany. I saw him a few moments before he left
Westport at the hotel. He told me, then, that
he was going over into Kansas. I replied that
it did not look right. He said that he went for
peaceful purposes; his only object was to prevent
a fight. I remarked that the men going with the
sitting Delegate were not going there for that pur-
pose. He said he was going there to prevent a
fight. That was the substance of our conversa-
tion.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I will just state here, that
Westport is half a mile from the Kansas line.
Major Buford's encampment was about a mile
inside of the Kansas line. The company there
had come down for the purpose of getting
wagons, plows, and provisions, to carry into the
Territory. When I heard that a fight was going
on at Black Jack—and the gentleman will recollect
there was a fight there for four hours — I said I
would go there to settle the matter, and prevent
further fighting. I called on Major Buford, and
he will testify to what occurred between us. I
asked him how many men he had, and he replied
that he had some thirty or forty. I started with
Major Buford, and some thirty civilians, who
were moving to the Territory to settle, the same
evening. We went to Bull Creek. We there
formed three companies of men who were going
to settle in the Territory. I went on next morn-
ing with Major Buford to Black Jack to prevent
a fight. When the matter was settled I rode
back to Westport. Captain Shelby did not go
from Westport until my return. I was there
when he went out. He was there on his way with
his men to settle in Kansas. They all went there
in good faith. They were as bona fide settlers as
any ever in a Territory. Three fourths of them
were not Missourians. Some thirty or forty were
Tennesseeans. Captain Shelby was driven out
of the Territory because the men went in a body,
and it was feared that they might incite a dis-
turbance.
The question was taken, and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to strike out the
first clause of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I
did not occupy the time of the House with any
remarks when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
under consideration, nor have I spoken to the
subject at any time during the present session;
but, when the President of the United States is
assailed, and fierce invective is launched against
the people of Missouri, with whom I have an
extensive acquaintance, I feel that to continue
silent any longer would be unpardonable. To
see to what extent the dominant party of this
House has gone in its high partisan career, look
only to the proposition before us. Was there
ever before such a bold attempt at an unconsti-
tutional act? It is proposed to deprive the Pres-
ident of the means by which he is to do what,
under the Constitution, he swears to do; it takes
away his power to execute faithfully the laws of
the United States. He has the same rights rela-
tive to the exercise of his power that Congress
has in its legislative capacity. And if I am not
mistaken the President will continue to execute
the laws as he has done, pass what provisoes you
may.
Who commenced the fine game now being
carried on in Kansas ? It was Massachusetts.
There is none who know the history of the coun-
try who will deny the fact. They sent men there
for the avowed purpose of fixing the character
of the State government. They declared they
would make Kansas a free State. They set at
naughtthe rights of thepeople of the other States.
The people of the South, and of Missouri espe-
cially, were to have their right of property placed
in imminent jeopardy. Massachusetts it was
that first attempted to influence the government
of the new Territory. The long-faced pharisai-
cal hypocrites of the emigrant aid societies were
encouraged, and their acts legalized by the in-
iquitous Legislature of Massachusetts. The ter- i
ritory of the Union is the property of all the I
States. Each holds an equal position. The peo- j
pie of one section have a right to protection as !
much as the people of another. Then why does !
Massachusetts sot up a claim to have higher and I
greater rights in Kansas than other States? The
territorial government has been erected by Con-
gress, and the President,infulfillmentofhis oath,
and in the discharge of his duty, must faithfully
execute that law as well as all others. He has no
power to change the laws; his duty is executive.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do verily believe that
the large document published by this House, and
which contains the evidence gathered by the
Kansas investigating committee, was not so much
for the purpose of informing the House of the
facts, as to manufacture political capital for a cer-
tain party at the approaching presidential elec-
tion. This is too palpable to be easily denied.
Mr. CUMBACK. Mr. Chairman, I am not
surprised to see the members on the other side
of the House inclined to shoulder, and make their
own, the outrageous laws enacted by the so-called
Legislature of Kansas. I am willing to see them
do it, in accordance with their inclination, for
these laws are theirs, and are but the necessary
sequel of the original plot in the repeal of the
Missouri compromise—to make Kansas astare Stale.
Those who did that act should be consistent, and
sustain these laws, as they are but the product
and result of the act of 1854.
But it is said in this discussion, that, if the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Barbour] is
adopted, there will be no law in Kansas but mob
law. This is not correct. The laws of the United
States, not locally inapplicable, are in full force
there, as in all the other Territories. Sir, this
proposition is not to create mob law, but to put
mob law down. It is to prevent the President of
the United States from continuing his crusade
against the free-State men, by enforcing, with the
Army of the United States, an abominable code
of laws which they had no part in making—laws
forced upon them by a Missouri mob. Sir, is
there a man in this Hall that would submit to a
usurpation of his dearest rights, and tamely yield
his all to the usurper? Poor in spirit, indeed,
and unworthy the revolutionary blood flowing
his veins, transmitted to him by ancestors
who were prompt to resist aggression, would the
American freeman be who would do it. But it is
gravelyinsisted here, that the freemen of Kansas
must do so. The President says they must, and
asks money at our hands to accomplish his ob-
ject. Sir, he cannot have a dollar, by my vote, for
any such purpose.
The gentleman from Virginia, who has just
spoken, makes the oft-repeated charge, that
these laws, with all the Kansas troubles, are
wholly chargeable to the associations formed in
the free States to promote the interests of free-
dom by settling the Territory with free-State
men. Does the gentleman from Virginia deny the
right of men from the free States to go and settle
in Kansas in as large numbers as they choose,
for the purpose of making it a free State? Has
he so soon forgotten that our fathers declared
that it should be free from the curse of slavery—
not until 1854—but "forever."
I know, sir, the President, in his annual mes-
sage, and Iris special message, put in his plea of
palliation on the same ground; but, sir, it is no
palliation for the conduct of the Administration
towards the free-State men. These men are
American citizens, and they will have the pro-
tection to which they are entitled; if not now,
at the termination of the present Administration.
We, too, in the North, will have our rights; and,
notwithstanding the blockade of the Missouri
river, and the high-handed attempt to keep men
from the North from settling in that Territory,
they will go; and who dare claim the right to
hinder them? Free-State men have the right to
go there to settle when they please, and in such
numbers as they please; and it has not yet come
to pass that they must consult the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] or his political
party, or the President, in the exercise of that
right.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 deny the right.
Mr. CUMBACK. It was not denied at the
time of the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
act; but whether denied or not, they will exercise
it like men. But, as I said in the outset, the ob-
ject of that bill, as conclusively shown since by
the opposition of its friends, to raising this com-
mittee to investigate the usurpation in Kansas,
and the disposition of the President and the Dem-
ocractie party, so-called, to sustain these sham
