880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
bounty for 1852; to the owners of the schooner
Forrester of Boothbay,Maine, $182 40,as bounty
for 1851; to the owners of the schooner Grampus
of iioothbay, Maine, $153 60 as bounty for 1851;
to the owners of the schooner Ursula, of Cohas-
set, Massachusetts, $300 as bounty for 1851; to
the owners of the schooner Stephen C. Phillips,
ofSouthport, Maine, $25)410, as bounty for 1851;
to the owners of-the schooner Union, of Brook-
lyn and Sedgwick, Maine, $155 32 as bounty for
185-2.
The schooner Brandvwine, of 82.77-95 tons
burden, owned by Jacob Carlton and others, of
'Frankfort, Maine, was licensed and in every re-
spect fitted ou.t as the law requires for a fishing
cruise; she sailed July 24, 1852, and continued
until the fifteenth of October following, when she
•was stranded on Cape Breton island and totally
lost, with her outfit and fish.
The schooner Forrester, of 45.57-95 tons bur-
den, owned by Allen Lewis, of Boothbay, Maine,
•was duly enrolled, licensed, £^nd fitted in every
respect, in the district of Wiscassett, and sailed
February 27, 1851, for a fishing voyage; but
nothing has been heard of the crew or vessel since.
It is believed that the vessel and all her crew
were lost in some of the heavy gales to which
our fishing vessels were exposed during that
season.
In case of the schooner Grampus, it appears,
from the evidence, that she was owned by Eze-
kiel Holbrook, of Boothbay, Maine; that her
burden was 38.38-95 tons; that she was duly
licensed, manned, fitted out, and sailed from the
port of Wiscassett, Maine, for the cod-fishing
ground, on the 9th of April, 1851, since which
time no tidings have been received of either ves-
sel or crew. She is supposed to have been lost
in a gale about the 20th of July following.
In case of the Ursula, it appears that James C.
Dean, of Cohasset, Massachusetts, was owner;
that she was 75 tons burden; that she sailed from
Boston on the 21st of May, 1851, to the straits
of Bellisle, licensed, and legally fitted out for the
fisheries. On the 27th of August, having com-
pleted her cargo, she received such damage in a
gale as to be adjudged unseaworthy, and was
abandoned; her cargo of fish, amounting to sixty-
five thousand, was shipped on board of the
schooners Henda and Redwing, of Castine,
Maine, where the schooners arrived with the
crew of the Ursula on the 27th and 30th of Sep-
tember following, and landed the cargo.
In case of the schooner Stephen C. Phillips,
John Cameron and others represent that they
•were owners; that she was 73.50-95 tons burden;
that she was duly enrolled and licensed for the
cod fisheries at the port of Wiscassett, Maine,
on the 31st of March, 1851; that on the 9th of
April following she sailed tor the fisheries, duly
equipped and fitted out; that on the 2d of June
she returned home with four hundred mid four
and one-half quintals of codfish; that on the 12th
of that month she again sailed on her second
fare, fully equipped as before, and after having
taken twenty-one thousand six hundred bank
fish, on the 20th of July following she was, with
her cargo, totally wrecked and lost in a heavy
blow and thick weather on the island of Cape
Sable, the crew saved and getting home as best
they could.
In case of the schooner Union it appears that
Asa Turner and David R. Carlton, of Brooklin,
Maine, were owners; she was of the burden of
38.79-95 tons; she complied with all the requisi-
tions of the law, and sailed for the Western
Banks April 28,1852, and entered upon the fish-
ing business, completed her first fare of 135 quin-
tals of fish, and returned to Sedgwick, Maine,
on the 17th of June following, and discharged
her cargo. She was again refitted as before, sailed
on the 25th of the month for the Gulf of St.
Lawrence, and reentered the fisheries, and had
taken about 75 quintals when, on the 20th of July
following, she was seized by the British cutter
Telegraph, and carried into Charlottetown, Prince
Edward's island; and, after being detained sev-
enty-three days, was sold at auction by the British
authorities, bid in by the owners, and reentered
upon the fishing business, but was shipwrecked
on the 23d of October, 1852. The schooner was
engaged in fishing one hundred and eleven days,
being deficient but nine days of the full time,
•which would have entitled her to bounty. As it
has been usual to grant relief in such cases the
committee report a bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bdrt's sol\r compass.
- The PRESIDENT. The next private bill on
the Calendar is S. No. 149.
Mr. STUART. I think Senate bill No. 144
is the next.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to which the
Senator refers is not considered as a private bill.
Mr. STUART. It will be seen by inspecting
it that it is.
The PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No. 144) to
enable the United States to make use of the solar
compass in the public surveys will be considered
as a private bill.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to William A. Burt the sum of
$15,000, to compensate lam for the use, by the
United States, in the prosecution of the public
surveys, of the solar compass, invented by, and
patented to, him.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to know some-
thing of the merits of that case.
Mr. STUART. The report will show more
satisfactorily than anything else. I will state to
the Senate that there was a lengthy discussion at
the last session of Congress, and the bill was
passed by the Senate, but it was lost in the House
of Representatives. The report made previously
by the Committee on Public Lands, presented
by the former Senator from Arkansas, (Mr. Bor-
land,) shows the facts m the case.
I can, however, state in a few words what is
the substance of the report. It states that this
individual invented and patented the solar com-
pass—the only compass by which the Govern-
ment has ever been able to survey mineral lands.
The reports of the officers who conducted the
surveys in Arkansas, in the Lake Superior dis-
trict, in Michigan, and in other places, show
conclusively that the surveys of mineral lands
cannot be made without this compass, the local
attraction being so- great that the ordinary com-
pass is entirely useless in such districts. I think
the statements are so strong as to show that, in
some lo"alities, the direction of the ordinary com-
pass is entirely reversed.
The proposition submitted in the first place by
this individual was, that the Government should
pay him one mill per acre for all the lands sur-
veyed by means of his compass which could not be
surveyed withoutit. An estimate was made at the
General Land Office, and it was found that payment
according to that basis would amount to an im-
mense sum of money, and they recommended,
therefore, that Congress should pay him a speci-
fied sum. In obedience to that recommendation,
the Committee on Public Lands, some years asjo,
reported a proposition to pay him $15,000. The
Government has used his invention all the time,
and he has received no remuneration from his
patent. I think twenty dollars is the full amount
that he has been able to obtain from his patent.
_ The Committee on Public Lands, at this ses-
sion, were unanimous in saying that but for the
fact that a bill had been passed by the Senate, at
the last Congress, appropriating this sum, they
would feel bound to recommend double the pres-
ent amount. The committee in the House of
Representatives, at the last session, recommended
double the sum now proposed, but their bill was
not acted upon. The returns from surveying of-
ficers are very full, and show the facts which I
have stated.
Mr. PUG H. I was not present at any meet-
ing of the Committee on Public Lands when this
project was passed upon, nor am 1 impressed fa-
vorably witli it from the statement of the chair-
man of the committee. I do not know what we
are to pay this gentleman for. His compass was
patented, I presume, and was purchased by the |
surveyors. We might as well pay any other gen-
tleman for the use of some instrument which he
has patented. I cannot see how we are bound
to pay this patentee when the surveyors pur-
chased the instrument, as I suppose, to use it in
the surveys, for I believe the United States do not
furnish their surveyors with their instruments.
Unless the chairman of the committee can show
some reason which has not yet been presented I
cannot vote for this bill.
Mr. STUART. I perhaps oughtto have added
to what I said of the committee the qualification,
" if such be the fact." The Senator from Ohio
may not have been present at the meeting of the
committee; but a majority were present at the
time of which I spoke, and were unanimous in
this opinion. The Senate will see at a glance
that the idea that these compasses are purchased
by persons making surveys does not alter the
fact, because the Government controls its own sur-
veyors. Hence, the fact that twenty dollars is all
that this man has received up to this time from his
patent. The Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in making his recommendation, stated that
the Government had saved over $600,000, in con-
sequence of the use of this invention in the public
surveys.
Mr. EVANS. I remember very well, and I
think the chairman of the committee will remem-
ber, that the sum proposed was only 010,000 at
the last Congress, and it is now raised to $15,000.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken; it
was $15,000.
Mr. EVAN'S. If the fact be so, 1 am very
much mistaken. I should like to see the papers
in this case, and examine them.
Mr. FOOT. The honorable Senator from
Michigan is correct as to the sum; the Senator
from South Carolina is incorrect on that point.
He is probably led into error by having in his
nnnd another bill for a Mr. Sumner, which was
$10,000; this was $15,000, and was passed by
this body.
Mr. EVANS. It may be so. I move to post-
pone the consideration of this bill until Friday
next.
Mr. STUART. I hope it will not be postponed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Michigan whether this
sum is intended to be full compensation for the
use of this compass by the Government? >
Mr. STUART. Entirely. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office recommended, instead
of paying a mill on every acre of land which could
not be surveyed without the compass, that a gross
sum should be appropriated by Congress.
Mr. BIGGS. Is this for all subsequent use?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; for everything.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
mrs. caroline newington.
The bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, (S. No. 149,) to authorize the entry of cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline
Newington, received its second reading, and was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to authorize Mrs. Newington to
enter, at the proper land office, in the State of
Iowa, the east half of section seven and the west
half of section eight, in township ninety-six north
of range nine west, m that State, upon payment
to the receiver of the proper land office of $1 25
per acre; but with a proviso that the entry shall
be made within — months after the passage of
the act.
It appears by evidence, that on the 9th of May,
1855, the petitioner, by her agent, J. M. Flowers,
purchased of J. W. Frazer, first lieutenant of the ,
ninth regiment of the United States infantry, on
the part of the United States, all the public build-
ings and improvements at Fort Atkinson, in Iowa,
for the sum of $3,521. As the improvements
referred to in the sale consisted m part of im-
proved land, a valuable well, &c., which could
not be removed, Mrs. Newington supposed that
she would have the right to purchase the land
covered by the improvements; but, on applying
to the Secretary of War to purchase the land,
she was informed that he had no power to dis-
pose of it. She, therefore, petitions Congress to
permit her to enter the section of land upon which
the buildings and improvements are located at
the minimum price of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre, alleging, and submitting testimony
to prove, that without the land the buildings
would be of no value to her whatever, there being
in all four, two of which are constructed of stone>
