154
THE- CONGRESSISML, GLOBEL
January 5,
position fully upon the question of the principle
contained in the Kansas and Nebraska bill. I
trust the House will pardon me if I find it neces-
sary to refer to the remarks made by me some
days since, and even if I should repeat, to some
extent, what I then said.
The people of the State of Pennsylvania, when
the compromise resolutions of 1850 were passed,
although those measures did not meet with the
approbation of many of us, yet the great mass
of the people of that State, acquiesced in them
as a final settlement of the questions to which
they referred. They acquiesced for the purpose
of putting the vexed question of slavery at rest.
Some of the measures embraced in that compro-
mise were obnoxious to the people of Pennsyl-
vania, in common with the great mass of the
people of the North, but they were willing for
the sake of peace and compromise, to submit to
them all under th#>belief that the subject would
never again be agitated. They believed then, as
they believe now, that there was nothing in those
compromise measures of 1850 which in any way
disturbed, much less repealed, the Missouri com-
promise of 1820, made by our fathers, and which
the great men of the nation, North and South,
pledged themselves to abide by forever.
Under that belief the public mind became quiet.
We believed that the peace and quiet of the coun-
try would not again be disturbed. We were
willing to abide by the resolutions of 1850, but
we reprobated further agitation; and we were
amazed when we heard that the distinguished
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] had pro-
posed to repeal the Missouri compromise. vVe
were alarmed and disgusted when we learned that
the Missouri compromise was repealed by the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. Let me say, that the
public mind in Pennsylvania was then agitated
m every direction upon the subject.
Well, sir, the election of 1854 was held; and 1
want to say to my colleague [Mr. Broom] that
the present distinguished Executive of that State
was known to be hostile to the Nebraska and
Kansas bill, and in every public discussion during
the canvass he so represented his views upon the
subject.
Mr. BROOM. Will the gentleman allow me
lo say a word ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Nn, sir; I do not^vantto
be interrupted. But, sir, 1 will say, that in the
city of Philadelphia, in the very district repre-
sented by my colleague, [Mr. Broom,] the gen-
tleman now Governor of Pennsylvania, in that
election, declared his continued hostility to the
principle of the Kansas and Nebraska bill.
And let me say, as I said before, that although^
the Nebraska bill was not made an issue by the
■ American party in 1854, though that party had no
plank in their platform upon the subject of sla-
very, yet the people in Pennsylvania, irrespective
of party, were opposed to that bill. Nineteen
anti-Administration men were sent to this House
pledged to oppose that principle; and there are six-
teen out of the nineteen who have not been, and
will not be, recreant to the high trust confided in
them, and who are now, as they wercin 1854, op-
posed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
And why the honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Zollicoffer] undertakes to say that my
position upon this question is enigmatical, I do
not understand. I was nominated as an anti-
Nebraska man. I represented myself as such in
every town in my district. I made that issue
boldly then, and I make it now. And I now say
10 the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, that
X will continue to oppose the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise until I can be recreant to my
constituents, my country, and myself.
One word in reference to my colleague from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] who has, by his
answers to certain questions addressed to him
some days since, surrendered the whole ground
upon that subject. I entertain the highest respect
for that gentleman, for whom many members
upon tins floor have cast, and continue to cast,
their votes for the speakership. But I want it
understood distinctly, that it was my understand-
ing that that gentleman was elected to this House
in opposition to Mr. Wright, who voted for the
Nebraska bill, and that was the issue made in
the canvass between them; and, according to my
understanding, my colleague [Mr. Puller] was
elected as an anti-Nebraska man. I understood
him to take his seat upon this floor as such, and
I voted for him, as my first choice for Speaker, as
an anti-Nebraska candidate.
The Democratic party in Pennsylvania, as the
votes in the House for the last five weeks will
show, are here only in strength sufficient to add
to the confusion of that party in this body, and
are thus in the minority because they advocated
in that canvass the principle ofthe Kansas andNe-
braska bill, and opposed the doctrines advocated
by the great American ■ party. They came into
power on the compromise propositions of 1850,
and in their train followed the present Executive,
with twenty-seven States, and over one hundred
and sixty members of the popular branch in the
lastCongress. Where are they now? That party,
collected here around their ruined altar, is con-
fessedly too weak to organize the House, and
only able to aid factions, and thereby prevent
progress with the regular business of the country.
Let me say to gentlemen now, as I have said
before, that I am still an anti-Nebraska man,
and that I will continue to act with the gentlemen
who are opposed to the principles of the Kansas-
Nebraskabill. Yet,inall the distinctive American
doctrines, I am as sound as my colleague, [Mr.
Broom.] And I say to him, that the State of
Pennsylvania repudiated the twelfth section;and
if the honorable gentleman will acknowledge the
authority of the council which met in the city of
Reading, he cannot advocate the election of any
gentleman on that section. I desire to say it to
the people of the great commercial city of Phila-
delphia, that I believe they are anti-Nebraska
to the core; that I believe they voted for the
Executive of Pennsylvania and for honorable
gentlemen on this floor, because they were not
willing that the institution of slavery should ob-
tain any advantage-from the repeal of the Missouri
compromise of 1820.
After this explanation, Mr. Clerk, I hope that
members will not point to my position as enig-
matical. I am here in opposition to all the fea-
tures of tho Kansas-Nebraska act; and I shall
so remain. I will vote for any gentleman on the
floor of this House who professes to staud by
the true principles of Americanism, and hostility
to the Kansas-Nebraska act.
Mr. CADWALADER. _ Mr. Clerk, I do not
rise with the slightest desire of interfering with
these domestic dissensions in the family of the
so-called American party. This quarrel they
may fight out in detail for our present and future
instruction, if notfortheirimprovementoradvant-
age. I rise, because there fell from my colleague,
[Mr. Broom,] with what I believe to have been
a deluded, though perfect sincerity, certain ref-
erences to past occurrences which he chooses to
call historical. These arc the melancholy occur-
rences at Philadelphia in the years 1843 and 1844,
when this .American party was, for a brief season,
an open instead of a secret organization. In
those days there were occurrences which the
honorable gentleman truly describes as historical;
but he has given what I believe to bo an altogether
erroneous statement of the historical facts to
which he refers.
Let me briefly state what is the version of those
who differ from him with equal sincerity of belief,
and with at hast equal means of knowledge. In
every great city, crowded with inhabitants, there
is a portion of the population ready to take part
in any scenes of rapine, or murder, or arson, or
religious persecution—offenses which, for polit-
ical purposes, I class in the same category. For
the misdeeds of sucli persons, tho rest of the
population is to a very limited extent responsible,
if responsible at all. Sir, my native city is not
exempt from the unavoidable curse of having
within her limits a class of such outlaws. Thank
God ! but a small portion of her population is of
that description. Intheyears 1843-'44 there were
heralded, in front of the dwelling-houses of a por-
tion of our naturalized population who professed
a religion entitled in this land to equal toleration
with any other, placards and banners, and paraded
through the streets which they inhabited with
every species of public demonstration insulting to
their religious creed. Mobs, composed of such
outlaws as I have described, paraded, as is usual,
through certain suburbs of the city, side by side
with those who thus tauntingly displayed these
insulting insignia.. As soon as a few poor hum-
ble naturalized citizens were goaded into natural
expressions of resentment at these unprovoked
insults, then, sir, began a work of which I will.
only mention the results. The results will suf-
fice. These results were the burning of dwelling-
houses, every one of which was inhabited by
naturalized citizens and Catholics.
Mr. WHITNEY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. CADWALADER. In a moment. I
say, and I repeat it, that they burned dwelling-
houses of poor, unoffending citizens, not one of
them a native-born, and not one of them a Pro-
testant. It did not cease here. What followed ?
Churches were next destroyed, and their ruins
smoked in the city for days. The churches
were those of our fellow-citizens who professed
the Catholic religion. What was the consequence?
This party, which thus, fora season,attempted an
open organization, dwindled while it was thus an
open organization into a miserable, pitiful rem-
nant of a faction. Disgraced and deserted, it
shrank from the light and disappeared. When,
and how, did it reappear? It reappeared after
some years as a secret organization. And why ?
Because its professors had the sagacity to per-
ceive , or had learned from experience, that, when-
ever they openly disclosed their principles, every
man of education and of liberal and enlightened
patriotism would shrink, as the members of their
party on this floor now shrink, from some of the
propositions which had been inculcated in their
secret conventicles. I say it to the honor of the
gentlemen who, on reflection, do so. Here we
find one member disclaiming that portion; an-
other member this portion; and a third member
another portion of what this so-called American
party had primarily proclaimed as their distinctive
principles.
Mr. WHITNEY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has given to the House the beginning
and the sequel to what he is pleased to designate
as a history. I would ask him to relate the inter-
mediate events of that history. What causes led
to the incendiary acts of which he speaks ? What
provocation was given? Were not Americans
murdered in cold blood in the public streets?
Were theynot slain by the assassin's bullets, fired
from those very houses, and by those very for-
eigners, at a moment when those American citi-
zens were peaceably exercising a constitutional
right?
Mr. CADWALADER. I will answer the
gentleman, although what he calls a question is,
in an interrogative form, a repetition of the very
assertion of my colleague to which I had risen
to reply. It has been asserted 
Mr. WHITNEY, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman answer my question, whether Ameri-
cans were not murdered from those houses?
Mr. CADWALADER. It has been asserted,
and the assertion has been contradicted, that the
event stated by the gentleman from New York
occurred. I, myself, do not believe it; and I
never did.
Mr. WHITNEY. Whatever diversity of state-
ment may have appeared to palliate the atrocity,
there could exist no diversity of fact. The cold
corpses of eight murdered Americans were there,
the ghastly, but silent witnesses of the deed!
'Mr. CADWALADER. I reply by saying
that there were two versions of those facts, and
also as to the origin of the occurrence. There
are always on such occasions contradictory asser-
tions on the question which party was the ag-
gressor. The gentleman from New York, I say
again, has only repeated, in the form of an inter-
rogatory, what my colleague from Pennsylvania
primarily asserted. There is here again, then, I
repeat, a different version of that part of those
occurrences.
If the fact were even so, that a poor foreigner
or Catholic was taunted into aiT act of lawless
retaliation for unprovoked insults, would that
have justified, from men claiming to be enlight-
ened native citizens, and calling themselves Amer-
icans,—would it have justified a species of revenge
such as was perpetrated on that occasion, in a
country calling itself a land of freedom,—a revenge
more cruel, more brutal, and more ferocious than
that of the savages of the wilderness ?
Mr. EDIE. I move that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to indulge me for five minutes.
