144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
power ought not to be conferred upon the com-
mittee. If there are any facts in this case which
go to show that Reeder himself is legally elected
under, or by virtue of, any written or printed
laws of Kansas or of Congress, let a commission
issue. I, for one, will so vote. If it is pro-
posed to show, by legal and competent evidence,
that General Whitfield was not elected, and that
some other person, now claiming his seat, was
legally elected, then the commission should go,
and I will vote for it. But I do not think it ought
to be issued upon the application of a mere stran-
ger, who has no title or right in himself—one
who has no legal interest in the result, and who,
upon his own show, is not a party having any in-
terest in this inquiry, and who could not be bene-
fited by vacating the seat of the sitting member.
If General Whitfield were, by a vote of this J
House, ousted, who would, by his vote here, say '
that Governor Reeder is the lawful and rightful
Delegate of Kansas—that his election, based upon
unwritten laws not known to our people, and
now, for the very first time, attempted to be im-
posed upon and practiced in a civilized commu-
nity, among peaceful law-abiding citizens, shall
prevail ? *
Take another view of this case. Grant the
commission; give the commissioners power to go
to Kansas to examine witnesses; how long will it
take them ? If Reeder can prolong this contest
until the termination of this present Congress, is
he the loser ? Not a farthing. Has it not been
the universal practice of this House, in all and
every of the contested cases before them, with
but one solitary exception, to pay both the claim-
ants, and to pay both to the sitting member and
his contestant full allowance, both in mileage and
per diem allowance, from the commencement of
the session up to the day of final decision by the
House? There may have been one exception,
but it is only one—it stands solitary and alone.
The general practice is as I have stated, as gen-
tlemen all here inform me. If, then, this case
can be put off under pretense of taking this testi-
mony , or sending to Kansas, Missouri, and other
places for witnesses, papers, &c., Reeder will be
well paid for his trouble, travel, &c.
Another fact which had nearly escaped my
recollection is relied upon by Governor Reeder to
invalidate the act of the Kansas Legislature. It is
this: that he, then being the Governor of that
Territory, was authorized and empowered to de-
termine and fix the place where and the time when
the Legislature of that Territory, after their first
election, should first convene. This right was
vested in him, then being the Governor, by the
act of Congress enacting the territorial form of
government; and under that act, as such Gov-
ernor, he had the right, after the election of the
members ofthe Territorial Legislature, to convene
them when and where, within that Territory, he
might choose and select. Governor Reeder did
in due form, by his proclamation, convene them
at a place called Pawnee City, where the Legisla-
ture first met. The words of the act gave him the
power to " convene" the Legislature; he did so.
1he act did not require the Legislature to hold
their first or any other session where convened bv
the Governor. They were to be convened there.
No words m the act gave to the Governor any
further or other power as to the session of the
Legislature at any place, other than that the Gov-
ernor should convene them at such place as he
might select. When the Legislature assembled at
Pawnee City they found that there were no build-
ings to be had by them for their sessions. In fact
♦ hopo nrtto    i . ,
. , j me" sessions, in tact
there was but one or two log buildings there, and
none of any other kind. They found that thev
could not be accommodated at that place; that the
Asiatic cholera was prevalent in the neighborhood
where convened." They duly met and convened
in the place as ordered! by the Governor; thev
organized, chose their officers, and then passed
an act, when there convened, authorizing the Le-
j^ature to meet at another place called Shawnee
Governor Reeder vetoed that act, as by the act
of Congress establishing the Territory he had
the right to do. After the receipt of the Gov-
ernor a message placing his veto upon the last-
™ " act th« Legislature, the same act
was again passed by a two-third vote against the
veto, and thus became the law of the land; and
Governor Reeder now objects to the validity of
that act of the Kansas Legislature under which
General Whitfield claims to be elected, because
that act was not passed at Pawnee City,where they
were first convened, but at another place to which
the Legislature had adjourned. Would such an
act of the Legislature of a Territory, assembled
, by legal authority at one place whore the Gov-
ernor had convened them, having, by their or-
ganic law, the power to legislate—to pass laws
for the Territory, prohibit such Legislature from
selecting some other place within the Territory,
and there doing the business of legislating? Is
there anything restraining in the words, "the
Governor shall convene the Legislature at such
I place as he may select," to prevent such Legis-
j lature from changing the place of their meeting
[ to some other place which, in their judgment,
was more convenient and proper, especially when
i sickness, the want of a house or houses in which
| j to meet, the inconvenience of getting board or
j lodgings, impelled them to make the change?
' In other words, in the case of necessity, as was
this case, has not a legislative body within itself
the inherent power, unless restrained i n the or-
ganic law under which they are called and elected,
to adjourn to another day and to another place?
Has not a legislative body the power in the words,
"power to legislate," the right to do all acts neces-
sary to effect legislation ? Do not the words in the
organic law, "power to legislate," give the power,
after convening, to adjourn to another place?
When no place is fixed for the holding of the
Legislature in the constitution ofthe State, it has
. j always been the universal practice of the Legis-
!: lature to change and alter the times and places
; of their meeting. Most, if not all, the State Legis-
latures, whose capital has not been located by the
I, constitution of the State, have,from time to time,
■ changed the place of their meeting. Indeed, we
know of one instance in which the Legislature of j
the State of Georgia, in the time of the war of the
American Revolution, held their session in the '
State of North Carolina. It never was questioned j
that the legislation thus passed in North Caro-
lina was null, void, or of no effect.
It is to be remembered that it appears, from
the record of the legislative body of Kansas re-
ferred to in the report of the committee, after
such removal of the seat of government from the
place where first convened by Governor Reeder,
that Governor Reeder, after such removal and
change of place, by repeated messages to that
Legislature, recognized them as the only true and
legitimate legislative body of Kansas. How can
r u0W say' a^er hi® official acknowledgment
P ^ existence, that they were no legislative
body—mere usurpers and intruders? Is he not
now estopped from denying his own official and
solemn acts—acts done and performed by him
under the sanction of an oath ? Which shall
we believe, Governor Reeder, acting officially as
Governor of the Territory, under the sanction
and binding force of an oath, or the Hon. An-
drew H. Reeder , contestant for a seat as Delegate
trom Kansas, without oath, and having a pecu-
niary interest to unseat his successful rival? It
would be but fair to say, that Governor Reeder
acting under his high responsibility as Governor,
without interest to swerve or move him from the
; path of duty, is better authority that Mr. A. H.
Reeder, the petitioner for a seat on this floor.
But supposing the change of one place by the
I Legislature when they were convened vacates or
; annuls the act of that Legislature now in ques-
tion, I will, then, ask whether such change of
place and removal of the legislative body does not
appear from their public laws and records? Do
not the laws passed by them after their removal
upon their very face, show the place where and
the time when passed ? Look at the statutes of
that Territory in our Library: the place of pass-
ing, and the time when passed, both appear upon
every one of them. The place where passed is,
"If"' a ,maUer of record, appearing upon the stat- 1
ute-book. How, then, can witnesses be exam- !
ineU, parol evidence admitted, to prove a public
record, which speaks for itself, and needs no 1
mitereno°fr El i"'' PTf? W,by shou!d the Com- I
mittee of Elections have conferred upon them or
their commissioners all this extraordinary power I.
to send for persons and papers to prove what
your very records show and prove without any
expense, cost, or trouble, further than to send
one of our little pages to the Librarian of the
House Library to produce it? No good, Mr.
Speaker, can result from such a commission as
is proposed to examine witnesses, to send for
persons and papers, at such an immense cost as
we know will ensue.
Mr. Speaker, I will venture to assert that, if
this House will pass a resolution that, in the
trial of this contested election, either party may
take out a commission, giving him or them full
power and authority to send for persons and
papers, as they or either of them may determine,
subject to this proviso, that the unsuccessful
party—he who fails to get the seat, shall pay all
the costs of witnesses, papers, commissioners,
•fee.—that under such a resolution, with such a
proviso, Governor Reeder will act as he did, after
serving General Whitfield with notice of his
intent to contest his seat, that he would take
depositions, &c. No, sir, he never would take
out the commission under such a proviso. If he
will, I will agree to vote for the authority and
power asked for. Does any gentleman here
believe that Governor Reeder, if his case were
placed before us as a plaintiff in a court of law,
a.nd he was bound to show a rightful claim and
title to the seat which he now claims, upon the
: pain and penalty of all other plaintiffs, of a judg-
j ment against him for all costs of suit in this case,
would ever again trouble us, or the nation, with a
I further hearing. No, he would suffer a nonpros, at
I bar, or enter a discontinuance of his claim. Then,
; sir, in a case where a citizen would not prosecute
his claim under a well-founded doubt as to his
right and title to the matter in controversy in
such a case as that I cannot feel myself, as one
of the Representatives ofthe people of my native
State,justified in votingaway thousands of dol-
lars out of the public Treasury to determine a
matter in which the complaining party is not
willing to risk the danger of a judgment against
him tor costs upon the rendition of a verdict
against him. I submit the case to the judgment
of the House, tendering to them my hearty thanks
for their patience with and attention to me. I
have no fears of the result of the vote of the
House.
Notice to sitting Delegate,
To Hon. J, W. Whitfield :
Sir : Please take notice that I shall contest your right to
a seat in the next Congress of the United States, as con-
gressional Delegate of the Territory of Kansas; and that the
depositions of witnesses to prove the invalidity ofthe law
under winch your alleged election took place, and the ille-
gality of votes cast for you on the 1st day of October in-
| stant, wiJl be taken at the following times and places, before
«n?n^|eI,JUStlce' or C0I?Peterlt person ; at which times
P.'®8 y°« may attend, if you think proper, to cross-
examine s
nf F™ r1(W5tr''6th' a"d Ith ofNovernher next, at the house
\t" i." o Parv<!v> m lhe town of Topeka.
thp ?„8th of November next, at the American Hotel, in
the town of Kansas. State of Missouri.
nf a" Itf e«^A10th'-an!!12th of N°vembernext, at the office
j?* ®lJ1Pson5lI* the town of Lawrence,
14th Of November next, at the house of
Gn thp l -fth ffgM°n thtVermilion branch of Blue river.
Mo "re| in Mooreshurg^ Rr next> at the house * w. w.
ptol^nM^rFort lcottN°VCmber "eXt' "thC °,d HoS-
Jnmii'fi 19,th arld ^.0ttl of November next, at the house of
James Hughes, in the town of Osawattomie.
Smith'hi councifcity!11''01 " Ule h°U8e 0f Lotan
tije 2*?, and 95th of November next at the
oflice of Wilham Phillips, in Leavenworth City '
theT^nW^"? f^es, exctpt 1)16 tow" °f Kansas, are in
^ r^"t0r^Kansas> aiul the time commencing at
each place will be ten o'clock, a. ro.; and if it is found im-
practicable to take such depositions at the houses named
co7vPWn'"nteplai°cUrned' ^ n0tiCe at tU"e> 10 a
Any other notices which you may receive for the aavtia
purposes ,signed by G. P. ifowry, ^
™ n i. "ar™"> Esq., or G. W. Brown, Esq., on niv behalf
will he authorized by me. a. H. REEDER. '
Kansas Territory, October 16, 1855.
■Answer of rifting Delegate to notice.
a n?5cJl S'ven on the J6th of October. The next
day (the 17th) General Whitfield made this reply:
To A. H. Reeder, Esq.:
that you will contest my right to a seat in the next Congress
