1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and cruel enactments, which are but the result of
the usurpation, was to make Kansas a slave State.
It was to defeat that object, that the free-State
men emigrated to Kansas, as well as to find for
themselves a western home. This is the real
cause of complaint. It is not pretended by any-
body that any one has the right to prescribe the
number of free-State men that may go there. It
is not pretended that they violated any law in
going there, or that they refused to submit to all
that men ought to submit to after they got there.
But the real cause of complaint seems to be, that
the y went there to make it a fret State, and for that
crime their printing presses have been destroyed,
their houses burned, and many of them impris-
oned and murdered, and that, too, by the consent
and sanction of the President. For that crime a
usurpation of their rights is justified, and they
are compelled to submit to a bloody code of laws
forced upon them against their will—made and
enacted not by and for the people of Kansas, but
made by their invaders to carry out the schemes
of the slave power. The day of their deliverance
is not distant.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out any word in it—a
mere pro forma amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to make a state-
ment to the House, The course which this
debate has taken is entirely out of order, and I
shall ask the Chairman in future to confine gen-
tlemen to their amendments strictly.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is just exactly what
I intended to ask. I want to know if a gentle-
man can rise in his place upon this floor, and im-
pute improper motives to any gentleman for any
vote which he may have given ?
Mr. PRINGLE. I rise to a question of order:
the gentleman is not speaking to his amend,
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania what his
amendment is ?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is to strike out any part
of the amendment—say the last four lines.
Mr. PRINGLE. The gentleman is not speak-
ing to that amendment.
'Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Indi
ana [Mr. Cdmback] says that the repeal of the
Missouri compromise was intended to make Kan-
sas a slave State. I say, sir, that the universal
sentiment of the North was against the constitu-
tionality of the Missouri compromise line. [Cries
of" Order!" " Order!"}
' Mr. PRINGLE. I rise to a question of order
I would like to know what is the amendment o
the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the
last four lines of the amendment ?
' Mr. PRINGLE. I believe the gentleman is
not speaking to that amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the Chair will not
take these interruptions out of my time. I hope
the gentleman from New York will treat me with
Christian forbearance, [laughter,] as I am sick
and almost unable to stand upon this floor to-day
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro^
Mr. FLORENCE. I say to the gentleman
from Indiana, that the universal sentiment of the
North was against the constitutionality of the
Missouri compromise line, ["Order!"] and I
deemed it a duty, and due to the citizens of all
the States, ["Order!" "Order!"] to vote for its
repeal.
Mr. PRINGLE. I call the gentleman to order,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania will confine himself to the discussion of
his amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 hope the Chair
will enforce the rule; for unless debate is confined
to the amendments under consideration, we shall
nevei be able to get through with this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very well satisfied
with the point of order; and if the Chair decides
that the point is well taken, I will submit to the
decision. But gentlemen rise upon this floor and
impugn the motives of gentlemen who act accord-
ing to their conviction of duty. I have seen
presumption stalking abroad here before to-day,
but 1 have never seen it justified before to 
[cries of "Order!" rendered the remainder of the
sentence inaudible.] I appeal toevery gentleman j
upon the floor, who is governed by a conscien-
tious conviction of duty,as I am, whether, when
I cast my vote according to that conviction of
duty, it is not indecorous and out of order for
gentlemen to impugn my motives. I say that I
was not engaged in any plot against the people
of the country. 1 was opposed to the existence
of an unconstitutional line, and I felt it my duty
to vote to remove it; and as long as I am per-
mitted to occnpy a seat upon this floor 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I
raise a point <}f order. The gentleman s remarks
are not pertinent to the amendment which he has
proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must request the
gentleman to confine himself to his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. If I am out of order I will
take my scat.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it not in order to move the
gentleman have leave to proceed with his re-
marks ?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by the unanimous
consent of the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. There have been four or five
other speeches made, and just afterone upon the
other side. To draw a strict rule now, upon the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, looks like partial-
ity. It would be more decorous to allow him to
proceed with his speech, and make the point of
order upon some other gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there has been no disposition manifested on his
part to do injustice to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. This debate had already, before the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had obtained the
floor, taken such a course as to the Chair did not
seem right; but as no gentleman objected, the
Chair was disposed to suffer it to proceed.
Mr. SAVAGE. Permit me to say that I did
not intend to charge upon the Chair any partial-
ity whatever. I thought it wrong upon the part
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House
to make objections at this particular time, and
upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate had taken a
wide range; and whenever the attention of th$
Chair was called to it by members of the com-
mittee, he felt himself bound to request the gent
tleman to confine his remarks to the amendment
before the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit to the decision of
the Chair. I admit, that my remarks were not
exactly pertinent to the proposition I submitted.
I think the point of order well taken; and will
take another opportunity, God willing, to say a
word or two upon this subject. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment,
by adding this proviso:
Provided, It is not to be in force till after three months.
Mr. Chairman, the object sought to be obtained
through this amendment, by its mover and other
gentlemen, is, as I understand it, the withdrawal
from Kansas of the power of the United States,
and to leave the citizens of the Territory, and
others who may think proper to go there, to set-
tle the matter as they may deem proper, whether
peacefully or by'violence.
Mr. BARBOUR. The gentleman misappre-
hends the object of the amendment. It is to de-
clare void the laws of the Legislature of Kansas,
and all the laws of the United States in force.
Mr. COX. That may be the avowed object
here, but the effect of it will be to deny to the
President the power of keeping the forces of the
Government there until the laws are repealed by
Congress. There, are now two parties there—
one declaring that the laws of the Territory are
void, and that they will not obey them; and the
other, claiming that the laws of the Territory
arc valid, and shall be obeved. If you leave the
Territory unprotected by tlie arms of the Federal
Government, these parties will come into hostile
collision, as they have done heretofore. There
are men pouring in there from the different sec-
tions of the country—some from the North, and
some from the South—participating in this con-
troversy; and the consequence will be, that, by
the increased numbers of participants in ths
strife, the flame of civil discord will be spread
over the whole land.
I am in favor of encouraging the heart and of
strengthening the arm of the executive power of the
Government. I am in favor of keeping the army
in Kansas until the. people come to ft sense of
justice and propriety—whether they be from the
North or from the South—and of enforcing the
laws of the Territory until they are repealed Si
a regular way.
I do not pretend to justify all the laws that
have been passed there; but they are laws, and
until they are repealed, resistance to them strides
at the principle which lies at the foundation of
your Government. No man lias a right to resist
the laws upon his own private judgment: no set
of men have a right to resist the laws on their pri-
vate judgment; and your Government is a fait-
ure if you allow the laws to be resisted and set at
naught, whether they be valid or invalid, until
the courts have decided upon them. The party
that resists them is in rebellion to the constituted
authorities of the country, and must be subdued
by the strong arm of the law, or else the Govern-
ment is nothing better than a rope of sand. I
am, therefore, opposed to leaving the people of the
Territory, in the present condition of affairs,in
the Territory, to settle this matter for themselves. •
I want the question to be settled as the bill organ-
izing the Territory directed it to be settled, peace-
fully, by the residents and citizens of the Terri-
tory. But you must first withdraw the orders
of party conscription by which at the North and
South men are enlisted for Kansas, who are filled
with frenzy and fanatic rage, and who go there
to overspread the beautiful plains of Kansas with
violence and blood. Leave the rich soil ana
delightful climate of Kansas as the only incen-
tives to emigration to her plains, and the resi-
dent population of the Territory will soon peace-
fully and quietly settle their dissensions. But, in
the mean time, let the President keep the peace
there; and to do so you must allow him to hold
the strong arm of the Government^ authority
over the heads of offenders in the Territory, until
such time as the laws shall take their regular
course there.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, withdrew
it.
Mr. KENNETT. I wish, to offer the follow-
ing substitute for the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana:
At tlic end of the thirteenth line insert, as follows: And
the 1'resident of the United States is hereby directed to
withdraw all the United States troops from the Territory of
Kansas, and to close up the forts.
This, Mr. Chairman, will test the sincerity of
the gentlemen on the other side who propose
to deprive the President of all power to use the
army of the United States in quelling disturbances
and preventing civil war in Kansas. "We will
see whether they are ready to accept a proposi-
tion here which will leave that Territory again to
be placed and to continue in a state of discord
and dissension.
It will not be expected here, sir—it cannot be
expected—that under present circumstances this
whole question of affairs in Kansas can be con-
sidered. If it be the object of gentlemen to open
up anew that discussion, let them withdraw the
five-minutes rule, and let us take up and consider
the report of the investigating committee, and go
over the ground again which has, in various ways,
already been repeatedly traversed during this
Congress. But 1 should hope that, at this time
of the session, when there is so much business
of vast importance upon our Calendar not yet
acted upon, we should at once dispose of this
matter by voting down the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana; for it is understood, of
course, that I only offer this proposition for the
purpose of making these remarks.
Sir, as I before intimated, I shall not, m the
short space of five minutes, undertake the justi-
fication of my constituents, or the people of Mis-
souri generally, from the various charges now or
heretofore made against them on this floor. But
that my silence may not be misconstrued or mis-
understood, I take occasion here, and now, to
say that I have been silent only because I left the
defense of our people in abler hands—in the hands
of my colleague, [Mr. Phelps,] the oldest mem-
