THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 35, 1856.
New Series....No. 56.
and hence cannot be moved, and the other two of
logs, which are in a dilapidated condition.
The petitioner in making the purchase evi-
dently designed using the buildings for agricul-
tural purposes, and it is obvious that buildings
of that character, located as they are, in the in-
terior of a sparsely-settled section of the country,
can be of but little use for any other purpose;
hence, the committee are of the opinion that at
least one scction of land should go with the
buildings, or the aim of the purchaser would be
defeated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. There is a blank in the
bill to be filled.
Mr. STUART. I move to insert " six."
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ZADOCIC THOMPSON.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims,
(S. No. 154,) for the relief of the legal represen-
tatives of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont, was
read a secod time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Its object is to provide for the payment to the
legal representatives of Mr. Thompson, the
sum of $300, in full for his services in preparing a
historical mtioduction to the returns of the seventh
census of the State of Vermont.
By the act providing for taking the seventh
census, the superintendence of the returns was
placed in the hands of the Secretary of the In-
terior. Mr. Kennedy was the chief clerk of the
census bureau, and had. the actual supervision
under the direction and control of the Secretary.
A plan was adopted during the recess of Congress
for publishing the returns, embracing, among other
things, a brief historical account of each State.
An application was made by Mr. Kennedy to the
memorialist to prepare such a history of the State
of Vermont. Mr. Thompson had written a his-
tory of Vermont, and was perfectly competent to
perform the labor required. He did perform it
satisfactorily, and labored incessantly upon the
work for nearly two months.
Subsequently, Congress passed an act provid-
ing for the manner in which the returns should
be published, and directing that the proposed
historical introduction for each State should be
omitted. Afterwards Mr. De Bow was appointed
clerk of the Census Bureau, and declined to chief
pay Mr. Thompson for his services, for want of
authority. On the 22d of July, 1853, he wrote to
Mr. Thompson as follows: " There is no au-
thority in the office to pay for such matter, which
I regret. I have been compelled to decide against
such cases, though I admit yours is one of much
hardship."
The committee think that Mr. Thompson had
a just claim upon the Government for his services,
and that compensation should be made to his
legal representatives, he having died since the
memorial was presented.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DEMPSEY PITTMAN.
The bill (S. No. 158) for the relief of Dempscy
Pittman, reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, received its second reading, and was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the proper accounting officers
to c-udit and settle the account of Dempsey Pitt-
man for his military services in Florida, in the
yea- 1838, and to pay him such compensation
and allowances as may be found to be justly due
him; with a proviso that the amount shall not
exceed the pay of a colonel of infantry for five
months.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES HARRINGTON.
The bill (S. No. 159) for the relief of James
56
Harrington, reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to Harrington of $500, as
a full indemnification for loss of time and expense
incurred during sickness caused by melting lead
whilst in the employment of the United States.
Harrington was employed at the United States
arsenal in Washington city, in 1846, as a laborer.
In making musket and rifle balls for the Mexican
war, then going on, a large amount of dross or
skimmings accumulated upon the premises, and
Harrington was put to work at melting down this
dross in an open blast furnace. The employment
was considered so dangerous that other men re-
fused to undertake it; but Harrington gave to it
his constant attention, amidst the poisonous fumes
arising from it, and thereby saved to the Govern-
ment several tons of lead, which would otherwise
have been lost; but by this process his health was
permanently injured, and he now asks for remu-
neration for loss of time and expenses incurred
in consequence of illness produced by the nature
of his work.
Captain Mordecai, commanding at the arsenal,
and William Ashdown, foreman of the works,
testify that Harrington was so employed, and
that his health has been greatly injured theieby.
Drs. Holmcad and Linslcy certify that they at-
tended lnm during sickness produced by his work
at melting lend for the United States, and that he
is always liable to a return of the disease.
Under the circumstances the committee report
a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
MARSHAL OF MISSOURI.
The bill introduced by Mr. Geyer, (S. No.
131,) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
approve the accounts of the marshal of the dis-
trict of Missouri for furniture provided for the
use of the circuit court of the United States for
said district, at the April term of said court held
at St. Louis in the year 1854, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to allow, in the accounts of Thomas S.
Bryant, marshal for Missouri, the sum expended
for furniture purchased for the use of the circuit
court of the United States for that district, (and
approved by R. W. Wells, the district judge for
Missouri,) at the April term of the court held
April, 1854, at St. Louis, not exceeding in all the
sum of $300.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSHUA SHAW.
The bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of Joshua
Shaw, of Bordcntown, New Jersey, reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Joshua Shaw $7,0UU, which amount
with that paid to him under the provisions of the
act approved February 20, 1846, is to be in full
compensation to him for.thc past and future use
uf his invention of percussion caps and locks for
small arms, and of percussion locks and wafer
primers to be applied to the firing of cannon. *
By the act of February 20, 1846, the Secre-
tary of War was "authorized and directed to
examine the claims of Joshua Shaw upon the
Government of the United States, and report to
the proper officers of the Treasury for payment,
such amount as may be found due him, upon
principles of justice and equity, not exceeding
$25,000, which amount is hereby directed to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, as a' full compensation for the
past and future use of his invention of percussion
caps and locks for small-arms, and percussion
locks and wafer primers to be applied to the firing
of cannon." Under the provisions of this act, the
Secretary of War allowed to the memorialist
$18,00.0 only, and the remaining $7,000 is now
asked, in compliance with what seemed to be the
intention of Uongress, and in consideration of
the undoubted utility and value of the invention,
as since developed by its use in the Mexican war.
It appears that the Government has made &
valuable use of the invention; the percussiori
lock has been extensively introduced into the
Army, and a great number of muskets have been
altered from the flint to the percussion locks; the
mode of small-arm priming by percussion powder
has superseded all others; and the copper per-
cussion caps for firing small-arms are now relied
upon as most effective, safe, and serviceable.
The Maynard primer is to be used in conjunction
with the percussion caps, and not to their disuse;
and in the opinion of Colonel Craig, chief of the
Ordnance Department, the whole amount men-
tioned in the act of February 20, 1846, is not too
great a compensation to Joshua Shaw for the past
and future use of his invention. As the Govern-
ment has liberally compensated other inventors
for the use of their inventionS^\he committee rec-
ommended«the allowance and payment of the
$7,000 now claimed by the petitioner as consti-
tuting, with the sum formerly paid, the maximum
contemplated by Congress in the passage of the
act of February 20, 1846.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. H. SCRANTON AND J. M. HUNT.
The bill (S. No. 162) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, reported by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Scranton and Hunt $7,333 33 for
conveying the United States mail on Puget's
Sound, in the years 1854 and 1855.
In 1852, 1853, and 1854, so rapid was the in-
crease of population and improvement of the
country about Puget's Sound, in Washington
Territory, that post offices wcie established and
postmasters appointed at Olympia, Fort Town-
send, and other places, a distance of about three
hundred and twenty miles, and the United States
mail conveyed by contract to the 30th of June,
1854, at which time the contract expired. After
that date, there being no contract conveyance,
and the facilities of the country requiring it, the pe-
titioners, at the urgent request of the citizens and
business community, the collector of the customs
at Fort Townsend, and officers of the Territory,
conveyed the mail from the 25th of September,
1854, to the 28th August, 1855, by steamboats,
and the service was regularly performed at great
expense and sacrifice. Their claim for this ser-
vice is sustained by the evidence of the different
postmasters on the route, and the United States
mail agents, by the action of the Legislative
Assembly of Washington Territory, and by the
Delegates m Congress, Messrs. Anderson and
Lane, from Washington and Oregon Territories,
who say in their testimony that " in regard to
the claim of Messrs. Scranton & Hunt, for mail
scrvice on Puget's Sound, we would say, that the
amount asked for the service in question is about
one half what the United States are now paying
for the same service on the Pacific, viz: from
Panama to Astoria the sum paid for that service
is $343,250, a distance of three thousand five
hundred miles, service semi-monthly. This
amounts to about $49 per mile."
The distance from Olympia to the points on
Puget's Sound, mentioned in the memorial of
Messrs. Scranton & Hunt, is from three hundred
and twenty to three hundred and thirty miles;
| and allowing the same rate per mile as is paidfor
the service from Panama to Astoria, their claim
would be upwards of $15,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
