1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. EDIE. Will the gentleman renew the
motion ?
Mr. WALKER. I will.
Mr. EDIE. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WALKER. I have not sought the floor,
Mr. Clerk, for the purpose of participating in this
discussion, or with a view of attempting anything
like a defense of the principles of the American
party, which have this day been assailed. It is
my intention, at an appropriate season, and
when by the rules of the House I may have time
ample enough to enable me to do the subject
justice, to avail myself of such an occasion for
that purpose. But I rise now, sir, for a different
object. The debate to which we have listened
this morning has, as has been very apparent, af-
forded great pleasure and amusement to one side
of the House; and whenever the family quarrel,
if I may call it so, amongst the members of the
so-called American party, became warmer and
warmer, and whenever the Clerk's hammer fell,
why, sir, cries were heard from the so-called
Democratic portion of this House of "Let the
gentleman go on." They enjoyed this species
of what they doubtless considered mutual slaugh-
ter.
Now, sir, I have no objection to some merriment
and amusement, even if be at the expense of
those who claim to belong to the American party;
but I am unwilling that all the amusement shall
be upon one side of the House. While the debate
has tended to show that there is not entire unity
and harmony in the American party, and while
that disclosure here has provoked merriment on
the part of my Democratic friends, I beg to call
their attention to an authoritative declaration as
to the condition of their own party, and see
whether or not there is the most commendable
harmony in their own ranks. Sir, I read from
no ephemeral newspaper of the day; I read from
a speech delivered by one of their most distin-
guished and eloquent members—a gentleman now
occupying a seat upon this floor, and who distin-
guished himself as a member during the last Con-
gress, and especially in reference to the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Here, sir, is what he has but
very lately said, with regard to the Democratic
party. [Loud cries of " His name!"] I_will
give his name presently. He is in my eye, and
within the sound of my voice. He is an entirely
orthodox State-Rights Democrat.
After speaking upon the general topics of the
day; the condition of parties; the fragments into
which they had, under the force and stress of
circumstances, been resolved in all sections of the
country, he came down to speak of the then and
the present condition of the Democratic party,
and here is what he says:
" How fares it now with the Democratic party ? Its ban-
ner still glance in the sun, and its legions still rally at their
chieftains' biddings. But what inscriptions are on the
banners? and wliat cries rewound over the field? Are
not the Softs the Democratic party in New York? And
have they not upon their flag the Wilmot proviso, in the
shape of ( uncompromising hostility to the extension of
slave territory ?' Did not "Biglcr, m his canvass for Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, carry a banner with Free-Soil on
one side, and Conservatism on the other? Did not the
paity in all the New England States skulk from the slavery
question? Is the picture any brighter m the Northwest?
Where,in all that region, save Illinois, have the constitu-
tional rights of the South been upheld ? How stands the
paity even upon the Nebraska bill ?
" In the fiee States it is maintained upon the ground of
squatter sovereignty, and alien suffrage, and noithern fa-
cilities for colonization. Can the South uphold it upon these
grounds? Who here will indorse the monstrous doctune
of squatter sovereignty, bom of political cowaidicc and
selfish ambition? Where, then, is the unity of the Demo-
cratic party? It differs in the defense even of its funda-
mental measures."
That is the language employed by my honor-
able friend from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] in
a speech lately delivered at Barnwell court-house,
in the State of South Carolina. [Much merri-
ment.] Now,\tfhat a spectacle is hero presented?
Some days ago, my distinguished friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] in an able effort upon
this floor, for the purpose of showing how much
dissension and difference of opinion there is in
the Democratic party, thought proper to call to
the stand as witnesses certain gentlemen ranged
and fighting under a hostile banner, in order to
show what had been the course of the discussion
by Democrats in the free States upon the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. Shortly afterwards, the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,]
in a spirit of rebuke, expressed his surprise and
astonishment that any man coming from the
southern States shoulu, for the purpose even of
exposing the weakness and division of an ad-
verse party, resort to such testimony. Now, sir,
I do not do that upon this occasion. I go to their
own household, and take as my witness one of
their best, their ablest, and most reliable members.
Now I did not rise for the purpose of making
a speech. I had no idea that this discussion
would have sprung up in this Hall this morning.
I have heard, coming from the Americans, much
said about Americanism, which I cannot but feel
is utterly abhorrent to my sense of right and
justice. But, sir, I could not well keep silence
when I saw the repast which my Democratic
friends seemed to be enjoying, in witnessing what
they considered a family quarrel in the American
party. They may take the testimony of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] as
to their own condition, and I think the laugh will
be upon the other side.
I promised to renew the motion to lay the reso-
lution upon the table, and I now make that motion.
The question was put upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table, and the Clerk de-
clared that it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BROOM. I demand the yeas and nays.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the call is
too late.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say a word or
two in reference to some remarks which fell from
my colleague. [Cries of '4Call the roll!"] I
move that when this House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. READE. I desire a few minutes in order
to set the position of the American party right
before the House, and in reply to some remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I have been struggling
several times to get the floor during the morning,
and I am not inclined to relinquish it now I have
got it. Do I understand that the Clerk recog-
nized me as having the floor?
The CLERK. The Clerk did recognize the
gentleman.
Mr, BROOM. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment? I rise to a question of order. The
result of the vote on the motion to lay upon the
table had not been announced when I demanded
the yeas and nays. I wish to have the decision
of the Clerk upon the question whether my de-
mand was not in time.
The CLERK; The Clerk distinctly recollects
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania called for
the yeas "and nays after the result of the vote had
been announced.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust there will be no
objection to taking the yeas and nays upon the
question, as the gentleman called for them.
Mr. MORGAN. The question has been once
decided, and I object to going back.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania rises to say, that the decision upon the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table had not
been announced when he called for the yeas and
nays. The Clerk thinks the question had been
decided before he heard or recognized the gentle-
man.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I beg leave to suggest
to the Clerk, that after he has decided that a mo-
tion is carried or lost, it is not too late to call for
the yeas and nays. Such was the practice of the
House when I was familiar with it. It is not too
late, because the Constitution authorizes one fifth
of the members to require that a record shall be
made of the vote by yeas and nays; and until
the House passes to some other business, or has
taken some step towards other business, it is not
too late to demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDIE. According to the position of the
gentleman from Georgia, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is too late in his demand, because
amotion has since been submitted.
Mr. MORGAN. After a question has been
once decided, I think we should abide by it; and
I object to bringing up the matter again.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think the difficulty can
be obviated by offering the same resolution again.
Mr. BROOM. I withdraw my demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. I understand the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraws his demand for the yeas
and nays; but nevertheless I cannot acquiesce in
the decision of the Chair. I know that for the
two years I had the.honor of presiding oyer this
House, and for two years previous thereby.the
practice as I have laid it ;down existed, arid-ds-
that practice is confirmed by the Constitution.*;!
cannot yield the point. - -< -
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motioii in
reference to the adjournment, and move to re?-
scind the rule by which debate has been limited
to ten minutes. During the discussion-this morn-
ing between the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broom,] and my immediate colleague, && to
the position which the American party occupies in
the State of Pennsylvania, and during the very
eloquent appeal of my colleague to the American-
ism of gentlemen upon this floor, to unite and
effect the election of a Speaker by the union of
those elements of Americanism, the gentleman
possibly forgot the position of the American party
m the State of Pennsylvania a few short months
ago. I desired, during a former discussion be-
tween the Pennsylvania members upon this floor,
to recite a small portion of the history of the com-
mingling of the "black spirits and white, the
blue spirits and gray," in the State of Pennsyl-
vania. Just previous to the last State election,
there were three distinct nominations made in our
State. The American party, through its councils,
nominated Peter Martin as candidate for Canal
Commissioner——
Mr. CUMBACK, (interrupting.) I desire to
know what the question is before tne House?
Mr. FLORETsCE. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. CUMBACK. I rise to a question of
order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania moves to rescind the ten-minute rule.
Mr. CUMBACK. The gentleman, then, is not
speaking to his motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk does not undertake
to confine gentlemen, in their discussion, to the
motion before the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Whigs nominated
Joseph Henderson, and the Republican party
nominated the martyr, so called, Passmore Wil-
liamson, for Canal Commissioner. Confusion
worse confounded reigned within our borders. A
convention, meeting at night, in the city of Har-
risburg, the capital of our State, engineered by
David Wilmot 
Mr. COVODE. I desire to correct the gentle-
man in his statement.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman can have
an opportunity, after I shall have finished what-1
have to say, to vindicate the truth of history, so
far as the character and purpose of gentlemen par-
ticipating in it arc concerned, and who the individ-
uals were. The facts, however, of the action of
thatcomminghng, I apprehend, will notbe denied
I, indeed, do not care who the individuals were who
initiated that night session, at the sacrifice of the
spirit, of Americanism, as understood by my im-
mediate colleague, [Mr. Broom,] who is a na-
tional or a twelfth-section American. This night
session—and I suppose the gentleman [Mr. Co-
vode] will justify me in the declaration that the.
meeting took place at night—this night session,
held somewhere in Harnsburg, in the
" Wee sma' hours ayont the twai,"
or perhaps it is more truthful to say it pro-
longed its deliberations until between one and
two in the morning—concluded, with the consent
of the chairman of the American organization, to
withdraw the name of Peter Martin. The chair-
man of the Whig Central Committee withdrew
the name of Joseph Henderson; and that portion
of them who sympathized with the so-generally
called martyr, I'assmore Williamson, took down
his name; and they nominated Thomas Nichol-
son as the candidate of the fusion party. They
did it—these patriotic Americans did it—because
Pennsylvania could only thus speak against the
iniquity of the Nebraska swindle, as they were
pleased to denominate it, and by fusion with all
the isms, and by the medium to which I have re-
ferred .
My colleague [Mr. Broom] will therefore ac-
complish nothing by appealing to, or invoking
the spirit of Americanism upon this floor, so far
as many of our colleagues are concerned. They
are wedded to the isros of the day, and I presume
care but little for Americanism, except so far
as it may be made available to the support and
success of Abolitionism, Free'-Soilism, or some
