1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
1 myself very much question the propriety of
attach in" this proviso to an appropriation bill
which forbids the execution of laws, if we are
not willing to declare them null and void, Sir, it
there is any responsibility to be taken upon this
subject, it belongs to us. I hold that the proofs
before us are sufficient to satisfy the civilized
world that that Legislature was a. fraudulent
Legislature, and I am prepared here in my place,
upon my responsibility, to say so. It is, then,
clear beyond a doubt, that we have the power to
restrain the President from using the Federal
tro'ops in the execution of void laws.
Mark you, it is not proposed that there shall
be any interposition to prevent the preservation
of social order. It is not proposed that there
shall be any interposition to prevent the use of
the troops in carrying out the ordinary processes
of law, in executing the requirements of the or-
ganic law of the Territory, or of any other laws
which are valid laws. That is the ground upon
which I place it, and with that understanding 1
am prepared, without hesitation, to attach the
amendment to this appropriation, and to stand by
it to the loss of the bill. .
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Oluo
[Mr. STANTONfsays that he is prepared to go the
length of repealing all the laws of the Territory
of Kansas, because these laws were passed by a
Legislature which he considers fraudulent and
void. Now, sir, if these laVs are repealed, will
"the gentleman be good enough to inform me and
inform the*-House what law will be in force in
Kansas Territory, and what security there will
be for person and property there ?
Mr. BARBOUR. The laws of the United States
1v11. jjaiuivw-iv. j. ~ —  •1,1
for the protection of persons and property will bo
in force there, by the express terms of the Kansas
and Nebraska bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it so, sir ? The Kansas
bill extended the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment over the Territory until such time as
they should elect a Territorial Legislature, and
pass their own laws.
Mr. STANTON. They have never done that
vet.
Mr. LETCHER. A Territorial Legislature
has been elected. The gentleman says it was
elccted by fraud and violence. In reply to the
declaration of the gentleman I appeal to the sworn
action of his Governor, who now comes here and
claims admission as a Delegate upon this floor.
Governor Recder declared that the members of
the Territorial Legislature were elccted legally;
and if he did not believe they were so elected,
why did he give them certificates as members ?
Mr. BARBOUR. Does the gentleman want
an answer?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. BARBOUR. Governor Reeder only rec-
ognized the validity of the Territorial Assembly
of Kansas to a certain extent at any time, and he
afterwards declared it to be null and void, and all
its acts null and void.
Mr. LETCHER. He did not make that dec-
laration because of fraud and violence in the
elections. Rut, sir, he not only gave certificates
to the members as having been duly elected, but
he again recognized them as a legal and valid
Legislature, by sending in his message when they
organized and entered upon the discharge of their
legislative duties; and aar«in he subsequently gave
them Ins official recognition by the exercise of
the veto power. Yet now gentlemen come here,
and tell us that the Legislature was illegal because
elected by fraud and violence.
Now, sir, when gentlemen want to set aside the
laws of the land—when they undertake to charge
the President of the United States with having
exercised power and authority there improperly,
I sav to them, " You have the power here; take
the responsibility; eome up and file articles of im-
peachment against him." A gentleman says they
have not the power. Why, sir, you have elected
your Speaker, you have elected your Clerk, your
Doorkeeper, and you have your Postmaster, and
how is it that you have not the power'
A Mb«h;. They weie elected by plurality.
Mr. LETCHER. Was your Clerk elected by
plurality'
A Member. How about the Scrgeant-at-
Arms ?
Mr. LETCHER. The Sergeant-at-Arms got
in by some of your members voting for him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. They have
o-one over to you altogether since.
a Mr. LETCHER. Well, let me get back to the
point. The gentleman says this election was
fraudulent and void, and he will therefore with-
draw the troops from the Territory. For what?
Suppose you pass this provision, and an insur-
rection is raised there, has the President any
power to suppress such insurrection ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
The amendment only provides that the troops
shall not be used in the execution of these sup-
posed laws.
Mr LETCHER. Well, sir, suppose an insur-
rection is raised in the execution of civil process,
what is to be done ? Does he suppose that this
provision will prevent the President from dis-
charging his duty, and putting it down, with the
power of the army, if necessary 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEWARD. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cullen and
Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. W akeman s
amendment to the amendment; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 56.
So the amendment to the amendment was
BOWIE. I move to amend by providing
that the amendment shall have effect for three
days only. Mr. Chairman, I understand this
House to have declared deliberately, by the
amendment just adopted, that all the laws of
Kansas are null and void; that it has undertaken
in the face of the Constitution to exercise judi-
cial power. The Constitution prescribes three
departments of Government, the executive, the
legislative, and the judicial. I hold that it is not
a legislative function to declare a law null and
voiJ. That is the peculiar province of the judi-
cial department of any and every Government.
The House has declared, by an express vote, that
the territorial laws of Kansas arc null and void,
and that none of the money appropriated by this
bill shall be employed to enforce any of those
laws. I hold that this is a judicial question.
If the laws are null and void, the Federal courts
are competent so to decide. From a decision of
the territorial courts anappeallies to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
But I am willing, for one, that the Abolitionists
of thts House may place themselves in the posi-
tion of usurpers. Sir, they are unequivocally
usurpeis; and I am prepared to meet them here
and everywhere else; and if they choose to strike
down the Federal army in Kansas, I can only say
to them that if 1 were desirous to have slavery
established in Kansas, they are doing the very
thing 1 would want them to do. If anarchy is to
rei"n there; if you are to strike down the army of
the United States there, by withholding supplies,
and the judicial tribunals of the country, by usurp-
ing their judicial functions; if you intend to de-
stroy law and oi der, let me say that that is a game
which two can play. Southern men can fight as
well as men from the North. If I wished slavery
established there I would say to you, Disobey the
laws and Constitution of the country; strike down
all the just powers of Government, and let us
have anarchy sure enough.
But, sir, I am a law-abiding man. I am op-
posed to lawless men and lawless measures. I
would strike down the men, whether from the
North or the South, who would go into Kansas
with rifles in their hands to carry out their own
peculiar notions.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Barbour's
amendment as amended; and tellers having been
ordered, Messrs. Stewart and Cumback were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 57.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. LAIJE. I offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the first section of the bill:
horse, it the time tliey were mustered into service: anil
that all volunteers wiio have rendered service, and been paid
bv the provisions of this act, shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileaea and benefits of " An act in addiuon to certain acts
granting bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged m ttie military service of the United
States," approved March 3, 1855. .
That the Secietary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ised and directed to adjustand settle, on just and equitable
nrinciples, all claims for subsidence, forage, medical stores,
anrl exnenditures, as well as for all necessary and proper
supplies furnished for the prosecution of said war; and that
onsaid adjustment the same shall be pa, doutof any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
uic iivugu.;   ^
Mr. PRINGLE. I object to the introduction
of that amendment. Some portion of it changes
existing laws. .
Mr. NICHOLS. I make the point of order
that you cannot provide for the extension of the
provisions of the bounty land act in an appropri- .
ation bill. „ ,,,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask for the reading of the
81st rule.
It was read, and is as follows.
« No appropriation shall be reported in such general appro-
nriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, for
any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appropriations for such public works and
obiects as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment." *
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. If the committee take a
recess now, they will be confined to five-mmute
That tin! .Secretary of War be. and be is hereby, author-
ized and (hiecii'd to vHttlf and pay all claims for services
rendered bv volunteers 111 the war with the Indians in the
Territories*ot Oreson and Washington, in the years 1855
arid l*n6, called into service by the Governors of said Ter-
ritories, or by them received into service, according to the
muster roll*, and at the late of pay agreed upon for man and
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay aside this
appropriation bill until to-morrow, and to take
up the fortification bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Phelps having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Lei-
tee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 153, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th June,
1857, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, presented a report in writing,
on the Kansas contested election, accompanied
by the following resolutions:
Resolved. That John W. Whitfield is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas. „ , , . , __
Resolved, That Andrew II. Reeder be admitted to a
seat on this floor as a Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. STEPHENS presented a minority report
in the same case.
The majority and minority reports were ordered
to be printed-
Mr. WASHBURN gave notice of his intention
to call the case up for consideration on Wednes-
day next.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. SAVAGE. I request the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw that motion, that I may make
a report from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Purviance
in the chair,) when the Aimy appropriation bill
was laid aside, and the fortification bill taken up
for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (at twenty-five
minutes after three o'clock, p. m.) I move that
the committee do now take a recess till seven
o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
took a recess till seven o'clock, p. m.
evening session.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m., (Mr. Purviasci; in the chair.)
