886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
These are the two provisions of the substitute
of the committee, ana they are of such a nature
that the claim could be paid to-day by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury if there wis an appropri-
ation,
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that this bill does
not properly come from the Committee on Com-
merce, and I am not satisfied, on reading the re-
port, that we ought to grant so large a sum of
money. I move to refer the bill to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. Bills of a precisely similar
character to this, involvingexactly the same prin-
ciple , have been reported for years and years from
the Committee on Commerce. This is only mak-
ing an appropriation to pay a claim which the
parties must prove to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to be good under an existing law. I can see
no reason for recommitting the bill when such is
the fact.
The question being taken on the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Claims, there
was no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
On a division there were—ayes 12, noes 14.
The PRESIDENT. There is no quorum
voting.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It appears to mo that if
these claimants are entitled to the money under
an existing law, there can be no danger in'passing
the bill. Although it takes $14,000 from the
Treasury, if it is absolutely required to carry out
an existing law, as it comes from astanding com-
mittee of this body, I do not see the necessity of
referring it to another standing committee. I fool,
therefore, quite willing to allow the bill to pass at
once. I am sure the Secretary of the Treasury
will not allow the claim unless it is proved to his
satisfaction that the parties are entitled to it under
the existing law.
Mr. TOOMBS. This seems to me to be a very
strange claim. If the statement of the Senator
from Pennsylvania be correct, why did not these
parties go to the Court of Claims and have their
case adjudicated at once, and then let the court
send a bill here asking for an appropriation ? If
there be a law authorizing it, I desire to know the
reason for this bill. It seems to me that when
such a claim is presented after forty or fifty years,
there ought to be some examination of the mat-
ter.
We should know why these people have not
presented their claims before. There seems to bo
no report.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir, there is an elabo-
rate report and I so stated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought the Senator said
that he would mako a statement.
Mr. HAMLIN. I said 1 could make a state-
ment in loss time than would bo occupied by the
reading of the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is best to look into
this matter. If there is an existing law authori-
zing this payment, why do not the parties go to
the Court of Claims who can dccidc the question ?
Mr. BEN.TAMIN. The Committee on Claims
came to the conclusion that this case, was prob-
ably covered by an cxSsting law, but required an
appropriation, and we concluded our report with
the statement that "the committee believe that
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
pay one part of the claim which is made under
the act of March 3, 18J3, without further legisla-
tion; but as there may be no appiopriation from
which to pay the same, the committee report
back the bill in a new draft, which is herewith
submitted."
I do not remember what was the statement
which was given to the committee as an excuse
for the late presentation of this claim; but it was
because the claim was presented so late, that we
determined to refer the examination of the facts
to the Secretary of the Treasury. There are
some twenty-five or thirty acts for indemnifying
individuals under circumstances similar to this!
All those precedents are stated in the report I now
hold in my hand. This service seems to have been
a very meritorious one, and we thought we had
sufficiently guarded the Treasury by requiring
not only that the committee should be satisfied"
as we were in relation to the claim being allowed,
but that there should be a full presentation of the
facts to the satisfaction of the Department. Under
these circumstances I do not think there is any
reason for not passing the bill at once.
Mr. BUTLER. It is very evident that we are
acting here without a quorum. We cannot pass
the bills, and therefore I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope we shall pass the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. How can foa pass it when
there is not a quorum present ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is a quorum in
the Chamber now.
The question being taken on the adjournment
resulted—ayes 12, noes 13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on com-
mitting the bill to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ADAMS. There was no quorum on the
last vote, and I object to proceeding until there is
a quorum.
Mr. PUGII. 1 am willing to withdraw my
motion to recommit the bill, it having been sug-
gested to me that perhaps it would be taken as a
reflection on the members of the Committee on
Commerce. Such was not my intention; but I
certainly do think it was a very inappropriate
reference for this bill, which is to pay a claim as
old as the last war with Great Britain. I surely
need not caution the Senate against the payment
of a claim which has slept so long as this one.
It may be meritorious, but I am not satisfied on
reading the report that it is so. It seems to me,
too, that there has been a piling lip of the items
of this claim one on the other, on every imagin-
able clause of statutes long since repealed or obso-
lete; and I am impressed, therefore, with the
necessity of some caution before we proceed fur-
ther. Without desiring to indicate any disrespect
to the members of the Committee on Commerce;
I hope the Senate will pause, and that the bill
will either be allowed to lie on the table, or to be
passed over
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to go to the Court
Claims.
Mr. PUGH. As my friend from Virginia
suggests, tho case itself should be examined by
the Court of Claims. I defer to those who are
more experienced, as to what motion is proper,
but I must express my dissent from this course.
Mr. HAMLIN. Samuel A. Morse is a gentle-
man whom I know, although ho resides in a re-
mote part of the State of Maine from myself.
He was for many years collector at Eastport, in
the State of Maine, and he is a gentleman of high
character. He writes to me that, although h6
headed this expedition, he did not know until the
last year that there was such a law m existence;
and consequently no application was ever made
by him for the rights which hod accrued to him
under the existing law. The amount for the '
destruction of tho vessel is undoubtedly a claim
which he could prove before the Court of Claims;
but still an appropriation would be necessary.
That part of the bill, however, which proposes to ,
allow him and lus associates §1,400 for having ■
seized fouiteen British seamen and officers, is not
a case which comes within the purview of the
Court of Claims.
Then, inasmuch as part of the case required
active ^legislation, it was deemed advisable by tho
committee to include both claims. The commit- i
tee propose to put them on this footing only, that |
when they prove that they come within tho pro- 1
visions of the existing' law, then, and not till then, !
shall the Secretary of the Treasury pay them !
precisely as he would have paid them originally
if the application had been made to him at first. :
This is all that there is of the case. I recollect ;
that at the la.st Congress a bill precisely like this |
was passed to pay the claim of some gentlemen '
living in tho State of Ohio. I do not recollect the 1
name myself, but perhaps the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] can state it.
Mr. WADE. Laurence.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe that was the case.
Mr. WELLER. There is evidently no quorum
present. I am in favor of the bill, but we cer-
tainly cannot act on it for want of a quorum. I
have counted the Senate, and there are only twenty-
seven Senators here, all told. If we come to a vote
there will be no quorum voting, and we shall be
compelled to adjourn. I therefore move that tho
oenato now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 11, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the bill reported from the Court of
Claims.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report of the chief engineer,
and accompanying papers, containing, with a
single exception, the information required by the
resolution of the House of Representatives, of
the 7th instant, respecting tho plans, cost, and
management of the Washington aqueduct, as far
as the same could be furnished. Concurring in
the report of the chief engineer, that the publi-
cation of detailed estimates respecting the amount
of work, and the probable cost of executing the
same, might lead contractors to depend upon tho
engineer's estimate in making their bids, and
give rise to claims to be released from contracts,
or to receive increased compensation, and in vari-
ous ways involve dispute and embarrassment in
the execution of the work, it had been deemed
advisable to transmit at this time only the more
general information, in which, however, would
be found as much of detail as would be necessary
to the proper understanding of the plans, cost,
and completion of the work, and to await tho
further expression of the will of the House, as
to whether the detailed estimate should bo fur-
nished or not.
Mr. PRINGLE. I would like to have the
privilege of examining those papers before they
arc ordered to be printed, and for that purpose I
move that they be laid on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that the papers had better be ordered to bo
printed; and the Clerk will retain them in his
possession for tho present, at the request of any
member.
Mr. PRINGLE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the papers should
go to the Committee of the Whole on the stato
of the Union, where the subject to which they
relate is under consideration.
The communication, with the aceompanying
papers, was then laid upon the table, and ordered
to bo printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would inquire if this is
not private bill day ?
Tne SPEAKER. Itis. The first business in
order, however, is the consideration of the report
from the Court of Claims.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the permission of the
gentleman who holds the floor upon that bill, I
would suggest that the House now devote one
hour to the calling of the committees for reports,
in relation to bills of a private nature, so that tho
i committees may relieve themselves of such
private bills as they may have in their possession.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Before the
gentleman from Ohio yields tho floor, with his
permission I desire to say, that I hope the House
will concur in the proposition the gentleman has
made, and that the committees will be called for
reports. I have myself two bills which I desire
to report; and as I am compelled to leave the city
to-morrow to be absent for a week or ten days, it
is important that they should be reported to-day.
I ask the consent of the House that they, at leas't,
may be reported.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It would be a great relief
to the committees, if the House would accede
to the proposition I have made.
Mr. PHELPS. I dpsire to say that I am in
favor of the suggestion made by the gentleman
from Ohio, that the committees be called for one
hour for reports of private bills to be placed on
the Calendar, in Committee of the Whole. If
the House agrees to it, however, at the expiration
of the hour, I shall ask the House to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the Senate amend-
ments to the deficiency bill. There is an absolute
necessity for the disposal of that bill this week.
