1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no objection to going
into Committee of tlie Whole after the expiration
of the hour.
Mr. PHELPS. If it be in accordance with the
wishes of the House, I will move now that the
House go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; but I know that the commit-
tees are burdened with reports which it would
be a relief to them to make. If it be in order,
therefore, I will move that the consideration of
the report from the Court of Claims be postponed
for one week.
Mr. WALKER. I believe I am entitled to the
floor 011 the report from the Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WALKER. If there is a desire upon the
part of the House that the committees shall be
callcd for the purpose of reporting private bills,
I will not press my right at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. Wjth the gentleman's permis-
sion, then, I move that the further consideration
of the business before the House be postponed
until one week from to-day.
Mr. WALKER. I am quite willing to acccde
to the motion made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It occurs
to my mind that we had better at once go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and proceed to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
I move, therefore, that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. SAGE. Before the question is put on the
.motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, I desire
to make a privileged motion. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. It is absolutely necessary that the
deficiency bill should be disposed of at the earliest
possible moment. If the House will sit to-mor-
row, I think we can get through with the Senate
amendments to that bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers upon the motion.
Tpllers©wcre ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, and Evans, were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—-ayes 66, noes 36.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Bell. Benson, Boyce,
Brenton, Broom, Burnett, James II. Campbell, John P.
Campbell, Garble, Caskie, Ezra Clark, dawson, Ciagin,
Crawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdcll, Edmumlf-on, Einne,
Evans, Fioience, Gilbeit, Goode, Haven, Herbert.. Tliomab
R. Hoi ton, Hughston, Keitt, Kelly, Kemiett, Knapp,Knight,
Knox, KunkeT, LmdSey, Lumpkin, Matteson, MiMullm,
Moore, Noiton, Paine, Pelton, Perry, Poiter, Powell, Prin-
gle, Quitman, Kitchic, Rullin, Sage, Scott, Scwaid, Sim-
mons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinnei, Stianahan,
Thurston, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wakcman, Walker,
Wamei, CadvvaladerC. Washburne, Ellihu 1!. Washburne,
Israel Washburn. Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwortli,
and John V". Wright—74.
NAYS—M^ssrd. Albright, Ball, Tlcndloy S. Bennett,
Bingham. Disss, Biooks, Buflinton, Chaffee, Williamson II.
W. Cobb^ Colfax,Cox, Cnugo, Damiell, Dean, Dodd, Edie,
Glazier, Giddrnffs, Giangei, Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas
L. Hams, Ilolloway, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelscy, Knowlton, Humphioy MaiMiall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, McCarty, Meaeham, Smith Millei, Moigan, Mott,
Muiray, Nichols*, Andrew Olivei, On. Paikei, Pock, Pcttit,
Phplp^ Puryear, Ready, Habm, Sapp, Stanton, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Trafton,Tnppe, Wade, Waidron, Watson,
Williams, and Zollicoffer—51.
So the motion was agreed to-
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act to au-
thorize the issue of a register to the brig Echo,
of Boston; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. What is the
next question?
The SPEAKER. Previous to the motion to
adjourn over, the gentleman from Kentucky sub-
mitted a motion that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole oxi the state of the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope my colleague
will withdraw his motion until I can present
some resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky.
Mr. JONES. T wish to report some bills from
the Committee of Claims, and I hope the gentle-
man will yield for that purpose.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If I give way to one
1 must to another, and 1 decline to give way to
anybody.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope that the House will
agree that this morning an hour shall be set apart
for the reception of reports from the stanaing
committees.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I decline to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. This being private bill
day, docs not a motion to go into Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar take
precedence of a motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER,. The Chair understands that
the only private bills before the House arc those
reported from the Court of Claims. They are
not yet referred to the committee, and if the House
resolves itself into a Committee of the Whole
House, theie will be no private calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. There are, I
think, cases on the Private Calendar aside from
those reported from the Court of Claims. So the
point ofthegentleman from Virginia is well taken.
The SPEAKER. There is but one question
before the House, and that is the motion that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to know whether
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House will take precedence of the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion will take
precedence.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I submit that mo-
tion, and call tor tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Walker were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 48.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays;
and I desire to state to the House that there is
already a deficiency in the appropriation for the
maintenance of the Post Office Department, and
unless the deficiency bill is speedily passed there
.will be no money to pay for the carriage of the
mails of the country.
[Cries of "Order."]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. T hope that the motion to
go into committee may be withdrawn, so that
the standing committees of the House may be
relieved from the reports which are in their hands.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Does the gen-
tleman from South Carolina object to the setting
apart this morning, of a half hour for the recep-
tion of reports from the standing committees ?
Mr. KEITT. I do not object to that.
Mr. PHELPS. It cannot be done, as the ques-
tion now is on going into Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent. Is there any objection to a half
hour being set apart for the reception of reports
from the standing committees.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object; and I will
state why I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Before I enter my objec-
tion, I will state why I shall object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask conscnt to state my
reasons.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. McMttllijj's
motion, and it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 81, nays 60; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Bell, Henry Bennett, Bingham,
Bucoek, Boyce, Biooin, Buflinton, Burimgame, Caruther*',
Ca^kip, Ezra Clark, dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Col-
fax, Covode, Cragin, Ciawford, Cmnbaek, Dumiell, Henry
Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dodd, Edie, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Emue, Flagler, Giddmgs, Gilbert, llaven,
Herbert, Thomas R. Iloiton, Hugliston, J. Glaney Jones,
Kelsey, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lumpkin, Matteson,
McCarty, McMullin, Meaeham, Mill ward, Morgan, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Porter, Prmgle, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Robbing, Ruffin,
Sabin, Sapp, Simmons, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Tappan, Thurston^ Trafton, Tnppe, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Wat-
son, Wood, Woodruff, and John V. Wright—81.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett,
James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee,
Cox, Craige, Davidson, Day, Dowdell, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris,
Hoffman, Ilolloway,George W. Jones, K&itt, Kelly, Knapp,
Ktmkel, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Smith
Miller, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps,
Ready, Sage, Scott, Seward, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewart, Stianahan, Swope, Talbott,Underwood, Waidron,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, and
Woodworth—60.
So the motion was agrfced to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
JOHN S. PENDLETON. ,
The CHAIRMAN stated that "the business
first in order before the committee was a bill for
the relief of John S. Pendleton.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As the gentleman who has
charge of that bill is absent, I move that it be
postponed for the present, and that the committee
proceed to take up the next bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object to postpone-
ment. It is a -very plain case, and it can readily
be disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then bo
taken upon the motion.
Mr. ORR. Before the question is put, I desire
to inquire if there is a written report accompany-
ing the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed that
there is.
Mr. OPvR. Then the ease can be as well con-
sidered now as at any other time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire if this is not objection day?
The CHAIRMAN. The first and fourth Fri-
days of the month are objection days. This
being the second Friday, it is not objection day.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers upon the motion
to postpone.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Benson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported ayes 71, noes 38—no quorum voting.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know it is irreg-
ular, but I should be glad to have the ear of the
committee for a moment.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did a quorum
vote ?
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voted.
Mr. JONES. Then the rules require that the
roll shall be called.
Several Members. Let there be a rccount.
The CHAIRMAN. There is evidently a quo-
rum present.
Mr. JONES. But the rule is imperative.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
the rule is imperative, and yet if the House
chooses and no objection is made, there may be
a recount.
Mr. JONES. Well, I demand .that the roll
shall be callcd.
The roll was then called, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole House finding
itself without a quorum, had ordered the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the names
of the absentees to the House.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Baibour, Barksdale, Bayly, Henry
Bennett. Bilhnghmst, Bowie, Brad&haw, Branch, Cadwal-
adci, Lewis D. Campbell, Caihle. Childs.Clingman, How-
ell Cobb. Comini. Cullon, Timothy Davis, Day, DeWitt,
Dixon, Dunn, Dm foe. Edwards, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Evans^ Foster, Henry M. Fuller,Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gal-
loway, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Moruson
Hams, Sampson W, Ham", Harnson, Hickman, Hollo-
wavj Valentine B. Horton, Houston. Howard, Jewett, Kid-
well, King, Lake, Lciter, Letcher, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, John G. Miller, Killian
Millci, MtlUon, Moore, Morrill, Noiton, Mordecai Oliver,
Packer, Pearce, Pennington, Purviance, Ricaud, Richard-
son, Ritchie, Rivers, Roberts, Robi-son, Rust, Sandtdge.
Savage, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William R
Smith, Stephens, Taylor. Thonugton, Todd, Vail, Wal,
bridge, Israel Washburn Watkins, Wclch, Wells, Wheeler,
Wright, and Zollicoffer.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
