THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D.
c.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session. MONDAY, JULY 28, 1856.
New Series...
.No.
111..
by the said Anson Dart as superintendent of
Indian aifairs for Oregon Territory.
Mr. PRING-LE. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. LANE. I hope the gentleman will not
press that demand upon the House at this tin#.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the demand for the previous
question. It will he recollected that this bill was
reported from the Committee of the Whole House
on an objection day, when there were hut \ery
few members present, and that it has not been
discussed at all.
Mr. PRING-LE. Debate is not in order. I
insist on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will vote
down the demand.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to second the demand for the previous ques-
tion—ayes 52, noes 70.
Mr. PRING-LE called for tellers.
Telleis weie not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very much gratified
that the House has refused to second the demand
for the previous question, moved by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Pringlk.} I think,
if I am not altogether mistaken in the facts of this
tjase, that I can satisfy the members of the House
that this bill ought never to have come from the
committee with the recommendation that, it pass;
and that the House ought now to reject it.
This gentleman, Mr. Dart, it seems, was sent
out as Indian agent to Oregon, in 1850. He was
appointed in June, 1850. His official bond was
executed on the 1st day of July, 3850. ne left
the city of New York, on his way to Oregon, on
the 15th of August following. He arrived in
Oregon on the 28th of September, in the same
year. His pay commenced on the 1st of July,
J.85U, the date of his official bond. He resigned
on the 14th day of December, 1852, his resigna-
tion to take effect on the 1st day of July, 1853;
end he left Oregon some time, 1 believe, before
the time for his resignation to take effect. Now,
sir, he received his pay from the 1st day of July,
1850, to the 20th day of April, 1853. On the 13th
day of June, 1855, he addressed a letter to the
Indian bureau, asking that his salary should be
allowed to the 4th of May, 1853, instead of the
20th of April, as had been before settled.
When he left here and went to Oregon, his ex-
penses were paid by the Government, and they
wen: paid on his return here, and while he re-
mained in this city, and his expenses were paid
back to his post. In 1851, he visited Washing-
ton, arriving here on the 25th day of December
of that year, and took his final departure from
Washington, for Oregon, on the 28th of May,
1852. During his stay here his expenses were
paid, as I can show by a letter from the proper
officer.
Mr. Clayton, Second Auditor of the Treasury
Department, in a letter dated May 6, 185G, says:
in looking over the account of the liev. A. Dart, laic
superintendent of Indi:m affairs m Oiegon,J find heie-
ceived the following amounts in addition to his regular
salary:
1850. To expenses of self, fiorn New York to Oiegon Ter-
ritory      $632 00
1852. From Oregon City to Washington city and
returning, by direction of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs — fourteen thou-aud
miles, at ten cents  1,100 00
1852. To expenses while in Washington, mclud-
nigboaid, &c     «'1"4 50
What does the bill now under consideration
propose? It proposes that, instead of allowing
Mr. Dart to receive the salary of $-2,500 per year,
which the law provides, and which he knew to
be the salary at the time he took this office, that
he shall be allowed increased pay, running to
the amount which was fixed by law at a subse-
quent period by Congress, for the Indian agency
of that Territory. He knew when ho took this
office what the annual salary was. The com-
mittee, in their report, rely on a conversation
ill
which passed between Mr. Dart and Mr. Atch-
ison, of the Senate, to justify them in reporting
this bill. They have no other ground on which
to justify it. The committee, in their report,
say:
'♦In ordinary cases,youroommittee would deem it impol-
itic to meiease the salaries of officer* subsequent to the
expiration of their terms; but your committee would respect-
fully suggest, that the case of Mr. Dart should be an excep-
aontothe general rule, on the giound that strong assur-
ances of an increase of salary weie held out h/persons in
high position, which, induced him to accept the office which he
would otherwise have rejected; and, further, that, at the tune
the office was accepted, the salary was quite inadequate to
cover Ins expenses, and at the same lime Yield to him a
reasonable and just compensation for scrvu es; and, la>tlv,
tiiat, as an able and faithful public officei, one who looked
to the interest of his Government rather than to hisprivatein-
terest, and at the same time dealt so honestly and uprightly
with the Indians under Ins care as to acquire and retain
their confidence to <mh an extent a*, to keep them quiet
and contented during the whole time he was amongst
them, he is entitled to the consideration of Congteat m a
degree sufficient to insure to him a fair and equitable compen-
sation^fo'i /us services.^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Who made that
report ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Privgle,] who called for the pre-
vious question on the bill, and insisted on it so
strenuously.
Mr. Speaker, I say it is not only " impolitic "
"in ordinary cases," but in all cases. I am
against the principle. If a man, so soon as he
applies for an office and irets the appointment,
goes to some member of the House, or of the
Senate, and is assured that efforts will be made
to increase his pay, according to the argument of
this report he is entitled to increased compen-
sation. His case is fully made out, and he is
entitled to an increase of his salary. I hoJd to
no such doctrine, lie must take his chance for
increase of salary, if he seeks that increase before
Congress. No assurance on the part of a Sen-
ator or member gives lum a rhrht to claim an
increase. When he takes the office, he takes it
with the salary fixed by law. If the salary is
not high enough m his opinion, he can refuse to
accept the situation.
Suppose the principle on which the committee
relies is to be earned out, where is to be the end
of the mischief? Why not go back and give to
every Indian agent who has held position in
Oregon prior to Mr. Dart, the same increased
compensation that is proposed to be given under
this bill? Is there not as good reason in the one
case as in the other? Have they not, injustice,
as strong a claim to demand the increased com-
pensation as Mr. Dart has? When this principle
is recognized, and salaries are to be increased
in this way, the law m reference to salaries will
ccasc to be respected. I am opposed to this sort
of retrospective legislation.
In addition to all the salary paid Dr. Dart, the
Government paid his expenses to Oregon and
back, and while he was in this city, which was
j altogether unusual -m all Administrations of the
, Government, prior to its introduction under Gen-
I eral Taylor. Then it was done for the first time."
j Mr. Dart received the benefit of it. He obtained
| salary, expenses, and all. I have stated all the
j important facts of the case, and I will not detain
the House longer.
Mr. PRINGLE obtained the floor; but yield-
ed to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the gentleman for information.
Mr. Dart was superintendent of Indian affairs
in Oregon before the organization of the terri-
torial government of Washington. The Gov-
ernor of Washington Territory is ex officio super-
intendent of Indian ufiaiis of that Territory. If
I understand Mr. Dart's case, he claims that as
he was superintendent of the Indian affairs for
all the territory now embraced in Oregon and
Washington, and did service as such, he should
receive both the pay of the superintendent of
! Indian affairs for Oregon, and the pay of the
j Governor of Washington, as ex officio superin-
1 tendent of Indian affairs for that Territory.
Several Members. That is not his claim.
Mr. JONES. I understand that that is one of
the arguments in favor pf his claim. He placed
it on that ground when I conversed with him on
the subject.
Mr PRING-LE. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Dart's
claim for extra compensation is briefly stated in
the report of the committee. In ordinary cases,
the committee say that it would be impolitic to
increase the salaries of officers after their term of
service had expired; but this is not a case under
the general rule. Mr. Dart was solicited to take
this office. He had an offer of a foreign mission,
and would have preferred that office; but induce-
ments being held out to him that his salary
would be increased, he went to Oregon as super-
intendent of Indian affairs. When the salary of
the superintendent of Indian affairs for Califor-
nia was increased, it was only by inadvertence
that it was omitted to increase the salary of Mr.
Dart. From the assurances that Democratic
Senators had given him, he was satisfied that he
would have an increase of salary. He would
not have accepted the office if he had thought
otherwise. It was deemed important by distin-
guished men in "the other branch of Congress
that he should be sent to Oregon; and I beg leave
to quote what was said by some Senators, when .
the subject was up in the Senate.
Mr. Dod&e, Senator from Wisconsin, said:*
kv The object of this bill is to make compensation to Mr.
Dart for his  ei vices as superintendent of Indian affairs in
Oregon. It was leported from the Committee on Indian
AfFans by the chairman, [Mr. Sebastian;] but as he is too
much indisposed to address the Senate on the subject, and
inasmuch as I introduced the bill, I feel it to be my duty to
say a few woids.
4< When this gentleman went to Oregon his salary was
$2,500. ft was understood then, however, that it was to
be increased. Theru was an understanding between the
chaum.m of the Committee on Indian A {fans at that time,
[.Mr. Atchison,] and Mr. Hurt, that the salary should be in-
creased if possible. By some omission, however, it was
not done. Mi. Dart was a faithful officer, and perfect
quiet reigned among the Indians during the time when he
was superintendent It seems to me. to be nothing more
than an act of justice to allow him the same compensation
which was given to the superintendent in California; but
I .shall acquiesce m the proposition of the committee to allow
a less amount. I trust no objection will be made to the
bill It ha? been reported unanimously from the Committee
on Indian Allans." *
Senator Rusk said:
" The Committee on Indian Affairs were unanimous
upon this subject. I know that it is a bad practice to give
mcieased compensation to an officer after hisservices have
been performed ; but it has been done in several instances,
and tn some cases which perhaps were not meritorious.
Tlioie is no doubt that this is a meritorious case. It was
distinctly stated to Mr. Dart, at the time of his appoint-
ment, by the then chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, that a bill which was then pending lor an increase
of the salary of the California superintendent should be
made to include the superintendent m Oregon. That pio-
vicion, according to my leeollecnon, had the sanction of
the Indian buteau; but by some oversight it was not in-
cluded m the bill. Mr. Dart went to Oregon and performed
his duties in a very satisfactory manner. He preserved
peace among the Indians in Oregon, and brought back as
good a icport as perhaps any other superintendent. This
bill, as it now stands, does not allow this gentlemen the
same compensation which ha=s been accorded to the Cali-
fornia teupcnntendent, but simply adds $1,000 a year to his
.salary. I think nought to be passed at once."
Senator Hunter said:
" Tins may be a case for an exception to the general rule;
but it bcems to me to be a very dangerous precedent to
establish the principle, that whenever we increase the pay
of an officer for the future, we rnu^t go back and compen-
sate him at the same late for past services. This man ac-
cepted the office knowing what the pay was. He was will-
ing to take it with trie existing pay, or he would not have
accepted it. Nor do i thuik that we have assimilated the
pay of officers in Oregon with that of officers in California.
It has been heretofoie considered more expensive to live
m California than anywhere else, and therefore we. have
compensated public officers there by a higher rate than in
other places, i do not dispute the merits of this Indian
agent, but I think the principle of the bill is a very bad one,
and f am afiaid that wc shall not end until we establish it
as a general rule, that when we increase an officer's salary
we must allow him back pay."'
Senator Dopgs further said:
" In teply to the honorable Senator tVom Virginia, I beg
leave to s-av, that Mr. Dait wa? the fn.-t  upenntendeut of
ii.dun afFaii**$enr to Oiegon, ;uh! he h:ui. therefore, very
great difiicuiues to encourHor m the pci lormanoe of Ins
duties. Tnat he was laithml, is proved by the sanction of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of his conduct in the
