1762
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
discharge of his duties. Mr. Dart was appointed by the last
Administration. He and I do not agree m politics; but that
difference does not prevent me bearing testimony to his
faithfulness and efficiency in the discharge of his public
duties. As T have stated, he was the first Indian {superin-
tendent hi Oregon ; and for that reason he had to perform
all the labor incident to the organization of the Indian sys-
tem there. He \va& a poor man, and during his two or
three years' service in Oregon he received uo more than
was barely sufficient to cover his expenses, I am sure this
honorable body will not refuse to this meritorious man
some compensation which a proper appreciation of his ser-
vices necessarily requires. He stood high with the admin-
isuation of President Fillmore. I have known him for
eighteen years as a resident of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, and 1 have always considered
him to be an honest, faithful, and upright man, competent
for the performance of any duty which he ever undertook."
Senator Bell, of Tennessee, said:
" I wish to call the attention of the Senate to one other fact,
in confirmation of what has been said by the Senator fiom
Wisconsin and the Senator from Texas. The committee
took into consideration the principle stated by the Senator
from Virginia, that incieased compensation should no! be
allowed for Services previously pci tormcd; but thoy thought
this case was fan ly exempt from the operation of that princi-
ple. We all admit that it is bad policy to make extra compen-
ation to officers after their duties have been dischaiged and
they are out of office. In this ca«e, however, it seemed
to the committee that there was very strong evidence-
evidence which it was scarcely possible to les-ist—that this
gentleman accepted the office with the expectation, and
with a positive promise, that Ins compensation should he in-
creased at that session of Congress; and thai it was not
increased in consequence of an accident.
" I understand farther, as stated by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin,that during the three years while this gen-
tleman was at the head of the Oregon supermtcndency, he
preserved peace m a large extent ofoountiy nowcornpn^in"
the Territories of Oregon and Washington. I Uo not believe
there was a single Indian disturbance in that region wlnle he
was in office. M.v opinion has always been that it depended
to a great extent on the officers nfth* Government whether
or not, we had Indian wars, particularly in a country where
the Indians are so ismaJl and aie so much hioken up as they
are in tins legion, f may, howevei, be mistaken in that.
I do not wish to cast censure on any one ; but F think this
gentleman is entitled to some distinction lor his services.
In addition to the increased compensation whuh it is pro-
posed to allow him, I should be willm#. if it were po->il le
to confer ou him some testimonial. When oihei officers'
who come here a>kmg for increased compensation, shall be
able to show that they performed :is arduous duties a* this
gentleman did, when he encounteied all the difficulties
and privations of 9 new country, at gieat persona] expense,
I should l>e willing to provide for their case as comm 
within the same category." 0
Under this aspect of affairs, the committee
thought it best to report this bill; and, believing
it to be right, I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. LETTER. How Ion# diet this man re-
main in oiTu'f after learning that the salary was
not increased'
Mr. LETCH Kit. Three years, and then vol-
untarily resigned.
Mr. LKITKJl. is this a unanimous report
of the committee ?
Mr. i'RlNGLE. If is a majority report; two
members of the committee weiV opposed to it.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New-York whether ail of the treaties
which were made by Mr. Dart with the Indian
tribes of Oregon and. Washington, were not re-
jected by the Seriate?
Mr. PRINGLK. Not 10 my knowledge.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 believe they were
Mr. TAYLOR. The proposition now before
the House is the most extraordinary 111 principle
of any that 1 have ever known presented to the
consideration 0f a legislative body. It is no less 1
than this; that there is a species of obligation |
imposed upon the Congress of the United States
to carry out what is called an implied agreement
made on the part of the Government, by two, or
three, or four members of Congress, with the per-
son who accepts the office, at the time he accepts
At the time this gentleman was appointed to
office, there was a law in existence creating it,
and fixing the salary, ft is said that that gen-
tleman was offered a foreign appointment,"but i
that he preferred to accept this office, because he j
was assured that the salary ot the office would
be augmented. Well, sir, when he entered into
the office, the Administration which appointed j
him was in power. The gentlemen, then form-
ing aportion of theCongress of the United States,
who extended to him this assurance, were then
members of Congress, occupying seats upon the
floor of the Senate, and of the House. Two
years passed by; and the gentlemen, who, it is
sa.tl, made tins assurance, and who had it in
tneir power to give the reasons which induced
them to make it who had it in their power to
satis.y the two Houses to which they belonged,
of the equity of the proposition, failed to bring
forward this measure, or if they brought it for-
ward, they failed to satisfy gentlemen then occu-
pying seats in the two Houses of Congress, that
it was proper and right. Now, after years have
passed by, we are called upon to pass this act,
and to give to that gentleman this extra compen-
sation ; and we are urged to do it upon the ground
that that gentleman has a legitimate right to
claim it at our hands, because two or three mem-
bers of Congress, who held no power of attorney
from the Government of the United States to
bind it, saw fit to say to him, that if he would
accept the office the compensation of the office
should be increased. Now, if the principle in-
volved in this proposition is adopted—if it be
recognized by the two Houses of Congress, there
is an end put to the regular administration of the
affairs of the natioji; there is an end to any
regular expenditure of the Government; and
there is no longer a limitation to the claims of an
officer to that compensation which the law gave
him when he accepted the trust. For one, I
protest against the principle, and against any
precedent being sot of that character. I now
move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to say one single
word further, and [ ask the gentleman to with-
draw hts motion for a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER, ft has been said in and out
of this House, though not in debate, that this
gentleman had been removed from office, and
that one of the reasons why he should have this
increased compensation was that when he ac-
cepted the office he expected to stay four years.
Now, I want to show by the documents that he
resigned voluntarily, in the first place. Dart re-
signed his office by letter, dated December 14,
1S52, to take effert in June following. On the
.'iOth of June, 1855, Dart addressed a letter to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in which he
says: " I am aware of none but political consid-
erations which caused me to be superseded."
Mr. TAYLOR. I now renew the motion to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. LANE. I want to say a word or two. I
do not want to detain the House five minutes,
and 1 ask the gentleman from Louisiana to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw it.
Mr. LANE. I wish to appeal to this House
up*m tins occasion to rote down this bill, for it
is, to my knowledge,unjust, and it will be setting
a dangerous precedent, and therefore, ought not
to be passed, if you now increase this'man's
compensation at this time, after he had remained
in this city for a long time after he was appoint-
ed, after spending in this city one fourth of the
time that he held the office of superintendent of
Indian affairs m Oregon, after he went out there
and had his passage paid in going to and from
this city and Oiegon, after having his traveling
expenses paid while in Oiegon, after having a
fine house furnished him by the Government,
and everything else which he desired for his
comfort—-if, 1 say, you now mcreasc his pay,
you open a door which will justify those who
served before him, and who have served since
him, to ask that the same compensation shall be
paid to them. Are you ready to do it? My
friend from New York, [ Mr. Pringlk,] for whom
f entertain the kmdestfeehngs, has stated to you,
that during Dr. Dart's administration of Indian
affairs m Oregon, they hod perfect peace. Now
the gentleman believes that. He has been told
so, but he has been deceived in it. If Dr. Dart
told him so he has deceived him.
Mr. PRINGLE. I got that from Senators
Rusk and Dodge.
Mr. LANE. Let me assure the gentleman that
a bloody war sprung up under the administra-
tion of his supenntendency. I had the honor of
serving as a private under'Major Kearny, at the
time that Captain Stewart, of the Army—one of
the most gallant young officers in the Army fell
in the Rogue river war, in June, 1851. That war
was not closed by Dr. Dart. The doctor did not
go to the scene of troubles. Governor Gaines,
who was then the.Governor of Oregon Territory, I
went out to the scene of war, and 1 delivered to I
him the prisoners—between thirty and forty—that I
we had_ taken during the brief but bloody war; j
and, without authority of lay/—without havin°* '
a right to treat with the Indians, he assumed the
duty, and placed our relations with the Indians on
a friendly footing. The doctor did not go near
the ground.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my friend allow me
to correct an impression which might have been
made by the gentleman from New York? I un-
derstood the gentleman from New York to con-
vey the idea to the House, that this gentleman
accepted'the office with the undemanding that he
was to receive the same compensation which was
paid to the Indian agent in California. Now, I
be^o state that this Government—and I call you,
as well as members who have been here for some
years, to -witness the truth of the fact—that the
Government has actually paid to the Governors
of Oregon and California higher compensation
than to the Governors of any other Territory
in the Union, because of the increased cost of
living there. My friend from' New York, there-
fore, is in error. He has been misinformed. There
was no such understanding, betSmse the Govern-
ors there were actually paid higher than they
were anywhere else.
Mr. PRINGLE. The information came from
the gentleman's own political friends.
Mr. LANE. As I said before, if you open
the door now you invite all those gentlemen who
have served there as superintendents to make
sipiilar claims. No; not all. I served there as
superintendent before Dr. Dart went out, and I
will not come to the House and ask for an increase
of pay, although when I went there the country
now embraced within the Territories of Oiegon
and Washington was all included within Wash-
ington Territory. I discharged the duties of
Governor and Superintendent at a salary of
$3,000. Instead, too, of having had my passage
back or forward paid by the Government, 1 trav-
eled across the country at my own expense;
and hajing had to purchase and repurchase
horses, after being out all winter, 1 remember
that I had to borrow one hundred dollars to pay
my passage from San Francisco; and not one
single cent of my expenses was paid bv the Gov-
ernment. X invite the House to look at my
accounts, and they will find that I made no charge
for traveling expenses. I never received anything
for traveling expenses, nor do I want anything.
My salary for the double duty as Governor of
the then Territory of Oregon, embracing what is
now Oregon and Washington, and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, was but $3,000. There
was no superintendency building, comfortably
furnished, for the superintendent of Indian affairs.
This man went out there at a salary of ^2,5(10.
His passage was paid to the Pacific and back to
Washington city, and his expenses were paid
while here. He then resigned, and now conies
up and says there was no cause for his removal
but a political cause, holding that lie was re-
moved when in fact he resigned, and Ins resigna-
tion was received here two months before a suc-
cessor was appointed; he deceives his friends.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now long was he there en-
tirely ?
Mr. LANE. He was there nearly three vears.
Let me assure the House that he was never re-
moved. I had been "notified of his resignation
for more than a month before I asked to have a
successor to him appointed. [To a member.] He
made more money in Oregon, I believe, than he
ever made anywhere else. But I do not want to
say anything of that. I entertain no feeling but
that of kindness towards Dr. Dart. But thj's bill
is founded on injustice. The House ought not to
pass it, and I am satisfied the House will not pass
it. I now renew the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BILLINGH URST. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion, to enable me to say a
word or two on tins btJi, as u involves the in-
terests of a constituent of mine.
Mr, LANE, Well, Mr. Speaker, I have no
objection to do .so, if the House be willing to
consume time in this way: but this bill ought
not to pass, and, I hope, will not pass.
Mr. P>1 f,f,!j\TG?IURST. Mr. Speaker, from
the examination that I have been enabled to give
this case, I believe that it is a meritorious one,
and that the bill ought to pass. It ought to pass
on broad principles of equity. It would esuolish
no precedent that will be dangerous m this Gov-
ernment. When Dr. Dart was appointed to ilua
office he had already been selected bv the feecre-
