162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
certainty,that, during the heats of the next sum-
mer, when members are exhausted and worn out,
a day or two before the close of the session some
of the most important appropriation bills will*
be presented here, when we have not the oppor-
tunity when in fact we have not the physical
ability to examine them. At that period of the
session, we are usually exhausted by the heat; we
are worn out by the length of the session; and
appropriations pass, taking hundreds upon hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars out of the Treas-
ury, without the knowledge of one half the mem-
bers of the Senate. This is not an evil of recent
growth. It has been an evil ever since I have
known the Senate. It was almostas bad twenty-
seven years ago as it is now, and nom§asures have
ever been taken to arrest this state of things.
Now, sir, I rise only for the purpose of making
one or two remarks, to point out the remedy to
which" the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has referred; for that is the important point
to consider. What is to be done ? Everybody
admits the existence of this monstrous evil* What
is to be done to remedy it? He has made several
propositions. I have heard other suggestions.
It has been proposed that we pass a rule, and de-
clare that we will not receive from the House of
Representatives and act upon an appropriation
bill if it comes here so as to deny us sixty days
for the consideration of the bill. That would
be very well, perhaps, if we would stand by and
•enforce our own rule, and the other House could
$ also understand that we intended to enforce it;
but they understand us as well as vvc do our-
selves. They know very well that, whatever
rule we pass, the exigencies of the occasion will
require of us to repeal our rule, in order that some
most important appropriations may be passed;
so that I should look upon a rule of that sort as
a perfect brutiunfidinen, coming to nothing in the
end.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
has suggested another remedy. He undoubtedly
is right in the view which he takes of the Con-
stitution of the United States. There is nothing
in the Constitution to prevent us from originating
■money bills here. It is not here as it is in Eng-
land, where that right resides solely with the
British House of Commons. We are prevented
from introducing revenue bills, but bills for an
appropriatiJfcwe have as much right to introduce
as the other House has. Now, if it could be
arranged between the Committee on Finance of
this body, and the Committee of "Ways and
Means of the House of Repiesentativcs, that cer-
tain bills of a vastly important charactcr should
originate there, for instance, the general civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, while the Senate's
committee were originating and considering the
Army and Navy appropriation bills, (thus di-
viding the labor, and enabling our committee to
devote itself to one great subject, while the gen-
tlemen of the committee in the other House
-were devoting themselves to another,) I think a
great improvement nu^'ht come out of that. In
that way we might send them, three or four
months before the end of the session, the Army
and Navy appropriation bills, and they might
send the general civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill here at the same time.
Sir, I repeat again, the evil is becoming a cry-
ing one. Every experienced member of Con-
gress knows that, in consequence of the existing
mode of legislation, the Senate is virtually de-
prived of power to consider and examine, as
becomes it, and as it is its duty to do, some of the
most important measures of legislation proposed
for the country.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, Mr.
President, this is simply a resolution of inquiry.
It directs the Committee on Finance to inquire
into the expediency of originating the appropria-
tion bills m this body, in that point of view, it
seems tome that it is a proper resolution. It 3S
a proper subject for the Senate to inquire into,
whether they will depart from the practice which
existed since the oiigir. of the Government,
in regard to the appropriation bills. As to the
question of power, I think there can be 110 sort
of doubt. We exercise the power in almost every
little pension case, and in thousands of bills in
which we appropriate money. The restriction of
the Constitution has been decided in this body to
apply only to those bills which provide for ra'sinj
revenue—taxingbills. I believe it has never been
disputed here that we have the power to originate
appropriation bills. It is a mere question ot ex-
pediency and courtesy. It seems to me, that the
mode which the Senator from Pennsylvania has
suggested is probably the right one—that the
Committee on Finance should inquire into the
expediency .of originating those bills m this body.
In regard to the history of legislation for many
years past upon this important subjcct, I have
nothing to say. That history speaks for itself,
and needs no comment. I believe that it is proper
that this subject should be inquired into by the
committee, who, doubtless, will soon make some
report upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President,the inquiry sug-
gested by this resolution will, I venture to predict,
result in nothing. There is no question about
the power of the Senate; there is no question
about the enormous evils suggested by the hon- i
: orable Senator from Delaware; but this is -not!
the remedy. Neither House, usually, has any i
difficulty in regard to the ordinary appropriations.
They are generally such as are estimated for by
the Departments. Their estimates are sometimes
curtailed, and sometimes enlarged; but in regard
to them there is usually very little difficulty. The
evil of bringing in the appropriation bills at the
close of the session grows entirely out of the
amendments added to them. Every bad thing,
every job, every proposition that cannot stand
discussion, is put into an appropriation bill, m
one House or the other, by way of amendment.
One of the greatest evils 111 our Government at
the present time arises from the Action of the-.
Executive'Departments upon such propositions.
They send us, at the commencement of a session,
estimates of appropriations required for the year;
but Senators and Members of the House of rep-
resentatives who want particular appropriations
for particular objects—the outside jobbers, die
outside influence that want things don^—go fre-
quently to the Departments—to the Treasury,
or War, or Navy, or some other Department—
and get a recommend?)ion from a Secretary.
During my short service in this body, 1 hove seen
Senators come here, within two hours of the final
passage of an appropriation bill, with a pocket
full of recommendations for appropriations from
the Departments. The result is, that millions of
money are voted that ought not to be voted, and
would not be voted if the Senate and House of
Representatives hud ail opportunity for examina-
tion and consideration. To the great scandal of
the two Houses, improper appropriations arc, in
this way, inserted in the appropriation bills.
Now, what is the remedy for tins state of
things? The Senator from Delaware seems to
think that no rule which we can make will be ef-
fectual as a remedy. I tell him that if the evil
cannot be cured by'arule, it cannot bo done by the
course now suggested. If an appropriation bill
were to be introduced into this body to-morrow,
and we should pass it in a month and send it to the
House, of Representatives, it would lie there until
withm a few days of the close of the session.
Gentlemen may recollect that, during the last Con-
gress, the House did send us some oi the appropri-
ation bills months before the close of the session.
They came to this "branch of the Legislature.
We took up the subject m due time,—our com-
mittee did its duty in good time,—and sent them
back wuh very many amendments. One of those
bills was returned to us in the last houis of the
session with along string of amendments—fifty
or sixty I think—in regard to which the two
. Houses disagreed. The statement of the fact
: which I have just mentioned shows where the
| mischief is. It does not depend on the time when
I the appropriation bills are introduced and passed
; by one House or the ether. When an appropri-
; at:on bill is sent here by the House of R *prcsent-
! atives you put on amendments. They arc sent
! to the faouse, and they put on additional amend-
| ments. (t has been part of the policy of those
I who endeavor to obtain bad appropriations—ap-
i proprhitions thnt ought not to pass—appropria-
! tions that would not pass if they were fairly
| investigated by either House—to hold back the
! appropriation bills until investigation becomes
j impossible, and then to offer their propositions as
| amendments.
j An experience of eight or ten years as a mem-
' b< r of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
other House, and my observation here, have
taught me that the true remedy, on the part of the
Senate at least, is to adopt a rule that the Senate
will not consider any amendment which is not
introduced a certain number of days before the
end of the session, say twenty or thirty days, so
as to allow nothing to be added to an appro-
priation bill which has not been investigated.
Then, if we adhere to the rules, wc shall not suf-
fer our bills to be crowded with amendments
which ought not to be there. Since I have been
a member of Congress I have known cases to be
provided for in appropriation bills, when separate
bills for the same purpose had been defeated again
and again on their own merits. Questions have
been debated during a session, fairly considered,
and defeated by overwhelming majorities; and
yet they have been tacked to an appropriation bill
in one branch, and then carried through, by £he
agency of a committee of conference, m spite of
nine tenthsofthe members of one or both Houses.
If a Senator objects to some provision of an ap-
propriation bill, he is told he must take it as a
totality or defeat the bill. This is a crying out-
rage—it is an enormous evil; and we are almost
as guilty as if we connived at the wickedness
which goes through Congress every year on the
appropriation bills.
I have suggested the propriety of adopting a"
rule by which wc shall consider nothing but reg-
ular appropriations, and not consider amendments
proposed in either House without an opportunity
for their examination having been afforded."For
our own protection we^ught to do this; and we
ought to protect ourselves against the Bouse of
Representatives and their committees, as well as
our own; and we ought to say that we will not
consider any amendment involving a new appro-
priation which is tacked to a bill withm thirty
davs of the close of a session. I trust the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who has turned his at-
tention to the subject, will propose that or some
other measure—not to hasten the appropriation
bills; that will not cure the evil, for 1 do not care
when you pass the bulk of them. The great object
to be accomplished is to cut off those amendments
by which jobs are created on the last night of a
session in both Houses.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote very cheerfully
for this resolution of instruction to the Committee
on Finance to inquire into this subject; but I deem
it proper to say now, that I do not, by any means,
intend to commit myself to the proposition that
the measure proposed is right in itself, or that it
is right in view of the Constitution. It is true
that, according to the letter of the Constitution,
appropriation bills may be originated by the
Senate, for they are not strictly revenue bills;
yet we ail know that, m point of fact, they have
come into the place of revenue bills. We make
o/rcvenue bill but once in ten or twelve years,
and these appropriation bills are in fact what were
intended, I suppose, by the framers of the Con-
stitution, as bills of revenue. They appropriate
the revenue which is only regulated by a biil
passed once in a,period of several years. Now,
notwithstanding all the inconveniences attendant
on the present mode of transacting business, 1
am quite satisfied that this branch of the national
legislation is most safely reposed in the House of
Representatives of the tjnited States—represent-
atives from limited districts, the direct represent-
atives of the people themselves, and not of the
States—representatives responsible to the people
directly and immediately at the expiration of every
two years. I think it would be very much to be
deplored, so far as concerns the appropriation of
the public money, that it should in any degree be
withdrawn from that House and concentrated in
the Senate of the United Slates. As the tendency
of things strikes me, it is now, as it has for many
years been, to concentrate m the Senate a larger
share than in the House of the various legislation
which the country requires. That happens so,
because the number of this body is smaller; be-
cause its rules, therefore, are more practicable,
and business can be more feasibly transacted;
whib, on the other hand, the constitution of the
other House is such that business is more slowly
transacted, and with greater difficulty. But if I
, know anything of the constitution of the two
: Houses, what I do know has led me to believe
that proposed appropriations are more carefully
examined by committees in the House of Rep-
