888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Houston had been detained from the House for
the last three days, by severe sickness in his
family. , ,
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee resumed its session, and the Chair
stated that the pending question was on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to postpone
the consideration of the bill for the relief of John
g, Pendleton.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How does the
question stand?
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers were ordered; and
it is the duty of the Chair to direct the vote to be
taken by tellers, according to the order of the
committee.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. We are ready to take it up.
Mr. STANTON. There is some misunder-
standing as to what the friends of the bill desire.
If it is the wish of the friends of this claimant
that this bill should be postponed, I am for post-
Foning it. If they do not desire to postpone it,
am against postponement.
Mr. GlDtHNGS. The comity of the com-
mittee requires that the gentleman reporting a bill
to the House should be present when it is con-
sidered, or else that it should be postponed. I
have no interest in the matter one way or the
other, and as I understand that the friends of
the claimant desire to consider the bill new, I
withdraw my motion to postpone.
The bill was then read. It provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay to
John S. Pendleton, for his full compensation
whilst employed as Minister of the United States
on a special mission to the oriental Republic of
Uruguay, in the year 1852, the sum of $9,000,
deducting therefrom any amount which he may
have heretofore received as compensation for said
services in said mission; and for like full compen-
sation for his services in the same character to the
Republic of Paraguay, in the year 1853, $9,000,
deducting therefrom any amount of money he
may have heretofore received as compensation
for his services in said mission to Paraguay.
The report of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, accompanying the bill, was then read.
Mr. PENNINGTON. In the absence of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clixgman,]
who has been specially intrusted with the man-
agement of this bill on the part of the committee,
and whose absence is to be regretted, because, for
that reason, he has made himself more familiar
than any other member of the committee with the
details of the subject, it is proper that I should
state, at least, the principle on which the com-
mittee have acted, with a reference to such of the
facts as may bo necessary to make the applica-
tion of that principle, in this ease, intelligible.
It appears that in 1852 the President of the Uni-
ted States, (Mr. Fillmore,) for purposes deemed
by him sufficient to warrant the proceeding,
forwarded to Mr. Pendleton, then at Buenos
Ayres, and to Mr. Schenck, then at Rio Jan-
erio, commissions, with plenipotentiary powers,
to negotiate treaties of commerce, navigation,
and friendship, with the Republics of Paraguay
and Uruguay, and with all the States of the
Argentine Confederation, whether in union or
separation. These commissions were to be execu-
ted jointly by those gentlemen, or separately, as
might be necessary. Mr. Pendleton was at that
time Charge d'Affaires to the Argentine Confed-
eration; and Mr. Schenck, Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to Brazil. The commissions issued to these
gentlemen were perfectly alike in terms, and gave
the same powers to each.
In pursuance of these appointments, four sev-
eral treaties were negotiated and signed, two with
the Argentine Confederation in July, 1853; one
with the Republic of Paraguay in March, 1853;
and the other with the Republic of Uruguay in
August, 1852. Of these treaties, the first three
named were negotiated and signed by Messrs.
Pendleton and Schenck jointly, and the latter by
Mr. Pendleton alone, on the part of the United
States. The treaties with the Argentine Confed-
eration were negotiated and signed, one at San
Jose de Flores, and the otherin the State of Entrc
Rios; that with the Republic of Paraguay at
Asuncion, and that with the Republic of Uru-
guay atMontevideo. For the negotiation of the
treaties with the Argentine Confederation, Mr.
Pendleton asks no compensation beyond that
received by him in his capacity as charge d'af-
faires to that Confederation. What he claims is,
that over and above his compensation as charge
d'affaires to the Argentine Confederation he shall
be paid an outfit as minister plenipotentiary to
each of the separate Republics of Paraguay and
Uruguay, to which he was not originally accred-
ited, and to which, after he was accredited to the
Argentine Confederation, and while he was there
serving his Government, he was, by special ap-
pointment, accredited by two distinct and sepa-
rate commissions, and at each of which he dis-
charged the duties of a minister plenipotentiary
to the entire satisfaction of his Government, and
with great credit to himself.
For these outfits the committee have reported
this bill, and they have unanimously concurred
in the report recommending its passage.
At the last session of Congress, Mr. Schenck,
for his services in negotiating the two treaties
with the Argentine Confederation, and the treaty
with the Republic of Uruguay, the only treaties
in the negotiation of which he participated, was
allowed an outfit as minister plenipotentiary at
each of these posts of duty over and above his
compensation as minister plenipotentiary to
Brazil, to which he was originally accredited.
And the bill now under consideration proposes
to make a similar allowance to Mr. Pendleton,
under the same circumstances, and upon the same
principle as in the case of Mr. Schenck. There
is a manifest propriety, as the committee think, in
paying to Mr. Pendleton the same compensation
as was paid to Mr. Schenck—those cases, mu-
talis mutandis, being precisely alike in facts and
principle.
The allowance proposed is in conformity to
the uniform action of the Government from its
foundation to this time, except in the single case
of Mr. Pendleton; and there seems to be no fitness
in making him an exception to a rule which, so
far as the committee can learn, has been univer-
sally applied from 1794 to this time, including the
cases of Mr. Jay, Mr. John Q-. Adams, Mr.
Monroe, Messrs. Pinkney, and other eminent
gentlemen employed in the diplomatic scrvice of
the country. In the absence of any positive
law fixing the compensation in such cases, there
would seem to have arisen a law of usage, which
ought not to be disregarded; and the remedy for
the evil, if an evil it is, should be prospective,
not retrospective, as against a case ill which the
officer may fairly have expected the same meas-
ure of compensation as had been theretofore uni-
versally allowed.
The out-tit according to the theory of our sys-
tem, previous to the passage of the diplomatic
and consular bill of the last Congress, was al-
lowed to indemnify the officer for the expenses
and damages incident to his removal and change
of residence. The amount of indemnity fixed for
all cases of the same grade of mission, was the
same—§9,000 in cases of ministers plenipoten-
tiary, and $4,500 ill eases of charges d'affaires—
without any exact regard to actual expenses or
damages. The allowance of out-fits in such eases
as that now under consideration, was made by the
earlier Presidents without any special appropria-
tion, nut of the general fund appropriated for the
diplomatic service, upon this principle of indem-
nity; and that allowance has been continued, upon
the same principle, by Congress, ever since the
habit of special appropriations has prevailed.
I cannot doubt, therefore, that the committee
have acted in conformity to precedent and princi-
ple, and I hope their report may be sustained.
There was allowed to Mr. Pendleton, by the last
Congress for those extra services, some compen-
sation by way of a per diem, which, it is pro-
posed by the bill, to deduct from the out-fits to
which he will be entitled if the bill shall become
a law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want
to detain the committee; but, sir, this is one of
the cases to which I cannot give my sanction,
however numerous be the precedents to which
gentlemen may refer, and on which they may
base this case. I sir, have no regard, no respect,
for precedents unless the precedent be established
on a correct principle; and if I cannot approve
the principle on which the precedent is estab-
lished, neither time nor repetition can m my judg-
ment sanctify the error. •
Then, sir, what is the principle involved in the
bill now before you ? The applicant in this case
was appointed a charge d'affaires of this Govern-
ment to one of the South American Republics.
While there, and employed in that service at a
salary of $4,500 a year, and having_ received an
outfit of $4,500, the President commissioned him
to go to another of these Republics of South
America, in conjunction with the minister pleni-
potentiary of this Government at Rio Janeiro;
and, in conjunction with that minister, to make,
or endeavor to make, treaties with these other
Republics. For this service Congress has paid
to Mr. Schenck, the Minister to Rio Janeiro, the
outfit of a full mission, $9,000, in addition to his
outfit and the salary of which he was inreceipt as
such Minister to Rio Janeiro. Now, this bill pro-
poses, not to pay to Mr. Pendleton, the claimant
here, the outfit for his mission to Buenos Ayres,
but to give him $9,000 outfit for a full mission
as envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary, as fixed by law for the payment of such
officer by the Government. Now, sir, I say that
this is wrong. We were paying this gentleman for
hi  services; we had paid him his outfit as charge
d'affaires, and were paying him $4,500_ salary.
If lie has incurred any other expenses it would
probably be right and proper that the Govern-
ment should pay him those expenses; but that
you should give him the $9,000 in addition to his
full compilation is, I think, wrong in principle.
I think it was wrong to pay the amount that was
paid to Mr. Schenck. 1 think it was wrong to
pay it to Mr. Carr. I think it was wrong to pay
it to Commodore Perry. Will this Congress pass
a law, authorizing the President in such cases,
when he thinks proper, to send a minister from
one court to another, and that that minister shall
receive a double compensation ? Or will Congress
say, that the President shall have a traveling
minister, and shall send him about over the coun-
try, and pay him his outfit for each one of the
courts to which he may be accredited ? Why, sir,
if it be right to pay them for two, you could as
well send them to half a dozen different Govern-
ments at different times, and it would be equally
right to pay them for all. Believing that the pre-
cedents that have been cited to justify this claim
are wrong, I shall vote against the bill, and not
be responsible for its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope I shall be
pardoned by the committee if I express surprise
and regret at the opposition made by ^he vigilant
gentleman from Tennessee, who has just taken his
seat, to this bill. I say surprise emphatically; for
if there is any principle definitely settled by the
practice of the Government, as to the rule of law
defining compensation, it is with reference to pre-
cisely just such a case as this.
Mr. Chairman, will the committee remember
that, from the days of the elder Adams—from
the commencement of the present century down
to the last Congress—the principle involved in
this application has been frequently, and almost
universally, acted upon in respect to the compen-
sation of special envoys of the Government? I
ask gentlemen if the practice of this House and
of this Government does not establish as clear a
rule for an allowance of this kind to agents called
upon to perform acts of public duty, as if it were
a matter of express statute ? Unquestionably.
Now, when Mr.Pendleton and Mr. Schenck
were employed to ascend this great river, pene-
trating through the interior of South America, to
form treaties with the Governments upon the
borders of the river, they had assurance, in the
practice of this House and of the Government for
half a century, as to what their compensation
would be. I say, then, that itdoes excite my sur-
! prise, that a gentleman so conversant with the
practice of Congress upon this subject as the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, shoulij
make every new case resting upon the same prin-
ciple the subject of his opposition. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that he should introduce a
law cutting off this practice, if, in his judgment,
it is wrong.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would just say
| to the gentleman that there is no law authorizing
| this practice. Wheneverithas been appliedinpar-
■ ticular cases, it has always been done by special
| law; and if you were to pass a law prohibiting
j the payment of such extra compensation, you
I could still override it by special acts, as you are
! doing now, when there is no law.
