1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE:
1<58
resentatives than they naturally would bo here; j
and that if this be not the fact, and if our com- !
mittees arc equal, jret there is a more strict sense '
of accountability on the part of the members of
that House in regard to the fiscal affairs of the
Government. It is for these reasons, while I think
some remedy is necessary for the inconveniences
■which have'been suffered—and I am willing to
vote for this resolution of inquiry—I yet, at the
same time, aim far from believing it will bo right,
or safe, or judicious, or strictly within the spirit
of the Constitution, for us to assume this great
branch of business, which properly belongs to
the commons of the country—the House of Rep-
resentatives—according to the previous settled
habit of the country.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I am inclined
to concur with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] as to the best method to effect the ob-
ject which I believe all Senators desire. While
the gentleman from Delaware has very little faith
in, and very little reliance on, any rule which may
be adopted, I am inclined to believe that more
good may result from the adoption of rules, cither
by the Senate separately, or by both Houses
jointly, than in any other way. I ihink the
resolution is broad enough as it now stands to
authorize the Committee on Financc to conclude
their investigation by recommending any process
, which, in their judgment, shall be deemed best.
Now I think that a joint rule of the two Houses
whicl 'ould authorize and make it compulsory,
if yoWpiease, on the Senate committee, to report;
certain of the appropriation bills, whilst certain '
others should be reported in the House at the
same time, thus enabling the Senate to be acting
primarily on one class of the appropriation bills
while the House was acting on another, would be
desirable, and in that way the amendments to
those bills could be acted on deliberately. I think
a joint rule (n rule which could not be abrogated
or annulled by a vote of either body by itself)
might also be adopted, which should require
action primarily upon an appropriation bill within
a limited number of days before the session should
conclude. I believe that much of the evil which
we experience in relation to our protracted sit-
tings, and to the obnoxious matter that gets in-
corporated into an appropriation bill, could thus
be avoided.
Sir, in my judgment, all the appropriation bills
should be passed by both Houses of Congress
many days before the time when their sessions
terminate. An appropriation bill ought to be
submitted to the Senate with a sufficient time in-
tervening between its final action upon it and the
conclusion of the session to justify the House or
the Senate in actually killing the bill; giving them
time to originate another, if there were enough
objectionable matter contained in it to authorize
that course. Now, however, we are compelled t#
take an appropriation bill as it is. The Govern-
ment is to be obstructed in its ordinary functions,
unless we take an appropriation bill as it is pre-
sented to us, with all the objectionable matter
which it may contain.
I think these are suggestions which are worthy
at least of the consideration of the Committee on
Finance; and, however feeblo and however inef-
fectual may be an effort to remedy the evils under
which we suffer, I believe sincerely that by rules
here, and by joint rules binding on both branches
of Congress, more good can be accomplished than
by any other process.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the resolution
before the Senate is simply a resolution of in-
quiry,.and I should not indulge in a single remark
in inference to it but for what was said by the
honorable Senator fromNcw York [Mr. Seward]
in the conclusion of his remarks. This is not
the first time that that honorable Senator, as it
seems to me, has indulged in a line of remark
calculated to impair the dignity and proper weight
in the government of the body of which he is a
member. That portion of his remarks to which
I allude is the contrast which he attempted to
draw between the Senate, as representing the
State sovereignties, and the House of Represent-
atives as representing the power of numbers.
That, sir, is the form of organization of our i
, Government; and it is well for it that it is so. ;
Without that mixed form of government, we 1
could hardly have expected the Federal Union to 1
last as long as it has. But for that principle, it i
must, ere this, either have been concentrated into
a popular sovereignty, or have become a dismem-
bered Union.
Mr. President, I do not mean to go into any ar-
gument on this question; butthe idea was thrown
out, though not professedly stated, in the remarks
of the Senator from New York, that there was
an aspect of unconstitutionality about the inquiry
which this resolution proposes, or at least about
the action to which it may-lead. On what ground?
The Constitution of the United States places the
Senate of the United States, for all legislative
Surposes, precisely on the same footing as the
louse of Representatives. They are coordinate
branches. It is true, in our form of government,
the one represents the sovereignty of the States—
the other the popular sentiment of the country;
but there is no more weight to be attached to the
action of the one than to that of the other. Most
assuredly, the Constitution gives no greater au-
thority to the one body than to the other. The
fiat of each is necessary for all purposes of legis-
lation, and that was the intention of the framers
of our Government. It was intended, further, that
the principle of State soveneignty represented here
should operate as a check upon the power of
numbers represented in the other House, or else
I entirely misread the Federal Constitution.
Now, sir, I would not derogate from th'e weight
of numbers; I do not wish to impair the effect of
the public opinion of the whole country; but I
still think that our form of Government requires
that we should maintain the Senate in its proper
position; not that we should attempt to concen-
trate in the Senate any powers that do not belong
to it. But how is it concentrating such poweis?
What is the meaning of the language of the hon-
orable Senator fron New York, when he tells us
that the Senate is concentrating powers ill itself
apart from the other House? For any purpose
of legislation, all we do here is virtually useless
unless concurred in by the other House. The
fact that we pass upon an appropriation bill first,
does not.prevent the subsequent thorough exami-
nation of it by the House of Representatives; but,
on the other hand, the system that has been hith-
erto maintained has been, that appropriation bills
have come to us at so late a period, that it has
been impossible to discuss them in the Senate,and
we have been forced oftentimes to adopt measures
which otherwise would not have been adopted,
even in the shape of appropriations. Further,
under .the pernicious system which exists, of
tacking general legislation to appropriation bills,
we have been forced into the adoption of general
legislative measures, without even the semblance
of discussion for the purpose of determining
whether they were right or wrong.
Sir, I hold—ami this is flu1 object, of my re-
marks now—that the Senate of the United States
stands on a footing of equality with the House
of Representatives of the United States. Though
the one represents the popular sentiment, and
the other represents the sentiment of the people
of States, they equally represent the popular sen-
timent of the country in its true, proper, and
constitutional sense. They equally have a right
(with the exception prescribed in the Constitu-
tion as to bills for raising revenue) to initiate all
legislative proceedings.
"I am at a loss to conceive on what ground the
charge is made against this body, that we have
attempted to concentrate legislative powers in our
hands. Where, when, and on what occasion'
The charge is without specification, but it goes
forth to the country with the sanction of the honor-
able Senator from New York. I can understand,
Mr. President, that a gentleman holding a distin-
guished position from one of the largest States in
the Union might desire to make such an impres-
sion upon the country that, if this Government
should be transferred from a mixed republic into
a pjire democracy, m which the power of num-
bers alone should rule, popular sentiment might
give greater individual influence to him, as head-
ing one of the largest States. I can understand
that; but I trust that objects or motives of that
kind will never, in the judgment of the Senate
of the United States, lead them to abandon their
true and just position ill the legislation of the
country.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, something
| has been said in this debate as to the efficacy of
' rules. Since I have had any knowledge of this
body, we have had two.joint rules of. the ,two-
Houses, which I will read:* . ,t
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one House, shall be-
sent for concurrence to the oilier on either of the lagt three
days ot' the session.
" 17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the;
House of Representatives anil the Senate; shall be pre-
sented to the President of the-United States, for Ilia appro
bation, on the last day of the session^- -- , ■. - ; ,
Now, sir, I appeal to all the members Were; if
both these joint rules have not been abrogated at
evj ry session of Congress for the last twenty years?'
No one can deny this fact; aifd it shows what the
effect of a jointruleis. If, however, it be deemed
by honorable gentlemen that a rule be of any
benefit to cure this evil, I am perfectly willing to
accept it. I only wish it to be understood tjaat,
in my judgment, the rule will not have the effect
intended, and that there must be some other
remedy applied. I hope the wisdom of the.Com-
mittee on Finance will enable them to apply some •
other remedy in order to get rid of this evil.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The resolution was adopted.
COLONEL BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution which I
introduced this day week, in reference to Colonel
Roberts. I understand that the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] desires to submit some
remarks upon it before it shall be referred tothe
Committee on Military Affairs, that being tho
motion pending. I introduced at the same time,
a joint resolution to request the President to cause.
a sword, with suitable devices, to be,presented to
Colonel Roberts, in testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congress of his gallantry and good
conduct,at the storming of Chepultepecand taking
of the city of Mexico; but inasmuch as the Senate
arc acting upon a determination not to reccive bills
or resolutions requiring the coordinate action of
the other House, until tlint branch of Congress
shall be organized, that joint resolution is with-
drawn for the time being.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the report of Beniamin S. Roberts, Cap-
tain of the l?dles, made to General Twiggs, on returning to
him tho American fla? which lmd been the first planted
upon the Capitol of Mexico, and which he bad mtiusted
to the keeping of Oaptam Roberei in the storming of Che-
pultopee, anil'the takini; ofthc.eity of Mexico, bearing date
" City of Mexico, J'ltii September, 1847," be taken from
the lilcs m tin- office of the tfecrctaiy of the Senate, and
be printed ; end That the Eh-^sulont pro tempore of the Sen-
ate cause an ennrowid cony theieof to be deposited m the
Ucpaitmi'iit of State with tile flae whose history it gives,
and which has already been deposited m said Department
by orrtiit uf the Senate.
The pending question was on Mr. Foot's mo-
tion to refer the resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it will be recol-
lected by the older members of this body that
the flag mentioned in the resolution was intro-
duced into the Senate on thesecond of June, 1848,
by Mr. Davis, then a Senator from Mississippi,
and now Secretary of War. On the 1st of July
of that year, as is shown by the Journal, he pre-
sented a document in relation to that flag. Tho
document then presented is the one which is now
called for from the files, by the Senator from Ver-
! mont. On the introduction of that document, as
j is shown by the debates m Congress.a discussion
[ arose in the Senate between Mr. Davis and Mr.
i| Foote, of Mississippi, whi'ch the curious on that
'I subject may find ot page 890 of the Congressional
j' Glohe of ill at ye. r. 1 shall not detain the Sen-
'! ate by leading it: it is sufficient forme to remark
\\ that Senator Foote thought that, in the paper
;! which was then presented, injustice was done to
,! Major General (.-liutman, who commanded the
I forces under whom, and at the head of whom,
I the first flag was placed upon the Capitol of Mex-
! ico. The paper which is offered doc snot disclose
! the fact that "General Ctuitman was in the action
i at all. had anything to do with the command, or
j gave any otd'ers which led to the planting of that
1 llag upon the walls of Mexico. Because of this
,| unintentional injustice—I am willing to admit
' that it is unintentional—to the major general
commanding the forces, Senators at that day ob-
;i jected to having this paper placed upon the files
, of the State Department, as giving tl*o correct
