1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Kunkel.
Ho. of Reps.
vacant places of the five disputed claimants from
New Jersey were filled. Here the question
was raised in the case of almost the entire dele-
gation of a State to this House upon its ou>n mo-
lion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why, in the face of such
precedent, do gentlemen cavil and object to this
investigation, or to clothing the committee with
the powers asked for, because Governor Reeder
is not qualified to initiate and conduct these pro-
ceedings, when it is competent for the House to
do so upon its own motion? The argument of
gentlemen .on the other side is, that two things
must be alleged, viz: that the sitting Delegate is
not entitled, and that somebody else is; and that
the same two tilings must also be proved, viz:
that the sitting Delegate is notentitlea, and some-
body else is; and that if these two things do not
concur, there should be no investigation. That
is, sir, that if it cannot be shown both that the
sitting Delegate is not, and somebody else is,
entitled, the sitting Delegate retains his seat.
According to this, it might fully and overwhelm-
ingly appear that General Whitfield is not entitled
to hold, but as it does not appear that Governor
Reeder is, therefore General Whitfield shall not be
disturbed in his possession. I ask, sir, is not this
the necessary and absurd result of the course of
argSment on the othrt* side of the House? This
reasoning leaves no vacant seats on this floor, for
if nobody can show better title than the usurper,
the usurper holds. The test is not the soundness
of title of him who claims, but the want of title
in anybody else. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
upon principle or authority that it is necessary at
all to allege title in Governor Reeder, much less
to show it, in order to vacate the seat of the
sitting Delegate.
Again, it has been pressed upon our attention,
as matter of grave importance, that Governor
Reeder,by his official acts, recognized the legis-
lative body claiming to be the Legislature of Kan-
sas; and it is said such recognition operates as
an estoppel in law. I do not know whether it is
this House, the people of Kansas, or Governor
Reeder himself who is estopped, but it is said
there is an estoppel operative in the case, ^ow,
Mr. Speaker, I am willing to admit that the con-
duct of Governor Reeder in some respects seems
to me most extraordinary; but are we obliged to '
reconcile his apparent contradictions and incon-
sistencies? It is not nccessary for my argument
to do so. If gentlemen say to me that Governor
Reeder issued certificates of election, as members
of the Legislature of Kansas, to those whom he
now represents to have been illegally chosen—
that three or four months after their election he
addressed them a message recognizing them as
the rightful Legislature—I can only say that these
facts may and do furnish them an argument to
show either that the state of things which Gov-
ernor Reeder now alleges to have existed at the
election did aot exist, or that he was particeps
criminis with the Missouri invaders, or possibly
that he did not know the facts at the time of
granting the commissions and communicating
with the Legislature. But it is only an argu-
ment. It is not an estoppel of this House or the
people of Kansas. The country will pass a just
judgment, I doubt not, upon Governor Reeder's
conduct. I will not anticipate its verdict.
But, sir, Governor Reeuer appears here as the
representative of the people of Kansas. His
memorial declares his representative capacity,
and by receiving and entertaining it this House
is estopped—that is the word—from denying that
fact. Can Governor Reeder's official acts—his
derelictions of public duty—bar the rights of the
^ Kansas people? He was not chosen by them
* Governor—was not responsible to them—but was
there by presidential appointment, under the or-
ganic law of the Territory, to do and perform
certain lawful acts for them. Now, how can it
be said that, if through ignorance of fact, inad-
vertence, or criminal design, he failed of his duty
in granting the certificates and acknowledging the
Legislature, such failure of duty shall estop the
people of the Territory from denying the validity
of the Legislature ? Do the omissions of public
duty or wrongful acts of a public officer bind the
pulyfc? Is it not well settled that no laches, neg-
lect, fraud even, of a public servant, shall con-
clude his government? It was made the duty of
Governor Reeder, by the Kansas-Nebraska Dill,
to declare the persons having the highest number
of legal votes elected to the Council and House
of Representatives, This was his duty, and in
respect of it he was beyond the control of the
people of Kansas. t Would it not be monstrous
injustice if, in addition to the usurpation of their
polls by violence, and the overthrow of their gov-
ernment, the recreancy of their Executive should
now be interposed in oar of their complaint? If
all be true as alleged against Governor Reeder,
it only adds another to the grievances of the
Kansas settlers.
But, Mr. Speaker, the last objection to granting
the power asked by the committee comes in the
shape of a demurrer to the memorial of Governor
Reeder on behalf of the Kansas people. The
memorial alleges that General Whitfield is not
entitled to retain his seat, because " the law under
which said pretended election was held emanated
from a Legislative Assembly which the people and
qualified voters of said,Territory protested, and
| declare through your memorialist, werenotelectcd
i by them, but imposed upon them by the force of
j superior numbers of non-residents, who could
1 pass no law that would be binding on them, and
| whose election and action should not be sanc-
tioned or recognized by this House, because they
are utterly inconsistent with the idea of republi-
can Government, and destructive of the plainest
and most undeniable civil and political rights."
To establish these facts principally, the commit-
tee ask for the power to send for persons and
papers. Tq this it is replied, that it is an inherent
power in all legislative bodies " to judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications" of their
members. The Kansas Legislature did, or must
be presumed to have done so, and their judgment
being that of a court of competent jurisdiction, is
conclusive upon all matters embraced in it, and
upon all persons; therefore, the question of the
j legality of the Kansas Legislature is a closed one,
i and this House cannot review it. It is a judg-
ment, and there is no appellate jurisdiction in
this House. Thus the question proposed to be
raised by the evidence to be had by the per-
sons and papers is anticipated, and we are told
that if the testimony were here it would not
avail.
Now, let us examine this question, and I may
grant, that if the legality of the Kansas Legisla-
ture has been already adjudged and determined
beyond revision by this House, it would be folly
to incur the expense and delay of the investiga-
tion proposed. The inherent power of legisla-
tive bodies to judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of their members, and that the
Kansas Legislature did, or must be presumed to
have done so, in this case, are admitted, but the
I conclusiveness of their judgment upon this_House
is the point of controversy. Each House of
I Congress, by the Constitution, is made "the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members." " Returns" refer to the
commissions or evidences of election, and of these
the House must judge. " Qualifications" refer to
the age, residence, citizenship, or other personal
qualifications, and of these, also, the House must
judge.
So, also, this House is made the judge of the
"elections" of its members, as separate from
" returns and qualifications." The House is to
judge of the " returns," and also of the " qualifi-
| cations," and also of the " elections." Here are
three separate subjects upon which this House is
to judge; and as the judgment upon the "returns"
is a separate judgment from that upon the " elec-
tions," there must be an examination behind
I the "returns," so that a judgment upon the
election, independent of the returns, may be pro-
nounced.
What, then, is a judgment by this House upon
the election of its members? What the extent
and what the limitations, if any, of the powers
comprehended in this judgment ? Can the power
be short of the object upon which the judgment is
to be pronounced, viz: the election? The very
fact of election is to be passed upon; must not
the power be commensurate with the subject of
the judgment? Who has been chosen—legally
chosen? For whom have a majority of the legal
voters, in due form of law, cast their votes? These
are the questions to be adjudged; and everything
necessary to form the judgment is of legitimate
inquiry. The House is empowered " to judge
of the returns;" these are the evidence only of
election. The House is also " to judge of the
election;" and to do so may look behind the evi-
dence into the election itself, and determine
whether the? prima facie evidence produced by the
returns is the real evidence of facts. This power
to judge of the election itself, is comprehensive
and inclusive of all that is necessary to determine
what the House is constituted the judge to determ-
ine—the very fact of election. To reach this
end, it may go behind commissions and certifi-
cates; behind the manner in which votes were
counted in districts; the manner in which they
were transmitted; the place appointed for receiv-
ing them; the ascertaining their number; behind
all State laws, and all the machinery of the State
government, to the people themselves. They,
sir, (the people,) are the fountain of the power of
this House. They are directly represented here;
this is the popular body of this Government. T.o
judge of an election is to go back of all forms to
ascertain their will; and whatever may stand in
the way of such inquiry may not only be exam-
ined, but set aside and nullified.
Thus, in the case of Spauldingand Mead, in the
Ninth Congress—the votes by the law of Georgia
were required to be returned to the Governor
within twenty days, who was required, within
five days thereafter, to count up the votes from
the several counties, or such of them as might
have made returns, and immediately make proc-
lamation, declaring the person having the highest
number of votes elected, &c. The votes of three
counties were not returned within the twenty
days. The Governor, in pursuance of law,
counted up the votes returned to him within
] twenty days, and thereupon issued his proclam-
i ation declaring^ Mead elected, and granted him
; a certificate. The House held the certificate only
prima facie evidence of election, counted the votes
which had not been returned according to law,
and gave the seat to Spaulding. In the case of
Barney.and McCreery, in the Tenth Congress,
the House set aside a law of the State of Mary-
land requiring a qualification as to residence not
required by the Constitution. In the New Jersey
1 case, the House reached behind the laws of the
State to ascertain for whom a majority qf the
votes were cast. The contested elections in this
House, throughout its history, fully sustain this
position. Now, sir, if, upon principle and prece-
dent, these are the powers of this House in con-
tested elections of members representing the peo-
ple of a sovereign State, with how much more
force does the reasoning and the practice apply
in the case of a contested Delegate from a Terri-
tory? If there has appeared, at any time, to be
hesitation or delicacy, on the part of the House,
in exercising these high powers, it has arisen
from a jealous regard for State rights and sove-
reignty.
But what are the rights of a Territory as against
this Government ? The government of a Terri-
! tory is a temporary one organized by Congress,
I and subject at'all times to its control. In the
; exercise of its authority Congress may at pleasure
repeal or modify the laws passed by the Terri-
torial Legislature, and may at any time abrogate
and remodel the Legislature itself, and all the
other departments of the territorial government.
The Territory is thus made your absolute depend-
ency without an element of sovereignty; yet it is
of the acts of a Territorial Legislature that these
high and unrevisable powers are claimed. What
is the Delegate ? He is the creature of a law of
Congress. For what purpose sent here? To
represent the wishes ana wants—the interests and
necessities of a distant, dependent people. Now
can this House be precluded from going all
through the forms of the laws under which he
claims to be here, and ascertain whether he is the
1 choice of the people? Is it possible that this
House cannot, as between the creature of this
Government and itself, inquire into the legality of
I its Legislature ? It is said we always recognize
