1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE"
155"
34tH CONO....1ST SESS.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. or Reps.
KANSAS' CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HARRIS,
OP ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from Kansas.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, sajd:
Mr. Speaker: As I intend to vote against the
resolution reported by the majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections, asking- this House to invest
them with authority to send to Kansas for per-
sons and papers to enable this House to decide
upon the validity of the election law of that Ter-
ritory, I purpose to give very briefly some of
the reasons for that vote. The Committee of
Elections have had under consideration the me-
morial of one A. H. Reeder, who asks to be
admitted as the Delegate of Kansas upon this
floor, and asserts that he is the legally-elected
Delegate, and that General Whitfield, the sitting
Delegate, is a spurious one, never elected by the
lawful voters of the Territory; because he says
the law of the Territory under which the election
of Whitfield was held was null and void, for the
reason that the members who composed the
Territorial Legislature which passed the law,
were themselves elected by the border ruffians
and""armed mobs from the State of Missouri.
We haVe here presented, at the very threshold
of our inquiries, a question of the gravest char-
acter. Can this House, in the exercise of its
constitutional right of determining the election
and qualification of its members, go behind the
law of their election, and question the right by
which the members of the Territorial Legislature
held their seats? I deny the power of this House
to do it; and were I, for the sake of argument,
to admit the power, I hold that there is no reason
why it should be intrusted to this Committee of
Elections.
It would seem that the first question to engage
the attention of the committee would be the right
of Reeder to the seat which he claims, and whether
he has made out a prima facie case that would be
worthy of the attention of the committee and the
House; but these inquiries are not before us at
all. They declare in their report that the right of
Reeder to a seat is one " to which our attention has
net as yet been directed." I would like to know
why the attention of the committee has not been
directed to that question? Is it not the very matter
referred to them ? Is not that the inquiry which
this House has tfo answer? And yet they slur
over or " pretermit" the most important issue in
the whole -case. Finding this declaration in the
outset of their report, I confess I read it through
with very little confidence in its statements, its
arguments, or its wishes. I expected to find in
the report very little to approve, and I have not
been disappointed. The committee, knowing that
the claim of Reeder tp a seat in this House is as
baseless as could be that of the veriest pretender
that could rap at the doors of this Hall, have
dodged the question referred to them by the
House, shirked the real issue that is made,'and
present another, under the smoke of which they
hope the Teal point will be hidden, and upon which
they hope to renew and increase the excitement
in the country raised by the false or exaggerated
statements of the abolition press, of mobs, inva-
sions, riots, and bloodshed perpetrated by the
ruffians of Missouri upon the meek, pious, and
puritanical people of Kansas. They may say that
they want to drive out the sitting member before
they consider the claim of Reeder: I have no
doubt that is true; and if it is, it proves all I allege
against them. Is not this whole question raised,
by Reeder's claim and Reeder's memorial? Yet
the committee, upon the pretensions of Reeder,
are as dumb as the brazen lions upon the avenue;
and those gentlemen upon the other side of the
Hall who sustain the report imitate, with re-
markable fidelity, the silence of the committee.
They have not failed to perceive that, upon the
investigation of Reeder's claims, they would not
have an inch of solid ground to stand upon* They
therefore shrink from that investigation, and en-
deavor to entangle the House upon another—quite
as unwarrantable, in fact—but upon which they
hope, by denunciation of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, and the national principles it embodies, to
prop their declining fortunes and make a rally
before that political death which awaits them next
November.
I oppose the resolution of the committee, be-
cause I do not believe it competent for this House
to inquire into the validity of the election of the
members who composed the Kansas Legislature.
By the organic law of the Territory, it was pro-
vided that
" The persons having the highest number of legal votes
in each of the said council districts for members of the
council shall be declared by the Governor duly elected to
the council; and the persons having the highest number of
legal votes for the House of Representatives shall be de-
clared by the Governor duly elected members of said
House."
This does not authorize the Governor to set
aside elections and order new elections, but sim-
ply to issue his certificate of election to the per-
sons having the highest number of legal votes. But
Governor Reeder was not content with this power.
After issuing his certificates of election to seven-
! teen of the twenty-six members of the House of
Representatives, and eleven of the thirteen Coun-
cilmen claiming to have been elected on the 30th
of March last, and against whose election no con-
test had been made, he issued his certificates to
one of the contestants for Councilman and one of
the contestants for Representative. He then, with-
out authority of law, set aside the election for the
remaining members of jthe House of Representa-
tives and Council, and ordered new elections. As
the Governor had no power, by the organic law, to
set aside the elections, the power was clearly re-
served to the respective Houses of the Legisla-
ture to determine the rights of those who claimed
to be its members; and in the exercise of that
right, each House determined that those who had
received the highest number of legal votes at the
election of the 30th of March were entitled to
their seats; and they were accordingly admitted.
The Legislature of Kansas, thus organized, was
fully recognized by this same man Reeder, then
the Governor of Kansas, as a legally-constituted
body. He addressed them as such in his mes-
sages, stated to them that they were to originate
laws and institutions and mold the destinies of
the new republic in the geographical center of our
vast and magnificent Confederation. Thus, more
than three months after the election, Governor
Reeder recognized the Legislature of Kansas as
a legally existing constitutional body, and the
judges of the supreme court of the Territory in
like manner recognized it; and yet, although every
department of the territorial government^—the ex-
ecutive, the legislative, and the judicial—were
thus fully committed to its legal existence, and
with them the President of the United States, this
committee now think they can go behind all, and
inquire into the regularity of the election of the
members of that Legislature, in order to determine
whether General Whitfield is entitled to a seat in
this Hall. The very thought is monstrous.
The committee nowhere tell us whence they
claim to derive the power for such an extraor-
dinary proceeding. Do they base it upon an
alleged right of this House to annul a law of the
Territory? or do they rest it upon the constitu-
tional provision that makes this House the judge
of the election and qualification of its members ?
By the Kansas-Nebraska act there is no power
reserved to Congress to set aside a law of the
Territory, Their legislative power extends to all
rightful subjects of legislation not inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States, and
the question of conflict with the Constitution be-
comes a judicial question. But here we have it
proposed, not for Congress to set aside a law, but
for this House alone—no t simply to annul an election
law of the Territory because it conflicts with the
Constitution, or because there is anything wrong
in the law itself, but because there is an alleged
irregularity in the election of some of the mem-
bers of the Kansas Legislature that passed the
law! Such an act would be the most arbitrary
and unwarrantable stretch of power ever exercised,
unless by some despot, who by it would add to
his despotism infamy.
But suppose you put it upon the ground, that
the Constitution makes this House the sole judge
of the election and qualification of its members.
I deny that a Delegate from a Territory is a
member of this House within the meaning of
! the Constitution But, suppose you put it upon
that ground, and claim under it the power to go-
behind the laws of the Territories, you ther 
have the same power to go back and inquire
whether the members of the State Legislatures 
which have passed the laws under which the
members of this House hold their seats, were
: legally elected. You have the same power to in-
quire whether the constitutions of the several
! States, under which the Legislatures enacting the
I election laws have been held, were legally
j adopted; or whether the election of those who
framed such constitutions was valid or not. You
may go back and inquire whether the members
I of the last Congress which passed the Kansas-
I Nebraska act were legally elected, and if this
House,in its abundance of wisdom, should think
otherwise, set aside this election upon that ground.
Nay, sir, you may go back to 1789, and inquire
! whether the Constitution of the United States
was ever legally adopted by nine States, and
whether that instrument which we have sworn
to support is, after all, of any force or effect.
This would be carrying out the higher law to its
legitimate results. I deny all these assumptions
of power. I hold that, when Congress has passed
a law, and rights have vested under that law, it is
not competent for Congress, much less for this.
House alone, to set it aside, and thus divert their
rights. This House may as well repeal a law
which admits a State into the Union, and thus
overturn all the acts of the State authorities
done while In the Union. Let gentlemen tell us
where they stand. Let them tell us whence they
claim these monstrous powers.
But, sir, I am opposed to the resolution of the
committee for another reason. I have no sort of
confidence in the committee that desires to make
the investigation. I should have no more confi-
dence in the report which they would make than-
• I-have in the one they have already presented.
Upon the ordinary subjects of legislation I would
regard the investigation of a committee of this
House with much respect; but upon an exciting
political question, where a committee has beenr
formed by you with two-thirds of its members
of the Black Republican stripe, who have been-
thrown in here themselves by the crazy currents,
of anti-Kansasism, with the black flag of abo-
litionism in their hands, I should have no more
regard than for the babble of a maniac. The
country would have no confidence in- such a re-
port. ltis a one-sided committee, prejudiced upon,
one side—without, perhaps, their being aware of
it—and from them nothing could be expected but
a one-sided report. •
I design now, for a few moments, to travel in
some of the pathways which have already been
beaten in the course of this debate. Who is this
man, A. H. Reeder, who httsstirred•up'this con-
test? He was the Governor of Kansas Territory.
He issued his proclamation, under which the
members of the Kansas Legislature were elected.
He passed upon their election; he addressed them
when assembled; congratulated them upon the
! anticipated good which was to result from their
legislation, and called their attention to the high
and important trusts which the people had con-
fided to their hands. Everything went right and
regular,in his opinion, in the Territory of Kansas,
until he found he could not compel the Legislature
of Kansas to continue its session at Pawnee City,
owned by himself, where he had convened them for
the purposes of private speculation, and until he
found his official career was, for his gross delin-
quencies and abuse of power, about to terminate.
He then began to conceive the idea that something
had been going wrong in the elections. The Octo-
ber election for Delegate to Congress was at hand,
but he had not the courage to announce himself
as a candidate in opposition to the sitting member,
and try his chance at that election, and, if beaten
there, try it before this House. He concluded to
make a race on his own hook, when there would
be no opposition. He made it; and now comes here
and asks a seat; yet even this committee will not
notice him or his pretensions. What a practical
instance of a man running for office and being
beaten without having an opponent! But he
thought a majority of this House would favor his
