1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Mr, MARSHALL. That is what the bill now
gives him.
Mr. "WASHBURN. 1 do not, so understand
it. There has evidently been something paid to
Mr. Pendleton which ought to be deducted, to
make the two stand upon the same footing; and
if the gentleman from Kentucky will suggest some
form of expression that will accomplish that ob-
ject, I will accept it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Suppose you strikeout
the words " for his services.
Mr. WASHBURN". That will precisely cover
the ground which I wish to cover. 1 move then,
to strike out in the eleventh line the words, " for
" his services," and the same words in the fifteenth
line-
Mr. READY. I wish to be informed simply
as to one fact, which the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] I presume, can ex-
plain. I desire to know whether it is now pro-
posed by this bill to pay to Mr. Pendleton full
compensation for his services as minister, in addi-
tion to the compensation he was at the same time
.receiving as charge d 'alfaires ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will answer the ques-
tion. This bill does not propose to pay Mr. Pen-
dleton anything for his services beyond what he
has already received as charge. It simply pro-
poses to pay him $9,000 for one outfit, anil jJ9,000
for another outfit.
Mr. READY. Is that in addition to the outfit
he receives as charge?
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is. He has received
that outfit.
Mr. READY. Is the amount ho receives as
charge", to be deducted from that amount?
Mr. PENNINGTON. No, sir.
Mr. READY. Does he receive the outfit of a
charge, or the outfit of a full minister.
Mr. PENNINGTON. lie received his regu-
lar compensation as charge, and it is not proposed
to give him anything further, as compensation.
This bill simply gives him two outfits as minister,
of $9,000 each. That is all.
Mr. READY. Then I understand that he is
to reccive these two outfits as minister, in addi-
tion to his regular outfit as charge.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not rise to
make a speech, but simply to make a remark. I
beg the committee to remember that Mr. Pendle-
ton and Mr. Schenck ascended this river in com-
pany with the representatives of the great Powers
of Western Europe, who lived like lords, and
spent money like water, and the expenses neces-
sarily incurred by our representatives were so
great that one of them at least (Mr. Pendleton)
was obliged to borrow money in .Buenos Ayrcs
to defray them.
Mr. CADWALADER. If any doubt could
have rested upon my mind as to the vote 1 ought to
give upon this bill, that doubt would have been
removed by the remarks of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who has placed the
matter upon grounds which entirely convince me
that I ought to vote against the proposed appro-
priation.
The general position taken by the gentleman
from Maryland, rests, m my humble conception,
upon an entire mistake as to the constitutional
character of the tenure of office under our Gov-
ernment.
As I understand the constitutional theory of
our Government, a man who receives an office
requiring the concurrence of the Senate, is passed
upon by the Senate as to his competency to dis-
charge the proper functions of that office. Now,
the general tenor of the remarks of the gentleman,
when stripped of the plausible form in which they
were presented, is obviously and unavoidably
this—that the President, who is only one branch
of the executive Government, or the head of a
department, may superadd to the office at his dis-
cretion, without a vote of the Senate, functions
totally distinct, and perhaps of a superior charac-
ter; and, under the name of saddling a burden
upon the officer, may afford him an opportunity
of earning additional emoluments in this other
and perhaps higher office. It is then assumed
that, without a vote of the Senate, he is, as apublic
functionary, invested with this higher office, and
that he is consequently entitled to remuneration.
Against this I protest. The gentleman has argued,
the case as if the principles involved were anala-
gous to the rules of business applicable to a com-
mercial counting-house, instead of involving, as
they do, the consideration of a part of the frame-
work of our Government—a Government com-
plex in its character, but a Government whose
powers, however widely distributed, can always
be analyzed and referred, each to its proper basis.
We have been emancipating ourselves ever
since the year 1834-'35, from the habit which
formerly prevailed, of heaping extra emoluments
upon political agents of the Government. We
have in most, if not in all, of the departments at
home, extricated ourselves from the evils of the
system. In some of the departments ofthe Gov-
ernment in which the abuse formerly prevailed,
the constitutional objections were less striking,
because in many cases the persons receiving
extra compensation were inferior officers, whose
appointments do not, under the Constitution, re-
quire a vote of the Senate for their confirmation.
The question before us concerns an office of a
different character. If another office was super-
added, as the argumentin this aspect of the ques-
tion assumes, it required a distinct appointment
passed upon by the Senate.
Now, sir, having noticed what I conceived to
be the more prominent proposition, I beg leave to
notice anotherproposition of the gentleman from
Maryland, which, though plausibly expressed, I
likewise conceive to be fundamentally and radi-
cally wrong in principle. Plausibly expressed
I say, because he stated his proposition thus:
After asking the question—"arc public officers
slaves, whose whole time is due to the Govern-
ment?"—he said, in substance, as I understood
him, that if a man is appointed to an office for
the performance of duties of a particular char-
actor, and he employs his time, at the request of
the Government, in the dischaigc of other duties,
he ouffht, of course, to receive an additional com-
! pensation for the performance of the additional
duty. I have considered to little profit the history
of this Government if that view of the gentleman,
plausible as it may seem, has not been practically
exploded for a quarter of a century, and con-
demned as radically wrong. The true theory of
this Government, sir, is precisely the reverse;
and I desire that the consequences of a propo-
sition thus plausibly presented be considered with
the care due its importance.
I hold that when a man accepts an office under
the Government of the United States, and has it
in his power, from considerations of patriotism,
or of policy, to render additional service to his
country, he should not be supposed to perform
that office under the pitiful motive of a desire to
receive an independent emolument. I believe that
all our public functionaries—those withm as well
as those without the United States—arc glad to
serve the Government incidentally to their regu-
lar duties, or even extrinsicallyfrom them. Three
diplomatic men of the highest eminence left, one
the court of London, another the city of Paris,
and the third the capital of Spain, to meet at.
Ostend, and there produced a State paper, of
which I, for one, am proud for the credit of our
country; a State paper upon which superficial
men, not comprehending the depth of its wisdom,
have cast undeserved sneers. I ask if these three
diplomatic gentlemen are to have each an extra
compensation of $18,000 for going—Mr. Soule
from Madrid, Mr. Buchanan from London, and
Mr. Mason from Paris?
A Member. Why not ?
Mr. CADWALADER. Why not, says the
gentleman behind me? Yes, of course they ought
to have it. Certainly they ought to have it on the
principle adopted by the gentleman who made the
argument to which I am endeavoring to respond.
But we are told that there is a scries of prece-
dents. Well, sir, if there be a series of bad pre-
cedents, let us depart from them. The particular
precedent principally relied on here is one which
does not commend itself to the favorable consid-
eration of this House. I speak of the appropria-
tion in the case of Mr. Schenck. Though not a
member of the last Congress, I happened to be
present on the floor of the House when that ap-
propriation was passed. I recollect well the noise
and confusion to which the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] has referred. If thatpiecedent
occurred under circumstances of noise and con-
fusion so great that gentlemen (as we arc told)
i did not know for what they were voting, it ought
i! not to be a rule to guide us under circumstances
enabling us to act more advisedly. If these gen-
tleman, Messrs. Schenck and Pendleton, incurred
extra hardships and expenditure, and made their
claim on that ground for a moderate per diem
compensation, l, for one, would not object to such
an allowance, though I would criticise it nar-
rowly. As a general rule, I greatly doubt the
expediency of such an allowance in any case,
even on this restricted principle. But I protest
altogether against this additional present of
$18,000 to a gentleman who was absent in the
public service, glad to leave his country at a much
inferior compensation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is a lawyer, and I would ask
him whether a long stringof precedents does not
establish a rule ?
Mr. CADWALADER. Where a legal power
exists they do, under certain circumstances, but
under circumstances very dissimilar to those of
the present case.
Mr. SMITH. If a uniform rule is established
by the Government, compensating certain officers,
does not that create a legitimate measure of com-
pensation for those subsequently employed ?
Mr. CADWALADER. A uniform series of
impiovident and prodigal expenditures in appro-
priation bills docs not fall within that category.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am not particularly
versed in our diplomatic relations, certainly not
as much as my friend from Pennsylvania. I
will ask him whether, if Mr. Pendleton was ap-
pointed by the President our Minister Plenipo-
tentiary, and, as such, negotiated an important
treaty, the refusal by Congress to recognize him
as such docs not nullify the treaty?
Mr. CADWALADER. I do not understand
any gentleman on the floor to say that either Mr.
Pendleton or Mr. Schenck was nominated to
the Senate and confirmed by that body.
Mr. SMITH. The Senate confirmed tho ap-
pointment by ratifying the treaty.
Mr. PENNINCrTON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania asks a question, and, with his per-
mission, I will answer it. He desires to know
whether these gentlemen* after being appointed
by the President, were confirmed by the Senate?
In reply, I will stale that they received their
appointments from the President alone. At that
time the Senate was notin session, and their nom-
inations could not be confirmed without convening
the Senate in extra session for that purpose; but
that body has ratified treaties negotiated by these
gentlemen under their appointments, and have
thus recognized their diplomatic character, and
services.
While on this point I will, with the gentle-
man's permission, call his attention to some
Democratic authority on the point lie has so earn-
estly made. He seems to do a spokesman on
this floor for the Democratic side of the House,
in questions of constitutional law, and I propose
to read for his edification a few passages from the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States of a very reccnt date. I maintain, in op-
position to the views entertained by the gentle-
man, that the President of the United States,when
the Senate is not m session, has the absolute
power to create a diplomatic mission, and make
a diplomatic appointment, without a nomina-
tion to the Senate, or a confirmation by that body;
and that the President, in making these appoint-
ments, acted within the limits of his power, and
in strict accordance with his duty, as prescribed
by the Constitution. It is conceded on all hands
that the Constitution of the United States gives
the President the power to nominate and appoint
public ministers and consuls, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
But the Constitution besides contemplated a
state of things such as existed when the appoint-
ments were made by Mr. Fillmore of these gen-
tlemen for their particular diplomatic duties; "and
it goes on to provide that the President shall have
power to fill vacancies which may happen during
the recess of Congress, by granting commissions
which expire at the end of the next session. Now
I maintain that, under this provision of the Con-
stitution, giving the President power to fill vacan-
cies during the recess, he had the power to make
these diplomatic appointments, the Senate not
being in session at the time.
Now let us see if we have any Democratic au-
thority for this view of the power of the Presi-
