1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
and may lead to results promoting the business
of the committee.
Mr. GIDDINGrS. I want gentlemen distinctly
to understand that I do object. I want the com-
mittee to go on with its business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
submit a motion that the gentleman from Virginia
have leave to make an explanation ? If so, I sub-
mit that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. In the judgment of the
Chair, it would require unanimous consent. The
Chair .will put the question to the House, whether
there is any objection to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia submitting his motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object once for all. Let
the committee proceed to. business.
The question was taken on the motion that the
committee do now rise; and it Was not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 285) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that that
bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN.- The cause having been
removed why I committed myself on this ques-
tion, I now withdraw my objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call the gentleman to order.
Let the committee proceed with its business.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it is not in order for a member to move
that another member have leave to be heard ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
. Mr. McMULLIN, (to Mr.Giddings.) Make
your point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentlemen [Mr. Mc-
Mullin] is asking a question, and is in order. '
Mr. GIDDINGS. He is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
ruled that the gentleman is not in order, unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the question whether
it is not in order for a gentleman to move that
another be permitted to make an explanation! I
recollect that, in the Thirty-First Congress 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
^ Mr. McMULLIN. On my motion the mem-
ber from Ohio was permitted to speak.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Order!
The CHAIItMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order. The Chair lias already
stated that, in its judgment, the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] cannot be
entertained unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia ■——
,Mr* GIDDINGS. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am going to mnko a mo-
tion which is in order. Will the gentleman just
sit down until I make my motion; and if it be
out of order the Chair will so state? I under-
stand that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McMui.lin] has withdrawn his objections.  
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 must object to the remarks
of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not making remarks.
I am only making a motion. I move now to
commence the Calendar again.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair will decide that
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
hardly in order, under the rules, for tile committee
to turn back on the Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will be in order if nobody
objects.
The CHAIRMAN. Undoubtedly it will be.
Is there objection ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is objection, for it
is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] objects to these claims. Let
that be understood.
Q.UITMAN. I would like to inquire of
the Chair whether, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia has withdrawn his objections to the biiJs to j
which he object 
^ &*1!- BIDDINGS. I call the gentleman from
Mississippi to order.
^ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is raising a question of order.
Mr. &UITMAN. I am( asking the Chair a
question. I wish to know of the Chair whether,
if the gentleman from Virginia has withdrawn
his objection to the bills which were passed over
on his objection, they will not be laid aside to be
reported to the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent, as the Chair understands
the practice.
Mr. HAVEN. Has the last bill been laid
aside to be reported to the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair understands.
Mr. KNOX. I do not rise to make objections
to the bill, but I wish to have an explanation of
it. It was reported by my friend from New York,
and there are some rather suspicious circum-
stances connected with it I should like my friend
from New York to explain.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I call for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. KNOX.. Unless some explanation is made
of the bill, I certainly object.
A bill (H. R. No. 278) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. This Mrs. Angus, as I un-
derstand it, is now receiving a pension from
the Government at the s£me rate she would have
received if her husband had died in the service.
I think the principle of the hill is wrongxand I
therefore object.
A bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of Betsey
Nash. [Objected to by Mr. Leiteu.] a
A bill (H. R. No. 282) for the relief of Ed-
mund Mitchell.
The bill was read. It directs that the name
of Edmund Mitchell, of Carroll county, in the
State of Kentucky, bo placed upon the pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 1st day of March, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 283) for the relief of Eve-
lina Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I dislike to make
objection to a bill; but as this establishes an en-
tirely new principle, 1 must object.
Mr. LETTER. After the explanation from the
gentleman from Virginia, I desire, to withdraw
objection to a bill for the relief of Betsey Nash.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to going back.
A bill (H. R. No. 289) for the relief of the
owner and crew of the fishing schooncr Florilla.
Mr. JONES. I am opposed to the system of
drawbacks. 1 object to the bill,
A bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief of Joshua
Knowles, Jr., and others, owners of the schooner
Garnet, of Truro.
Mr. JONES. I object to this bill for the same
reason that 1 objected to the last one.
An act (S. No. 105) for the relief of Levi Rob-
inson.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Scc.rctary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
unappropriated money in the Treasury, to Levi
Robinson, of Eden, Maine, owner of the schooner
Mary Jane, §216 as fishing bounty for 1852, said
schooner having complied with all the requisi-
tions of law to entitle her to bounty, but was un-
able to present her papers, they having been
consumed by fire.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and
Union.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Some of the cases
provided for by the bill ought to have relief, but
there are others that ought not; and I am com-
pelled to make objection.
A bill (S. No. 126) for the relief of the owners
and sharesmen of the fishing schooners Wanderer,
Mary, Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay, out
of any unappropriated money in the Treasury, to ,
the owners of the fishing schooners hereinafter
mentioned, the following sums, respectively: To
the owners of the schooner Wanderer, of Bristol,
Maine, $136, as bounty for 1848; to the owners
of the schooner Mary, of Brooksville, Maine,
$137 81, as bounty for 1852; to the owners of the
schooner Olive Branch, of Sedgewick, Maine,
$154 90, as bounty for 1852; to the owners of
the schooner Two firothcrs, of Sedgewick, Maine,
$126 35, as bounty for 1852; to the schooner
Brothers, of Lyme, Connecticut, $360, as bounty
for 1853; said sums to be divided among the
owners and sharesmen of said schooners respect-
ively, as now provided by^ existing laws.
The bill was laid aside" to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 76) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States sloop of war Albany, and
for other purposes.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with various amendments.
Mr. BENSON. I am directed by the commit-
tee to report the following additional amend-
ment:
Sec. 5. -And be it further enacted> That for the purpose
of fixing the time to which the pay of Passed Midshipman
W. H. Smith shall be allowed, the 1st of May, 1851, shall
be deemed and taken to be the day on which said Smith
was lost at sea.
The question was taken on the several amend-
ments; and they were agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House
Mr. GREENWOOD. I see that the nine
cases following on the Calendar are cases report-
ed to the Court of Claims, on which adverse
reports have been made. I presume these ad-
verse reports amount to objections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will regard
the a&tt|g£ reports from the Court of Claims as
objeclH
Mr. JUNES, of Tennessee. I would propose,
if there be no objection, that they be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that they do not pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I suggest that the motion
be that they be laid aside to be reported, with a
recommendation that the reports be confirmed.
Mr. JONES. That the reports of the Court
of Claims be confirmed?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes.
Mr. JONES. I have no objections.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 have thought of the mat-
ter, and concluded that that is the most appro-
priate mode.
Mr. JONES I want to agree with the court.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object to all this.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. Then the cases are passed
over, as objection is made.
The reports from the Court of Claims are as
follows: Adverse reports m the cases of Robert
Roberts, Samuel M. Puckett, John P. McElderry,
Louis G. Thomas and others, Shepherd Knapp,
Cyrus H. McCormick, William W. Cox, J. D.
Holman, executor of Jesse B. Holman, deceased,
and John C. Hale.
A bill (H. EL No. 325) for the relief of Isaac
Adams.
Mr. PHELPS. I object, because I think we
had better have a discussion on all these patent
extension cases.
Mr. PENNINGTON also objected.
An act (S. No. 234) for the relief of Elizabeth
V. Lomax, only surviving child of Captain Wil
liam Lindsay, of the Revolution
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to Elizabeth V. Lomax
$5,675 out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, the same being the arrears
of pension due Captain William Lindsay from
October 1, 1778, to September 1, 1797.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of the heirs
of Samuel Scott.
The act directs the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to investigate the claim of the heirs-
at-Jaw of Samuel Scott, late of the State of Vir-
giniajand if he should find, on such investigation,
they were entitled to bounty land for revolution-
ary services, under the laws of that State, and
that they failed to procuie the same for the reason
that the papers which established their right had
