892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
dent. I will read from the opinion of Attorney
General Cuslmig, upon the act of March 1,
1855. He says:
"That a diplomatic or any other commission, lawfully
granted by the President alone in the recess of the Senate,
is just as valid as if granted on the approval of the Senate,
provided it be the case of a vacancy existing m the recess,
no man doubts. I myself held such a commission, which
was not only subject to the question formerly entertained,
but now obsolete, of whether a vacancy can only exist as
the consequence of an office once filled, but to the special
question raised by the statute, which provided that the com-
mission should not he held by any person unless appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
" It was properly decided in this case, by the subsequent
vote of the Senate confirming the appointment, and the
acts performed in virtue of it, that the proviso was nuga-
tory, because in derogation of the Constitution. But a
larger inquiry is involved in such a case. Does the vacan-
cy-clause of the Constitution apply to diplomatic minis-
ters ?
"It is the undeniable fact Thate public ministers,' a
class, are created by the Constitution and the law of nation**,
not by act ot Congress. No act of Congress created the
offices of minister to Great Britain, France, Spain, Portu-
gal, the United Provinces, and other countries to winch
ministers were sent by President Washington. They weie
not even mentioned m acts of appropriation. And thought-
ful men have held that, wherever no 4 embassador5 or other
4 public minister5 exists at the moment, and the exigency
for one springs up, there is a' vacancy' in the true spirit of
the Constitution.
"Tt is quite apparent that imperative emergencies may
arise during the recess of the Senate which call for the ap-
pointment of a diplomatic agent m a perfectly new case, as
if, in flagrante hello, there be propositions of peace, which
it imports the public interest, 111 the highest degiuc, to en-
tertain, and to endeavor to bring to a piompt conclusion,
and winch demand instant action. Cannot the 1'ieaidcnt
in such case appoint a ministeiial negotiator?
" I conceive that undoubtedly he may; and that the only
questions will then be, fiist, ot the salary ot such minister,
and, secondly, of the titular designation he is to rcccjvc.
And to this* effect, it is believed, has been the unifonn piae-
tice of the Government."
********* *
"We have seen how numerous are the cases of nego-
tiating e commissioners' appointed m the recess of the Sen-
ate. Cases are not wanting of the appointment, during the
recess, of diplomatic otficeis of recognized statute denom-
inations,but to places where previously there had been no
office of the particular lank. Thus it was m the case of
Bailie Peyton, the first Envoy Extraordinary and Minuter
Plenipotentiary to Chile, appointed August 9,1845; and
Fletcher Webster, appointed April i24,1843, the first secie-
tary of legation to China.
"As to piovibional charges d'affaires, the cases are nu-
merous of their appointment by the President dumig the
recess, or by a retning minister, with the President's appio-
bation. There is a printed list of numemus appointments
of thih dencuption, oceumng between the year* 1789 and
1827, contained in a ropoit of tJi.it year rendered by the
Secretary of State (Mr. Clay) in answer to a resolution of
the House of UepiL'sentnliveh, in which Mr. Clay s.iys:
* So important is it regaided to preserve without ititeiiup-
tion the diplomatic intercouise between nations winch aie
mutually represented by minister, that, upon the death
of a minister, the secretaiy ot' legation becomes, by estab-
lished usage, ipso facto, eliniue d ntfanes until his Govern-
ment is advised and ptovides tor the event.' And he
adds, that the authority tor such appointments is believed
to be furnished by the Constitution of the United States
and the public law and us.ige of nations.—Executive Docu-
ments, Second Session Nineteenth Congress, No. 13."
Here wc have an affirmation by the chief law
officer of the Democratic Administration of the
power of the President in the recess of the Senate
to fill a vacancy, whether arising in a new case,
as where there has been no previous appointment,
or in the case of a vacancy existing by reason of
the death, resignation, or removal of a diplomatic
officer in a mission already established.
Now, what becomes of the argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, founded upon lus
erroneous assumption as to the power of the
President? That is a question for him to answer.
Mr. CADWALADER. We are acting at
present rather in a judicial than in a political
capacity, desiring to perform our duty to our
country by paying her just debts. We are not
here now as gladiators in a party contest. 1
therefore do not notice the gentleman's allusions
which treat this as if it were a mere party ques-
tion .
I had, I believe, disposed of the subject, so far
as the views of the gentleman from Maryland
were concerned. Three of the gentlemen who
have since intervened m this discussion while I
have retained the floor, have placed the question
upon a ground which deserves attention, but in-
volves considerations of a different character.
While I have not been convinced by their state-
ment of their views, I have not been startled by
the pernicious tendency of their suggestions as
I was by those of the remarks of the gentleman
whom 1 particularly rose to answer. As I am
not satisfied with the views of the gentlemen
who have thus intervened, I do not, now that I
have the floor, desire to omit discussing the case
very briefly upon the independent ground upon
which they have presented it. I pass over for the
present the suggestions of the gentleman from
Virginia as to the effect of the ratification of the
treaty by the Senate. I will return to that point.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations [Mr. Pennington] has treated the case
as if Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendleton had been
appointed by the President, during the recess of
the Senate, to what was properly an independent
diplomatic office. If this were the case in point
of fact, there would be some weight in the argu-
ment, that they should have an extra compensa-
tion, proportionate to the character of the diplo-
maticservices which they performed—not double,
or more than double pay, as is proposed now.
Bu 11 deny that this is such a case as it is assumed
to be. These gentlemen were not detached from
the courts to which they were respectively our
representatives, and appointed to an independent
diplomatic office. On the contrary, being diplo-
matic agents ofourGovernmentin South America,
they were detached as special commissioners to
perform an incidental service in another country,
to which they had, comparatively speaking, ready
access. They performed a service similar to that
performed by the three diplomatic agents of the
Government who, more recently, went to Ostend.
Their labors may have been a little more arduous,
and they probably mcuned a greater expendi-
ture.
But the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs will surely not persist in comparing these
cases to the case of a separate and independent
diplomatic mission created, in the case of an
emergency, by the President of the United States
during the recess of the Senate, and calling for
the ratification of the nomination by the Senate
when assembled. Sir, the case of those gentle-
men was not such as to have required the action
of the Senate for the confirmation of their ap-
pointments. If they had continued to be engaged
in the special service until the assembling of the
Senate, would their appointments have been laid
before that body ? Certainly not. What, then,
was their office ? It was a trip, not perhaps of
pleasure, but a trip of duty, to perform extra
diplomatic services in another country, not so
remote from the courts to which they were accred-
ited as the courts of other resident ministers of
our country abroad, it may have been, I doubt
not that it was, an arduous service, if gentlemen
say so; but it nevertheless was a service which
I deem it due to principle to say we have aright
to require from our diplomatic functionaries, as
well as from our civil functionaries at home. Take
the instance of an officer attached to one of our
custom-houses, who may be called upon to make
investigations of various kinds connected with
our revenue collection service, and to take long
journeys in the course of those investigations.
Does any one contend that such an officer is," in such
a case, justified m coming before Congress and
asking for extra emoluments? Not at all. If I
could discover, cither fiom the facts of the case,
or from the arguments urged, that Messrs.
Schenck and Pendleton were really diplomatic
agents, holding as such an independent office under
tlie Government, I would vote, not for the ex-
travagant amount of $18,000 now proposed, but
for such reasonable amount as might be appro-
priate. But I deny that this is that case at all.
it is simply the case of a salaried officer of the
Government undertaking, during the mcumbcncy
of his office, a duty which his local position ren-
ders it moie convenient for him to peiform than
any one else, and then claiming to be, in conse-
quence of it, an independent officer of the Gov-
ernment. I tlnnk that he was not such an officer.
Then, sir, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] has put a case which 1 promised to notice.
He says that the treaty negotiated by these gen-
tlemen, or by Mr. Pendleton, passed the Senate
of the United States, and he and the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations say that this
was tantamount to a senatorial confirmation of
their appointment. Well, sir, this cannot be the
case, if, as I have endeavored to show, their ap-
pointment, which never was before the Senate,
never would have been laid before that body for
confirmation. How the action of the Senate upon
a treaty with a foreign State can affect the official
character of the negotiator, I am altogether unable
to comprehend; still less do I perceive how the
Senate s action upon the treaty can create a case
for extra emoluments. This action of the Senate
does not of itself make Messrs. Schenck and Pen-
dleton independent functionaries, or confer upon
them retrospectively any particular office. The
action of the Senate, under the treaty-making
power, is altogether distinct from their participa-
tion in the appointing power. It is true that gen-
tlemen who regard the question in the aspect in
which it is presented by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia and by the gentleman from Nfcw Jersey,
may vote for this bill without any declared incon-
sistency with what I regard as fundamental prin-
ciples of our Government; but I deny that gen-
tlemen can so vote on the principles assumed by
the gentleman from Maryland, to which I now
recur for the purpose of saying that, while I was
pleased, as we all have been pleased, with the
plausibility and ingenuity with which he pre-
sented these views, yet, if we trace them to the
principles which are at their basis, they come to
this: First, that an officer, by having extra duties
assigned to him, may, upon general principles,
consider the salary of his office no longer the
standard of his compensation, regardless of the
criteria under which he has been appointed to,
and confirmed by, the Senate; and, secondly,
that the practice may be tolerated—nay, as his
argument tended to show, ought to be sanctioned
—of paying extra compensation for every act
performed by an officer which he was not bound
to do within the defined line of his duty.
Sir, we all know there have been differences of
opinion on this subject. But, as I said before, I
thought that these differences were no longer
prevalent. I thought that the principle of extra
compensation on that ground was obsolete. It
was m consequence of the ingenuity and plausi-
bility with which it was reproduced on this floor
by the honorable gentleman from Maryland, that
1 particularly desired to take part in this discus-
sion.
In regard to the other aspect of the question,
under which this has been treated as the case of
a separate diplomatic office, and which I was,
out of the line of my remarks, called on to notice,
I desire the committee to understand that I have
treated it more cursorily than its importance might
seem to require, because the course of the debate
has led me to occupy much more time than 1 had
intended.
Mr. STANTON. If I had had any doubt, Mr.
Chairman, as to how I should vote on this bill,
that doubt would have been icmoved by the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
[Laughter.] I am now confident that this claim
ought to be paid.
This question, Mr. Chairman, derives addi-
tional importance from the fact that this claim
does not stand alone. There are others of pre-
cisely the same character, resting on the same
principle, which are pending before the commit-
tee, and which will be before the House for its
action. If, therefore, the established practice and
usage of the Government, from its organization
to the present time, is to be changed now, that
change should not be made unless upon due re-
flection, and upon full and mature consideration. I
understand that this description of claim rests on
this principle; from the organization of the Gov-
ernment it has been found convenient and desir-
able, instead of dispatching new and separate
ministers where the occasion for their services was
only temporary, to detach ministers resident in
some of the neighboring countries to perform these
special services. Now the minister so dispatched
is, of necessity, compelled to incur additional
expenses—expenses which he would not incur if
he had remained m the position to which he was
originally appointed. He is required to incur
additional responsibility, to incur additional labor;
and the question would naturally very early pre-
sent itself as to whether, in such cases, he was not
entitled to increased compensation,and upon what
principle, and to what amount, that compensa-
tion was to be increased. That was a question,
of course, which must have very early presented
itself, and been settled
Now, as I understand it, the Government has
gone on the idea that it had a right to the services
of their minister at any point to which they might
think proper to detach him; but, inasmuch as he
incurred additional expense, they would treat
