166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
4
A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Taylor, Vail, Warner, -Wattans, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller — Me^rs. John P. Campbell, Bayard
Clark, Cox, Cuilen, Eiistis, Evans, Foster, J. Morrison
Harris, Hoffman, Kennm, Lake, Lindley, Alexander K.
Marshaif,' Humphrey Marshall, Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Rcaae, Ricand, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope,' Trippe,
Underwood, valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolheoffer.-
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Bishop, Cfawson, Dunn,
Edward?, Harrison,*Haveii, Moore, Bobbins, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Heijry M. Fuller.
i>'or Mr. Millson—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Brenton.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. EUSTIS (when his name was called) said:
Before I give my vote I rise to a personal ex-
planation. It was my intention, Mr. Clerk, not
to have occupied this floor until an organization
of this House had been effected; but the peculiar
complexion of the debate of Saturday last, and
the remarks which have fallen from the lips of
an honorable gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Bennett,] and which have been brought to my
notice, compel me to change the course which 1
had determined upon.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he had better wait until the roll has
been cajjed. [Loud cries of<c Let him go on!"]
Mr. EUSTIS. Were it not, sir, that in taking
the floor at this time, for the purpose of personal
explanation, I am merely following the example
of other ^gentlemen, I should certainly yield to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio. I
read, Mr. Clerk, from the speech of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] as re-
?orted in the Daily Globe of Thursday morning,
annary 3, 1856. The gentleman, after alluding
to the views taken by the Democratic party,
said:
iC Did not tlie American party in Louisiana take that
view of the eighth article of the platform, that Catholics
and foreigners were pioscrihed? When that platform was
presented, they ignored and repudiated the eighth section
of it, because of this proscription of thoae who profo'-wd
the creed of the Roman Catholic chinch—because of Us
religious intolerance. And not only that, but, unless 1 am
misinformed, the gentleman fiom Louwana, a member m
this House, who was elected by the American party in
Louisiana, which repudiated that portion of the platform,
is harmoniously acting with the American party heie in the
support of Mr, Fui,i,kr, of Pennsylvania, for Speaker.
Then I say, if they can thus unite and harmoniouxlv act
with a member of their own ouler, who has jepndiated the
principles of thou platlorui, with what propucty or con-
sistency can it be pretended upon tins floor, that we have
proscribed them, and that they cannot unite with us in the
selection of a Speaker? We have in our resolutions given
the oil mo construction to the eighth peetmu ofthe platfoim,
that their own party have given to it. and the Mime that
many Protectant religions per.odieals have placed upon it;
and, &ir, T maintain, if that ait tele m then plat lonu does not
mean to proscribe Catholics, it means nothing."
I regret exceedingly, Mr. Clerk, that the vote
which J have had the honor of giving for the hon-
orablo, the patriotic, and conservative gentleman
from Pennsylvania, should have given any con-
cern or uneasiness to (he gentleman from Missis-
sippi, more paitieulurly as I do not think that 1
require from that gentleman any prompting, or
suggestion, or any lecture—1 say it in a spirit of
kindness and of noui'esy—in regard to the course
lam to pursue, or the \otes that 1 am to give,
in this House. J am responsible,Mr, to my con-
stituents and to my political iiiendx, and to nunc
. others. I yield to lnni the broadest latitude for
the expression and. exercise of his opinions here
and elsewhere, and i claim, .sir, the same privi-
lege without any reserve or Hmilation whatsoever.
1 have voted for Mr. Fuller because lie pre-
sented himself to me as the most acceptable can-
didate. I know linn to be a sound conservative
man. I have voted for him previous to to-day;
I have voted for him to-day; and I shall continue
. to vote for him as long as he will permit his name
to be used by his friends in this House. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] I regret exceedingly that
my vote for Mr. Fuller should not meet with
the approval and sanction of the Honorable gen-
tleman from Mississippi, but £ must inform that j
gentleman that I will endeavor to bear with pa- i
ticnce and resignation lus displeasure, if 1 can |
only count upon the sanction find approval of my j
constituents and of my political friends. I
And here, Mr. Clerk, I will taku occasion to
state, in a very few words,—reserving to myself
the privilege of stating my views at greater length
on some other occasion,—what k the position of
the American party of Louisiana on the subject
of religion.^ "We hold, sir, in Louisiana, and we
hold it as a cardinal maxim—and i hope to God
that it will be so held in every State @f this
Union—that religious faith is -a question between
each individual and his God; and we consider
that any attempt to abridge or circumscribe re-
ligious freedom is unworthy of our great country,
and must be repudiated by every party in this
country. We consider that it is in violation of
the organic laws, of the land; and in that spirit
the American party in Louisiana repudiated the
eighth article df the Philadelphia platform; and,
sir, I now repudiate it in toto.* I care not, sir,
what construction gentlemen, in perfect good
faith, may be pleased to put upon it. I know
that gentlemen have addressed this House, and
told us that they meant nothing by the eighth
article of the Philadelphia platform: that is to
say, that the construction which they place upon
it could not be considered as offensive as against
American Catholics, and therefore as-inoperative
and innocent as against that class of our citizens.
But, Mr. Clerk, as I said before, I care not what
construction they put upon it. I listened with
pleasure to the remarks of the eloquent gentle-
man from the Louisville district, [Mr. Humphrey
Marshall,] and I am satisfied that that gentle-
man agrees with me entirely. I am satisfied that
the honorable gentleman from the Louisville dis-
trict does not intend to proscribe American Cath-
olics. I am satisfied that, when he says that he
is in favor of the broadest religious liberty, what
he says comcs from the bottom of his heart, and
that he stands with me, where every American
must stand, upon the broad basis of religious
liberty. [Applause in the galleries.]
But, as I said before, 1 care not what construc-
tion is put upon it. The words are there in
white and black, and they are offensive and in-
sulting to the American Catholics o£ America.
Let us look at what took place in the State of
Virginia during the last State elections What
was the construction which the American can-
didate for Governor of that State placed upon
the eighth article of the Philadelphia platform?
We all know that, in the early part of his can-
vass, that candidate published a letter in which he
said he never would vote for a Catholic. Thank
God, that gentleman was defeated,-and, sir, he
ought to have been defeated. Thoie was enough
in that letter to defeat t.(,u thousand candidates
for Governor; and I trust that eveiy man who
holds such odious and monsirous doctrines, will
over meet with as deep a political grave as the
honorable gentleman, the American candidate for
Governor of Virginia, has met with.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Bl.vnltt] when he says, if the
eighth article of the Philadelphia platform does
not mean to proscribe Catholics,it means nothing.
And, sir, what can it mean? 1 believe it means
nothing. It is a mere abstraction—a mere idle
concession to the prejudices of one class of reli-
gionists—and has no place in a national platform.
And 1 undertake to show to this House, if they
will take the declaration of the members of the
national American party upon this floor, and if
they will examine the eighth article of the Phila-
delphia platform, that they will find that it means
nothing; because the cardinal principle—the great
principle, according to my understanding—of the
American platform is this: that none but native-
born Americans should be elevated to office;
therefore, if no'ne but native-born Americans are
to be elevated to office, all foreigners are ex-
cluded—foreign Catholics are excluded, foreign
Protestants are excluded, and foreign Jews are
excluded. And they are not excluded on account
of their religion, but on account of their birth;
therefore, if foreign Catholics are excluded on
account of their birth, and not on account of their
religion, the only Catholics who remain to be
dealt with, and the only Catholics who can come
up and be considered as candidates by the Amer-
ican party, are the American Catholics. They
are the only Catholics who ,can be considered as
candidates'by the American party, because all
foreigners are excluded; and, as I said before,
foreign Catholics arc excluded by coming within
tlfet designation.
Mr. VALK. I suggest to the gentleman from
Louisiana, with groat courtesy and kindness to
him, that, at this particular stage of the proceed-
ings in the call of the roll, he should be kind
enough to suspend his remarks for the present.
[Laughter, and cries of " Go on!"]
Mr. EUSTIS. I would accept ,of the gentle-
man's suggestion, but I beg to inform him that
I have, but little more to'say. The gentlemen
whom I am addressing now are not the Dem-
ocratic party of this Mouse. The gentlemen
whom I am now addressing belong to the national
American party, and I want them to understand
distinctly where I stand. I am no Catholic, and
I have been but seldom within the walls of a
Catholic church—and that, however, is nothing
in my faVor. [Laughter.] I say I desire that
they should understand exactly where I stand;
and* I tell them that by that eighth article of the
Philadelphia platform, according to the view I
take of it, they either exclude or intend to pro-
scribe American Catholics, or they mean nothing,
because gentlemen have stated upon this floor
that they did not intend to proscribe American
Catholics. Then, gentlemen, if you mean nothing
by that article of the platform, in the name of
God strike it out, for it is a blot upon the his-
tory of our country. Every one knows, who
has given any thoughts to the prospects of this
American party, that that article has driven thou-
sands from our ranks who coincided with us m
other respects. The American people are gen-
erous, and you have excited that generosity.
They will not agree with you in this crusade
against Catholicism; and I would rather that this
right arm should wither than be connected with
any party whose purpose it is to persecute the
Catholics of this great country.
Gentlemen talk about the Papal power. The
honoiable gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Reade] the other day asked the honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] whether
he would vote for a Catholic whose religious
opinions he suspected of being hostile to the
general interests of this country. What right
has that gentleman to challenge the nationality
of his peer, his equal, and require him to purge
his conscience, before he can hold communion
with him on the footing of an American citizen ?
What right have you to denounce him as a traitor
to his country, and compel him to stand before
your bar as a criminal—as an individual hostile
to the institutions of your country?
[Here the hammer fell, the ten minutes having
expired. Cries of sc Go on !"]
jNo objection being made,
Mr. EUSTIS resumed. I tell you, gentlemen,
you have just ats much right to put your hands
m another man's pocket, to see if the money he
has belongs to htm, as to take that position to-
wards the American Catholics—as to dare to pre-
sume to ask him whether he entertains opinions
hostile to the institutions of this country.
m Gentlemen ought to recollect that here, in this
Congress, there is not a single Catholic priest.
And, for my part, I am opposed to all religious
interference^ with our political affairs. I am in
favor of maintaining and keeping up the divorce
between Church and Slate which has been estab-
lished by our great fathers. But, sir, that very
same reason which makes me a deadly enemy or
Catholic interference with our institutions, makes
me blush for my countrymen wh^n 1 see the
Protestant Church soiling its robes by draggling
them in the mire of politics. [Cries of u Hear,
hear!" and "Good!"] Your Legislatures are
filled with gentlemen who wear white cravats
and black coats. [t( Hear, hear!" and laughter.]
Your Congress has a large proportion of these
clerical gentlemen. And I ask you, with all due
respect and all due courtesy to gentlemen of the
cloth, to .show me a Catholic priest or an accred-
ited agent of the Church of Rome in this Hall.
[Laughter, and cries of " Hear, hear!"] Gentle-
men who talk about the Pope of Rome ou<?ht to
recollect that that poor old man, who is an object
of such terror to them, is now in the custody of
a guard of French soldiers.
.But, Mr. Clerk, I have consumed more time
than I desired to have done. 1 will simply close
my remarks by asking the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Reade] where he gets the authority
for thus blackballing his peers, his equals, the
Catholicswhere he gets th# authority for stamp-
ing them as the mere tools of the Pope of Rome^
whore lie gets the authority for considering them
as nnwortliy of participating in the gre^t councils
of this coiuitryr Does the gentleman find hi*
