1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
authority, or will he find it in the Constitution of
the United States? Will the gentleman find it in
the treaty between Prance ana the United States,
by which the Territory of Louisiana was ceded
to this country, and by which the religious rights
of its inhabitants were guarantied to them ? Will
the gentleman find it in the Farewell Address of
the great Father of our Country—in that address
which is so often quoted by the orators of the
American party ? Will the gentleman find it in
that great book, the Bible, on which so much
veneration has been wasted so unprofitably in
the Philadelphia platform? I will tell the gentle-
man where he will find it. He will find it in the
teachings and in the inspiration of that dark
spirit of fanaticism which is the curse of the An-
glo-Saxon race. The gentleman will find it in
that spirit by which Protestants were driven from
New England by their fellow Protestants in our
colonial days. He will find it in that spirit which
made the Episcopalians of Virginia drive away
their Puritan brethren from that State. And
where did these persecuted Puritans and Protest-
ants in general go? What spot did they choose
as an asylum in order to be protected from their
Protesant persecutors? I will tell the gentleman
where they went in those colonial times. They
went to the colony of Maryland—to that colony
whose inhabitants were under the influence of
"the aggressive policy of the Church of Rome
and its corrupting tendencies." Yes, those Puri-
tans sought a refuge in that colony which first
in the United States established the law protect-
ing every man from religious persecution.
Mr. Clerk, the American party of Louisiana
has a right to be heard; I regret exceedingly that
the only exponent of its views is myself. I re-
gret exceedingly that the pretensions of that party
are not in abler hands. But, sir, 1 will state this
much, that in evciyNatne American organiza-
tion, or in every Native American narty, the
American party of Louisiana has a right to be
heard; for, if 1 am not mistaken, the Legislature
of Louisiana was the first Legislature which
passed resolutions demanding a change in the
naturalization laws of this country.
"" 1 thank the House for the indulgence which it
has extended to me on this occasion. I vote fox-
Mr. Fuller.
Mr. READE. I do not rise, Mr. Clerk, for
any other purpose than simply to set my friend
from Louisiana [Mr. Eustts] right in respect to
a mistake which he has made as to the question
which I submitted last Saturday to the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I do not
now, as I stated I did not then, intend to discuss
this question, but I simply desire to put my
friend from Louisiana right, and I have 110 doubt
but that that gentleman wishes to be set right.
In the remarks which he has just made to the
House he represented me as asking a question
which I never did ask, and attributed to me sen-
timents which 1 expressly disavowed at the time,
and which I now disavow. The question which
I put then was a distinct question. It was re-
ported by the reporters for the House in the very
way, 1 believe, m which I put it; and there can
be no mistake about it if the gentleman will give
himself tne trouble to read it as reported. The
question which I put to the gentleman from
Georgia was this:
" Suppose a candidate fin* ofiice wore to admit to you, or
if he did not admit it, you we«e yout-eit satisfied of tin:
fact, that he held religious opinion-, incon-ihtent with tne
freedom and safety of the country, would jou vote loi
him
Mr. WALKER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Reade,] that
my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Eusxib] is not
now m the Hull.
Mr. READE. I was under the impression
that that gentleman was present. It makes no
difference, however, for I have no question to ask
him in regard to it. I only desired to put myself
right as to tlwe question which I asked, and the
sentiments which I avowed on that occasion.
They are correctly, I believe, reported by the
reporters of the I Louse, and arc to be found so
reported in the Globe of to-day. I say now, as I
said then, that, at the proper time, i shall take
occasion to set tie American party riy;ht m regard
to this question; and I only say now that the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. 'Eustis,] and every
opponent of the American party whom I have
heard speak on this floor, misrepresents the Amer-
ican party on that question. I do not mean to
say that they misrepresent the American party
purposely. I disavow any such intention. But
i do say distinctly, that every gentleman who has
spoken on this floor on that subject has begun by
misrepresenting the American party on that ques-
tion, and then by denouncing the question which
I put to the gentleman from Georgia last Satur-
day. I reiterate the same to-day to every oppo-
nent of the American party on this floor. In the
language in which I put the question then, I put
it now, and t call for an answer. Suppose a can-
didate for office were to admit to you, or, if he
did not admit it, you were yourself satisfied of
the fact, that he held religious opinions inconsist-
ent with the freedom and safety of the country,
would you vote for him?
Mr, LETCHER. Will my friend from North
Carolina allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. READE. Yes, if it be to answer that
question.
Mr. LETCHER. Well,! will,tf you answer
another.
Mr. READE. Not until you answer mine.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will tell mc whether he ever saw such
a man as that in his whole history, then I will
answer the question. I ask him if he ever saw
a man entertaining such religious ideas as ho has
put forward ? [Laughter.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I think the gentleman
from North Carolina has only the right to make
a personal explanation now, and hns no right to
yield the lioor for the purpose of discussion.
The CLERK. Not unless he yields the floor
for a question.
[The subject was here diopped.]
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, (when his name was
called,) h'uid: I feel it due to myself, as a member
of the American partv, that I should make i\
remark or two in reference to the speech of the hon-
orable gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Ecvris,]
and in reply to some other remarks which have
on various occasions fallen from honorable gentle-
men in this House, touching some of the princi-
ples of the American party.
Mr. Clerk, so far as I am personally concerned,
I stand fully committed to the countryupon nearly
every question advocated by that party, and I do
not recollecta single sentiment, orasmglc expres-
sion of mine, upon that subject, which I would
desire to recall or to modify. Sir, I will not
dodge the Roman Catholic question, or any other
of the principles of that party. I expect to live
to see the day when the party with which I am
allied, coming in contact with the other parties
in the country, in an open and fair discussion of
principles alone, distinguished from this fighting
of shadows, which our adversaries up to this
time have been engaged in, will have an opportu-
nity of presenting to the country the true issues
of Americanism.
The gentleman fiom Louisiana seemed to con-
gratulate himself that, although there were many
Protestant clergymen in this House, there was no
Roman Catholic priest. I thank God for that;
and I hope that, should this Republic stand a
thousand yearn, a Roman Catholic priest never
will be a member of Congress. [Applause in the
galleries.] And, sir, I hope with equal fervency
that no clergyman of any other denomination,
who is now a member of this House, will inter-
fere, as a politician, with any religious question
whatever. I will go as far as any man m my
opposition to the proscription of any man on ac-
count of his religion.
Hut the gentleman from Louisiana should re-
member that,although there are no Roman Cath-
olic priests in this assembly, there have b"en
Roman Catholic priests in other legislative as-
semblies, m other countries. And I ask the gen-
tleman—I ask any member of this House, hold-
ing opinions witli that gentleman, if they can
point mc to an instance when the Roman Catholic
clergy, in any convention, or in any assembly in
the world, as legislators, ever arrayed themselves
on the side of liberty? [Renewed applause in
the galleries.] When, in any country, in the
history of the legislation of the world, were the
Roman Catholic clergy arrayed on the side of the
people on the great questions of civil or religious
liberty ?
Mr. DAVIDSON, (interrupting.) I will ask
the gentleman from Alabama whether. Stephen.
Langdon was not a Catholic priest, and whether
he did not present Magna Charta to King John ?
A Member. He was not.a Catholic priest, -
Another Member. He was an. Archbishop.
So much the worse.. -
Mr. SMITH, (resuming.) Ldo not remember
the name of the distinguishedjaerson who led the
revolution which resulted iMHtestablishment of
MagnaXJharta, He may SjFbeen a Catholic
priest; but*, sir,-lie only intervened between the
Pope and the King; and the gentleman ought to
have remembered that the Pope excommunicated
every man who aided in the establishment-of
Magna Churta. [Loud and long-continued ap-
plause.] I say, Mr Clerk, that Stephen Langdon
may have been a Catholic priest, and no doubt was,
but he only intervened between the King and the
Pope; and the gentleman ought to have remem-
bered that for his agency in working out that great
chart of liberty, he with every other man who
acted with him, including the King himself, was
excommunicated by the Pope: an interdict was
laid upon the charter itself, and its great and
glorious doctrines were denounced as heresies!
Again, sir, I ask the gentleman when, in any *
assembly on the face of the earth, was the Roman
Catholic clergy ever found on the side of liberty?
When, in any contest between the people and
the tyrant, ditl the Roman Catholic clergy fail to
take sides with the existing power, whether king,
pope, or emperor.
M r. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama if he regards Charles Car-
roll, of Carrollton, as having been a friend to
liberty ?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly. I would not utter
a word against that illustrious name. He stands
revered, i n my estimation, not far below the Father
of his Country, [pointing to the picture of Wash-
ington.] That is an individual case. I am speak-
ing of the Roman Catholic clergy as legislators.
I trust, sir, that I shall never be wanting in my
veneration for any of the illustrious founders of
this Republic; and 1 am sure, sir, that no mem-
ber of the American party would hesitate a mo-
ment to do homage in memory of Charles Carroll,
of Carrollton.
A Member. But he was nota Catholic priest
at all.
Mr. LETCHER, (in his seat.) No, but he
was a Catholic, which is the same thing.
Mr. SMITH. t It is no matter whether he was
a priest or not; the American party will be the
last to forget him.
But, sir, when I was interrupted by the two or
tlnee questions which have been asked me, I was
about to revert to that Assembly in France, in
the beginning of the French Revolution, when La
Fayette and other illustrious lovers of liberty
acting with him, desired to frame a constitution
which thev hoped would restore the liberties of
France. Where were the Catholic clergy then?
Did they not in the National Assembly invari-
ably cast their votes on the side of the King,
using all their efforts to thwart the liberty party,
sometimes retiring from the hall, to produce
anarchy in legislation, and always contending
for the clergy and privileges—the Pope and the
King? I might refer you, sir, to other and nu-
merous instances, in the legislative history of
nations, to show the bearing of the Roman
( Catholic clergy to that sort of government which
j is best typified by the monarchical regulations in
i the Roman Catholic church—an essential tyrau-
I ny—its head the leading tyrant of Christendom.
! And this brings me to speak of the great funda-
i mental principles of the American party on this
i subject, it is not the religion of the Roman
I Catholic—it is his politics. I say that I object to
: the Roman Catholic, because spiritually, tempo-
s' rally, and politically, he owes an allegiance to the
i Pope, above that which he acknowledges to the
Constitution ofthe United States;and at the proper
! time, sir, I shall give to, gentlemen of this House
! the fullest, the most thorough, and complete
j authorities m reference to the points which I here
i make; and I shall defy them, not to meet my poor
i arguments, but to dispute the authorities.
j Now, sir, as to the position of the gentleman
l| from Louisiana, [Air. Eustis,] I have-only this
to say: if the Louisiana Catholics are not Roman
Catholics, they do not come within the objection
raised by the American party.
