im] appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong ^1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Smith, of Alabama.
157,
Ho. of Reps.
the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections, I feel it due to myself to give, briefly,
some of the reasons which influenced me. In the
progress of the investigation of this case before
the committee, it appeared very clear to me that
the claim set up by Governor Reeder was the
merest pretense, without the shadow of right.
Seeing no right on the part of the contestant, I
thought that the labors of the committee should
have"been brought to a close by a resolution dis-
missing the subject; and I should greatly prefer
to the resolution now before the House, one in
the following words: Whereas Governor Reeder
has failed to make a respectable showing of his
right to the seat now occupied by General Whit-
field as Delegate from the Territory of Kansas;
and whereas General Whitfield has presented a
certificate from the Governor of Kansas that he
was duly elected Delegate from Kansas by the
qualified voters of said Territory" Be it therefore
resolved, that the Committee on Elections be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
right to sit a personal right.
It will be admitted that the right to a seat in
Congress, either as a member or as a Delegate,
is a personal right. All the laws of Congress
on the subject of contested elections point to this
right as a personal right—common sense makes
it a personal right, as much so as the right to
hold the office of constable or sheriff.
This was evidently the understanding of Gov-
ernor Reeder in the beginning of this contro-
versy; for we find him moving in the premises
in conformity with the rules of law. On the 16th
day of October, 1855, lie gave General Whitfield
this notice:
" I shall contest your right to a seat in the next Congress
of the United States as congressional Delegate of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas"—"and the depositions of witnesses to
prove the invalidity of the law under which your alleged
election took place, and the illegality of votes cast for you
on the 1st day of October, instant, will be taken at the fol-
lowing times and places, before some judge, justice, or
competent person; at which times and places you may
attend, if you think proper, to cross-examine."
He sets apart the month of November, from
the 5th to the 28th, inclusive, and names the
places at which he will appear to take testimony.
But he now appears before us withoufrthe shadow
of evidence, asking Congress to adopt this most
extraordinary resolution to send for persons and
papers. And it seems, that instead of remain-
ing to meet General Whitfield at the times and
places appointed, he left the Territory. This no-
tice to General Whitfield is next followed by a
memorial to Congress, in which Governor Reeder
" That he claims to be entitled to represent the said Ter-
ritory in the Thirty-Fourth Congress as congressiomil Dele-
gate,-to the exclusion and in lieu of Hon. J. W. Whitfield,
the sitting Delegate. .... . ,
" And your memorialist further states, that he was duly
elected by a large majority of the legal voters of the
Territory to the said office of Delegate, at an election held
on the 9th day of October, which he proposes to show was
the only valid election held in the Territory for that pur-
pose."
committee abandons governor reeder.
Here Governor Reeder sets up the claim that
he is entitled to sit to the exclusion of General
Whitfield,appealing to Congress to vindicate this
personal right. Now, sir, I do not think that
the committee have a right to shift the issue here
presented by the contestant. The issue here pre-
sented is, that he, Reeder, is entitled to sit to the
exclusion of Whitfield. The committee, in their
report, abandon Governor Reeder's claim in these
words:
" The Hon. A. II. Reeder, the contestant, bases his right
to the seat on an election held at a different time—a right
to which our attention has not, as yet, keen directed, inasmuch
as tee understand no process for witnesses in relation to it is
asked by either party."
The committee, then, makes the issue between
the Legislature of Kansas and the Congress of
the United States—setting up Congress as a tri-
bunal to decide as to which of the members of
the Legislature of Kansas were entitled to seats
in that body, and which were not entitled—pre-
senting the extraordinary spectacle of Congress
deciding upon the contested seats of the whole
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas!—an as-
sumption as audacious as it is absurd, an efiort
as imprudent as it is impolitic.
That the committee have not only abandoned
Governor Reeder and his claim, but have delib-
erately shifted the issue as presented in his me-
morial, is made more evident by the following
paragraph from the majority report, page 9:
" The reasons assigned for the failure of the attempt to
take depositions have appeared to yo.ir committee satisfac-
tory and sufficient; and we may add that, had there ecen
been the most undoubted neglect in that particular, your com-
mittee would have deemed it their duty to obtain evidence
of the facts, not so much fir the sake of the contestant, as for
the grave issues made up before the House and the whole
country. The severe allegation made by the contestant, of
a most extraordinary and deliberate attempt on the part of
a high offieerofthe Government—the Secretary of the Ter-
ritory—to withhold all copies of papers in his office, would
seem to be almost incredible, did not the contestant delib-
erately aver the fact and his readiness to prove it."
Governor Reeder is abandoned as a contestant,
but retained as a witness; and the committee not
only shifts the issue from Governor Reeder and
General Whitfield to Congress and the Kansas Le-
gislature, but absolutely retains Governor Reeder
as a witness to impeach the Secretary of Kansas.
The claim, as set up by the contestant, is lost
sight of completely, and the committee arraigns
the Kansas Legislature and the Secretary of
Kansas Territory!—presenting an impeachment
of an officer, in effect, without the forms of law
required for so solemn a procedure.
Sir, I do not admire this effort to shove Gov-
ernor Reeder out of the public view. He is to
be shuffled down to the bottom of the pack, and
another Jack, in the shape and with the fcrocious
aspect of Draco, as personifying the laws of
Kansas, is to be turned up. To say the least of
this, it is disingenuous—adodge of the legitimate
question, a mere quibble unworthy of the grav-
ity of an American Congress. That Governor
Reeder has inspired even his friends with infinite
disgust by the feebleness of his exertions to sus-
tain his claim, by his self-stultification in repu-
diating his own Legislature, and by his flounder-
ing efforts to avoid the responsibility of his own
certificates and his own official acts, there is but
little doubt. The figure he occupies in the pic-
ture is certainly not calculated to promote the
designs of his party. But, sir, I am not willing
that he should be lost sight of in the controversy
which he has provoked. Not only is Governor
Reeder abandoned by the committee, but by some
of his friends. The honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says, distinctly, referring
to Reeder, "he is no contestant;" and the same gen-
tleman argues elaborately and ably against the
validity of the acts of the Kansas Legislature,
referring, in the course of his remarks, to the
exciting questions arising out of the affairs of
Kansas, which have for so long filled the public
newspapers.
gov. reeder assailing his own legislature.
| This Legislature of Kansas, which the gentle-
man assails >. and which had been elected pursu-
ant to Governor Reeder's proclamation, author-
| ized by enactment that the election for Delegate
to Congress should take place on the 1st day of
October, 1855. On that day an election was held;
General Whitfield, the sitting Delegate, was
elected without opposition, receiving some two
thousand nine hundred votes.
Governor Reeder was not then a candidate for
Congress, and had been removed from the office
of Governor oiily about ten days. It is admitted
that General Whitfield was elected under the act
of the Legislature. Governor Reeder claims_ to
have been elected on the 9th day of October, nine
days after the regular election, and it is admitted
that this election on the 9th of October was not
authorized by any law. But it is contended that
the Legislature was composed of usurpers; that
therefore their acts are void; and that their acts
being void, the peaceable act of the people of Kansas
in electing Governor Reeder on the Qth (Mr. Bing-
ham's speech) is of as binding force as the elec-
tion of General Whitfidd under an invalid statute.
Yet this statute was passed by a Legislature which
was acting under the certificate of Governor
Reeder, the contestant. He not only authorized
the election by proclamation, but upon the returns
he gave certificates to alT the members except
eight. The legal questions arifflftg upon the facts
of this case are closed. The gravest objection is,
that the Legislature adjourned from one town to
another. The supreme court of the Territory has
already decided that it had the power; and the
question of the illegality of the election of the
Legislature is not only beyond the reach of Con-
gress, but is outside of this case as applicable to
the rights of Governor Reeder, he having recog-
nized said Legislature.
perfection of legislation not to be expected
in new territories.
Can you expect perfection of legislation in a
border Territory? The legislator, as-well as the
pioneer, must adapt himself to the inconveniences
of wilderness life. The law is no less sacred when
made in a log hut than when made in the loftiest
capitol. You can neither expect the perfection of
law nor the graver formalities of the higher order
of legislation. In the first Territorial Legislature
of Alabama, history informs us that "J ames Titus
was the only member of the Senate. He sat alone,
and decided upon the acts of the lower House;
and adjourned and met again with a formality quite
ludicrous!'' Nobody ever thought of impeaching
any law of the Territorial Legislature of Alabama
simply because the Senate was composed of a
single man; although a quibbler might say that
the word senate has the plural signification ot a
number of persons.
But it is contended by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] that
" This pretended legislation of Kansas violates the Con-
stitution in this—that it abridges tile freedom of speech and
of the press, and deprives persons of liberty without due
process of law, or any process but that of brute force, while
the Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law
abridging the freedom of speech or of tile press ; and it ex-
pressly prescribes that' no person shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law.' "
If the acts of the Legislature of Kansas arc
violative of tlie Constitution, is this the place, or
is this the tribunal, to settle the question? The
courts of competent jurisdiction^ are to decide;
and the legitimate way to do this is upon the trial
of some person indicted for violating the law.
the laws of kansas not new.
Gentlemen seem to be astonished at the laws
of Kansas on the subject of slavery. They are
described by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Cumback] as " more bloody than the laws of
Draco; more at war with the rights of man than
ever emanated from the throne of the most abso-
lute despotism; more disgraceful to our republican
Government than anything that has occurred
since its formation."
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] in speaking of these laws, exclaims:
" Has the world see%£nything like it since Draco wrote
his laws in blood? Consider it, and then tell me whether
there are not upon its face ' proofs as strong as Holy Writ,
that it never emanated from a Legislature chosen by free-
men to represent freemen—that such atrocious legislation
never was enacted by the mere servants of a free people
for the government of their masters, by creatures for the
control of their creator."
I tell these honorable gentlemen that Draco has
been abroad in all the southern States. These
laws of Kansas are but copies of the laws which
have been in existence in nearly all the southern
States and southern Territories. Here are the
Kansas laws, so loudly complained of by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] That gentle-.
man says:
" I find on page 715, 716, and 717 of this volume of Kan-
' sas laws, passed by this Territorial Assembly, an enactment,
by the fourth section of which it is made a felony, punish-
able with death, for any person to carry away out of that
Territory any slave belonging to another, with intent to
effect the freedom of such slave;
" And by the fifth section of which it is made a felony,
punishable" with death, to aid in persuading to send nny slave
belonging to another out of said Territory, to effect his
freedom; •
" That by the seventh section it is felony, punishable with
five years' imprisonment, for any person to aid a slave in
escaping from the service of his master, or to aid or harbor
any slave who has escaped from his master;
" That by the eleventh section thereof it is made a. felony,
punishable by five years' imprisonment, to print, or circu-
late, or publish, or aid in printing, circulating, or publishing,
within said Territory any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine,
handbill, or circular, containing any sentiment calculated to
induce slaves to escape from the service of their masters;
" That by the twelfth section thereof it is a felony, pun-
ishable with imprisonment for two years, for any free per-
son, by speaking or writing, to assert that persons have not
the right to hold slaves in said Territories, or to circulate
there any book containing any denial of the right ot any
person to hold slaves in said Territory."
If the gentleman will examine the statutes of
the southern States—statutes dating back in many
