•*58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Smith, of Alabama.
Ho. or Reps.
States to territorial existence—he will find similar
laws. These laws have been found to be neces-
sary for the protection of property, te prevent
"wholesale murders, and to crush insurrections.
They have never excited at the North such in-
tense hostility as the laws of Kansas seem now
to excite. They have never been dragged before
the country by any party, for any purpose. No
committee of this House have ever thought it
necessary or proper to attack any Territorial
Legislature in times past for any of these Draco
Jaws, as they are now called. Why this excite-
ment now, sir? *
who are the traitors.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] who has just spoken, exclaims, " Treason
stalks abroad in Kansas!" Very likely, sir; but
treason is not over public in its movements; there
is something dark, and hidden, and sly, and secret
about treason. Treason never assumes a bold
front until it is detected; its boldness is the off-
spring of desperation; and treason never ceases
to claim to be right, though never so wrong.
That outrages have been committed in Kansas,
I «m perfectly willing to admit—outrages against
the decencies and proprieties of government, of j
law, and of order. But I may differ with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell]
as to who the traitors are; and I may contend that
the treason of which he complains has been com-
mitted by the very persons whom he would now
•defend. I know of no man, sir, who is more
eminently worthy to be called the fomenter of
treasonable excitements than the quondam con-
testant of General Whitfield's seat—Governor
Reeder—who is now made to occupy the unen-
viable position of a sort of qui tam informant!
As between the " emissaries" of the emigrating
aid societies and the " border ruffians" of Mis-
souri; I would say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] there is more mischief
in a sly man than in a bold one; there is more devil
in a sneak than in a bully.
effects of wilderness life.
Are the public outrages in Kansas unparalleled ?
■No, sir. They find their history already told in
the records of the rise and growth of each of the
States of this Union. Turbulence, violence, blood-
shed, robbery, and murder, mark the scenes of
«very border settlement. The wilderness is a 1
poor nurse for the gentler qualities of human na-
ture. The presence of the bear and the panther,
■the wolf and the viper, insensibly attaches-mo-
roseness to the character of the pioneer. The
dark forest with its dangers cultivates the harsher
features of the man; and there the milder traits
©f civilization yield gradually to the ferocious in-
stincta of the savage. I know, sir, that the songs
of the poets and the pictures of fancy may be
"brought to contradict these conclusions. The j
Druid may worship in his wilderness of oaks,
and find in it God s chosen temple. The ideal
voluptuary may exclaim,
" Oh, that the desert were my dwelling-place,
With one fair spirit for my minister 1"
The dreaming hermit may wish for
"A lodge in some vast wilderness—
Some boundless contiguity' of space,
Where rumor of oppression and deceit—
£)f unsuccessful and successful wars,
Might never reach me more."
But poetry and fact do not always go hand in
hand together; and the history of men and nations
proclaims aloud that ferocity is a part of border i
life. When Ishmael was driven into the wilder-
ness, " his hand was raised against every man., and
every man's hand against him."
Are the public outrages in Kansas unparalleled?
Have we not seen and heard of similar scenes of
violence in all parts of thig country ? Is the mem-
ory of tke early history of Arkansas, Texas,
Missouri, and California, already blotted out? Is
not the ubiquitous Judge Lynch still presiding in
the border States as well as in the Territories, with
his lash, his pillory, and his cord? Governor
Reeder makes a great to-do over a single instance
of the execution of lynch law in Kansas ? Con-
gress is to be aroused, at this late day, with fury
m every faee, tearing its hair with excited rage,
at one single instance of lynching, when the dep-
redations of this American Jeffreys are as com-
mon in the border States as coon hunts and fox
chases. Have we not seen in California, very I
lately, whole companies of armed men in mortal i
conflict, fighting over the right to dig a certain
spot of earth? Have we not seen race arrayed
against race in that State, the Americans driving
the foreigners—Chinese—from the mines? Has i
Congress been excited upon these questions?
Even in the older States, do we not see, year
after year, the most violent outrages committed [
on the ballot-box ? Are not the election precincts
frequently invaded, and the polls taken possession
I of by city mobs, either native or foreign? In j
! Louisiana, judging from the following advertise-
' ment, the grossest outrage has been committed j
on the ballot-box:
"A Heavy Reward Governor WicklifFe, of Louisiana,
has offered a reward of one thousand dollars for such in-
formation as will lead to the apprehension and conviction
of the persons who broke the ballot-boxes at the seventh
and ninth precincts in New Orleans, on the night of the
5th of November, 1855. This measure has been adopted in
accordance with the recommendation of the late grand
jury in their report to the first district court."
Is Congress called on to send for persons and
papers in this case ? No, sir. The election is
contested; and the contestant will be required to
bring the evidence here at his own expense.
Here is another case of enormity in an old
State:
" Infamous Conduct.—At the recent election for mu-
nicipal officers in Chicago, a gang of lawless Irish ruffians
took possession of the polls of the seventh ward, and as-
saulted and drove off every person whom they thought
intended voting the American ticket."
Sir, I might multiply cases similar to these.
There is no use to do it. The country is familiar
with these every-day occurrences. Congress will
not, and should not, have anything to do with
these cases. They belong to the law; and if there
is no law in Kansas to provide against them, I
! will help to make a law to reach every man who,
in any shape, shall presume to interfere with the
elective franchise.
object of this excitement to advance the
future interest of party.
Well, sir, on the subject of outrages I have
shown that the turbulent scenes and acts com-
plained of in Kansas, instead of being remarkable
and marvellous, are but the ordinary occurrences
of the times in the border Territories; and that,
even in the States, the disturbances in Kansas
have their common and every-day reflection.
Why is it, sir, that these scenes in Kansas, which
are so common in the other Territories and in the j
States, should now absorb so much of the atten- !
tion of Congress ? Why shall this state of affairs !
in Kansas induce Congress to adopt this most un-
usual and expensive mode of investigation, as
recommended by the committee ? It is not to be
disguised, sir, that the future success of a rampant
party is the moving and stirring cause of all this
excitement. t
I have said, sir, that the public outrages in Kan- '
sas were not without parallel in our history. But
there have been outrages in Kansas, deliberate
and designed, which are without parallel: I mean
those which are committed in the dark by the
quiet but deadly maneuvering of those ingenious
peace men who, with a puritanical devotion to
human liberty, utter speeches which are slobbered
all over with treason. When I use the word
puritanical, I do not mean a slur upon the old
Puritan: I revere his ancient character. The
glories of the Revolution cluster atft>ut him. Val-
or in war, courage amid dangers, fortitude in
distress, perseverance in adversity, and forbear-
ance and liberality in prosperity—all these qual-
ities distinguish the nabits and illustrate the
character of the Puritans, millions of whose de-
scendants I believe still to be worthy of their sires.
But the words puritanical and pharisaical have
grown to be synonymous; and I apply the phrase
to that class of fanatics who, under the deceitful
veil of misnamed philanthropy, form what they
please to call " emigrant aid societies," with the
view and for the well-known purpose of hurry-
ing to a new Territory crowds of dependents, who,
in their poverty and necessity, sell the privilege
of future free-thought, and purchase homes by the
surrender of the libertjp of conscience. That these
emigrating aid societies are purely political no-
body ^ doubt. A gigantic company was incor-
porated by the Legislature of Massachusetts, with
a capital of $1,000,000. Cither under this charter,
i or outside of it, by taking deeds of trust from the
emigrant to the company, arrangements arc per-
fected by which, as they say, " the emigrant
may be protected, a free State may be secured,
and valuable property secured to the subscribers."
" The emigrant aid company propose to give con-
fidence to the settler by giving system to emigra-
tion. By dispelling the fears that Kansas will be
, a slave State, the company will remove the only
j bar which now hinders its occupation by free
j settlers." These are now some of the sentiments
i publicly avowed; and upon these societies should
be thrown a part, at least, of the responsibilities
for the outrages committed in Kansas.
gov. reeder stigmatizing his constituents.
I have said that I was unwilling for Governor
I Reeder to be lost sight of in this controversy. I
wish to hold the House to the issue originally
tendered by him: That, by virtue of a certain
election he was entitled to a seat in this Hall to
the exclusion of General Whitfield. And, sir,
for a man claiming to be a representative of an
intelligent people, what a singular position does
Governor Reeder occupy ! He arraigns his con-
stituents before the world asrebels ; he says, " the
great mass of the people of Kansas" refuse to
acknowledge the laws, or to " recognize the offi-
cers"of law. Again, he says of his constituents:
u The will of men has been already almost entirely substi-
tutedfor the administration of justice; and, as I have shown,
there seems to be no disposition on the part of those who have
seized upon the legislative power to put in motion any system
of law in the administration of justice. Trespasses, assaults,
and murders are openly committed, and no one thinks of
appealing for redress to the laicy because from that source no
redress can be had." * * * In a wordy menace, intimida-
tionj and improper influences are rife in the Territory, espe-
cially along the border. Men's rights are held in no regard ;
official authority commands no respkct, and seems
to have no restraining tendency or power; and the peace of
the country hangs by a thread
H ere you have a description of the people of
the Territory of Kansas—a people whom Gov-
ernor Reeder aspires to represent ! Did the world
ever before witness a representative, standing up,
and in the face of the world, stigmatizing his con-
stituents in this way ? And note the inconsistency.
He cannot escape und er the plea that these epithets
only apply to Ins enemies. He slanders them all.
The great mass refuse to obey the laws, or lo recog-
nize the officers of law.
Here one class is denounced, and this class con-
tains the great mass of the people. Outside of this
"great mass" are the office-holders, and they
come in for their share of his abuse in these
words: " There seems to be no disposition on the
part of those who have seized upon the legislative
power to put in motion any system of law. After
disposing of the "great mass" of citizens and of
the office-holders, he consigns the balance to per-
dition, thus:
" Trespasses, assaults, and murders are openly committed,
and no one thinks of appealing for redress to law, because
from that source no redress can be had."
Note the inconsistency: "The great mass "
refuse to " acknowledge the law," or to " recog-
nize the officers " of law ! Yet " no one thinks of
appealing for redress to the law," because " from
that source no redress can be had." Here the Gov-
ernor is^caught. The reason here assigned as the
because is, 41 from that source no redress can be had."
But the other reason assigned by him, is "the
great mass refuse to acknowledge the law." Can
you expect a man who refuses to acknowledge
the law to appeal to the law?
Again, he says:
" Men's rights are held in no regard—official authority
commands no respect, and seems to have no restraining ten-
dency of power."
Why does " official authority " command no
respect ? Because, in Governor Reeder's words,
the " great mass" of the citizens "refuse to ac-
knowledge the law " or to " recognize the officers."
And this great mass are that portion of the citizens
whom Governor Reeder aspires to represent.
His particular friends yield " no respect to official
authority "—hence the conclusion follows irresist-
ibly, that this extraordinary conduct of the
" great mass," whom he claims to represent,
is the reason why " men's rights are held in no
regard."
1 do not believe, sir, that any genuine repre-
sentative could be induced so to arraign his con-
stituents before the world. If the people of Kan-
