1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89$
and destroyed by the Indians, as included in his
account filed with the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
Section three enacts that the contract heretofore
entered into by .said William M. F. Magraw, for
the transportation of the mails on said route, be,
with the assent of said Magraw, annulled from
and after the 18th day of August, 1856; and that
the Postmaster General be authorized and re-
quired to let said contract for the term of four
years from said day, and to advertise for propo-
sals therefor.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to inquire whether there
is a recommendation for this from the Post Office
Department?
Mr. WALKER. I will answer the gentleman
from New York, with the consent of the House.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
60, nays G4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett, Boyce, John P. Campbell, Caiuthers, Claws>on,
Clingman, Covode, Cox, Davidson, Day, Dowdell, Edic,
Eustis, Flagler, Goode, Greenwood, J. Momson Harris,
Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L. H«ms, Herbert, Hoffman,
Jewett, Kennett, Knight, Lake, Samuel S. Marshall, Mill-
ward, Nichols, Norton, Oir, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter,
Powell, Purviance, Uuitman, Ready, Ritchie, Sewaid,
Shorter, William 11. Smith, Sr eed, Stewait, Swope,
Trippe, Tyson, Valk, Wakeinan, Walker, Warner, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Wells, Whitney, Wood, and Zollicoffer—
60.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Rarksdale, Iionry Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Buffinton, Burnett,
James II. Campbell, Ctiaffee, Ezra Clark, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cidige, Ciawtord, Damrcll, Dodd,Emue, Faulk-
ner, Fo;«ter, Guldmgs, Harlan, Haven, lloilowav, Geoige
W. Jones, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lumpkin, Ilumphiey i
Marshall, Matte:*on, McCarty, Mooie, Moijun, Molt, Mm-
ray, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pelton, Pennington, Periy,
Pettit, Pike, Pringlc, Pmveai, Robbins, Ruftm, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Stanton, Tappan, Thurston, Tralton, Wade,
Waldrori, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Warfhbui a,
Wheeler, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodwoith
—64.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, stated
that his colleague [Mr. Jones] had paired oil with
Mr. Stranahan, for the present week.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (on his name being
called.) I desire to say, that during las>t week I
was detained from the House in consequence of
the sickness of a member of my family, and that
I have paired off for this week with Mr. Miller,
of New York. I therefore decline to vote.
CONTESTED SEAT OF MR. EUSTIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am dircctcd
by the Committee of Elections to present a report
in the case of the contested seat of Air. Eustis, of
Louisiana.
The report was read. It sets forth that, in the
case of Mr. Fabre, who had presented a memo-
rial claiming the seat of Mr. Eustis, of Louisiana,
no appearance having been made before the com-
mittee by or on the behalf of Mr. Fabre, and
no testimony in support of his memorial having
been submitted to them, the committee recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be discharged
from the fuaher consideration of the niymonal of Albert
Fabre, JC^q., claiming a seat as a Rcpt escntative in Congi ess
from the State of Louisiana.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will state that I have
been informed by one of the colleagues of the
sitting member, that there will probably be no
contest in this case. Under that information the
Committee of Elections have decided to recom-
mend the adoption of the resolution which I have
submitted.
The resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the call of committees for reports.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS—SINE DIE.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the consent of
the House to offer the following resolution, for
which, if objection be made, i shall move a sus-
pension of the mles:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
pro tempore of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, adjourn their icspecnve Houses for the
piesciit *es*ion, on Monday the 14th day of July next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object.
Mr. COBB. I move to suspend the rules,
Mr. WAKEMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
85, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Boyce, Brenton, Burnett, James H. Campbell,
John I\ Campbell, Caiuthers, Chaffee, Bavaid Ciaik,
Clingman, Covode, Cox, Crngin, Ciaige, Crawioid, David-
son, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Momson Harris, Samp&on W. Harris, Thomas L. Ilauis,
Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Knox, Kunkel,Lake, Lumpkin,
Mace, Humphrey Manshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeMiillm, Smith Miller, Milhvard, Mooie, Mott, Mmrav,
Noitoji, On, Paine, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Puryeai, Quitman, Reade, Heady, Kufhn,
Scott, Seward, Shoiter, William R. Smith, Stanton, Stew-
ait, Trippe, Tyson, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wheclei, Wil-
liam*, Winslow, Woodworth, and Zolheolfei—8f>.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barclay, llemy Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Buffinton, Butlmgame, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Cumback, Damrcll, Henry Winter Davis, Dick,
Dodd, Edie, Emue, Flagler, Guldmgs, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Kclsey, Knapp, Knowlton, Matu>on,McCaity,
Moigan, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Pelton, Pettit, Pike,
Prmglo, Ritchie, Robbing Satin, Sage, Sapp, Savage, Sim-
mons, Snecd, Spinnei, Tappan, Thurston, Tiafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Waldiori, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu 13.
Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wells, Whitney,
Wood, and Woodiuff— 57.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the ruins were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB (when his name was called) stated
that he had paired off until to-morrow with Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio; otherwise, of course, he
should have voted for his own resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (when his name
was called,) said:
Mr. Speaker, not being prepared to see the
Kansas investigation strangled, and being unwill-
ling to prejudice the application of Kansas for
admission into the Union as a free State, and to
commit the rights and liberties of her people to
the tender mercics and uncheckcd discretion of
the President of the United States, 1 vote no.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired off
generally with Mr. Horton, of Ohio, out upon
consultation with the gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Harlan,] he had been assured that he should I^e
at liberty to vote upon this question, and believ-
ing that the House could transact all its legitimate
business before the 14th of July next, he should
vote ay. [Cries of " Older I"]
Mr. NICHOLS stated that nis colleague [Mr.
Day] was detained from the House in conse-
quence of indisposition.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, the
bill of the Senate (No. 187) making appropria-
tions for the payment of certain claims, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
COMMERCE OF THE WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] on leaving the city, asked
me to offer the following resolution; which I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to offer:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War communicate to the
House such information as may be in the possession of his
Impairment on the following subjects:
Fit it, The amount and value of the commerce of the
Ohio and all other western rivers, also the navigable length
of said uveis ;
Second, The amount and value of the tonnage of said
nveis, distinguishing, as far as piacticable, between steam-
boats and other craft;
Thud, The amount and value of all the commerce and
tonnage ot all canals connecting with said livers ;
Fourth, The extent and cost of the raihoads connecting
with said riveu-, and the eos>t of the equipments thereof, and
al*o the number of tons of fieight moved by said railroads,
and the cost of ti asportation per mile ; and
Fifth, The ieiahve value tor military defensive purposes
of all the western nveis, canals, and railroads, as now sev-
erally piovided with means of transportation.
Mr. SEWARD objected.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; two thirds of the
members present having voted therefor.
The resolution was then considered andadopted.
PLURALITY OF WIVES.
Mr. BALL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to oifer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of the enactment by Congress
of a law prohibiting, under appropriate penalties, any per-
son who may have been married, and who at the time may
have a husband or wife living, from intermarrying or co-
habiting with another, within any of the territory of the
United States; anything m any law, regulation, or usage in
such temtory to the contrary notwithstanding. And if the
said committee shall deem such regulation expedient that
they shall prepare and leport to this House a bill to that
effect with as little delay as may be convenient.
Mr. ORR. I object for the benefit of my neigh-
bor, [Mr. Bernhisel.] -
Mr. BALL moved to suspend the rules, and
demanded the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeaa
85, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Bingham, Bliss, Bienton, Buffinton, Burhngame, James
H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson. Collar, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cumback. Damrell,
Dean, Dodd, Duifee, ISdie, Emue, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Har-
lan, llavcn, Iiolloway, Thomas R. Hoiton, Kclsey, Ken-
nott, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkelj Mace,
Matteson, McCaity, Smith Miller, Millvvard, Moore, Mor-
gan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Reade,
> Ready, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons,
j Snced, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Tliurston, Trafton,Ty-
| son, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson.
Welch, Weils, Whitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, ana
Zollicoffer—8.r).
NAYS2—Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Biooks, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Caruthevs, Bayard Clark, Clingman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Ciatgc, Ciavvfoid, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eustis, Florence, Foster,
Goode. Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Her-
beit, George W. Jones, Kelly, Lake, Lindlcy, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulhn, Mott, Nichols,
Orr, Peck, Phelps Puryear, Ciuitman, Ituffin, Sabin, Sav-
i age, Sewaid, Shorter, William It. Smith, Spinner, Stcw-
uit, Tuppe, Valk, Warner, Wheeler, and Win&low—56.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
enabling me to submit a resolution, which motion
I suppose, takes precedence of the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
take precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. CORK, of Georgia. I wish to inquire of
the Chair if there arc not special orders made for
to-morrow, and if this is not the last day for the
consideration of the deficiency bill before the
special orders come up?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the general appropriation bills are assigned for
to-morrow, as special orders in committee.
Air. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Phelps's
motion; and it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 61, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Baiksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Brenton, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James II. Campbell, Caruthers. Bayard Clark,
Clawson, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode,
Cox, Ciaige, Crawford, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dow-
dell, Faulkner, Floience, Fo-tei, Giddmg. , Goode, Augus-
tus Hall, J. Mormon Ham-i, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas
li. Harris, Haven, Holloway, Jewett, Gooige W. Jonori,
Kennett, Kidwell, KmgM, Landley, Lumpkin, Mace, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, MeMulhn, Smith Mil-
ler, MiJJward, Moore, IVichols, Noiton, Peck, Pettit, Phelps,
Poiter, Puryear, Reade, Robbins, Ruffin, Sabm, Scott,
Shorter, William R. Smith, Snecd, Stanton, Stcwau,
Swope, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson, Vaik, Waldron. Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood,
and Zollicoffer—81.
NAYS—Messrs, Albright, Henry Bennett, Benson, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Cragm,
Cumback, Daimeil, Dean, Dodd, Duifee, Emue, Flagler,
Gilbert, flailan, Hetbeit, Thomas R. Hoiton, Kclsej,
Knapp, Knowlton, Matte^on, Morgan, Mott, Muriay, An-
djevv Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Perrv, Pike, Powell, Pimglc,
Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Sage, Sapp, Sewaid, Simmons,
Spinner, Tappan, Tiafton, Wadfc, Wakeman, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elihu B. Washburne, Wael Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Wells, Woodiuff, and Woodworth—54.
So the motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stanton in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 68) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropi iationa for the
