896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1856.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee was last in session it had under consider-
ation the following amendment of the Senate:
For continuing the wort on the Washington aqueduct,
$300,000.
• The pending question being on the motion of
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] to
add at the end of the amendment of the Senate
as follows:
Provided, That the same, together with the amount here-
tofore paid by Congress, shall not exceed the relative pro-
portion of the value of the Government pioperty, as com-
pared with that belonging to private citizens within the
corporate limits of Georgetown and Washington cities.
Mr. TRIPPE. I had prepared an amendment
which I desired to offer as a substitute for the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Crawford,]
but, as I have not that amendment now before
me, I will state the substance of it. I wish to
accomplish the same object as my colleague; but
I am willing to be a little more liberal than his
amendment would indicate. I move to add at the
end of the Senate amendment the following:
Provided, That the citizens or corporations of George-
town and Washington will subscribe or appiopriate a sim-
ilar amount.
Mr. Chairman, the difference between the
amendment of my colleague and mine is this:
He proposes—and it seems to me that the propo-
sition is impracticable—that there shall be an
assessment of the property held by the Govern-
ment and thaf held by the coiporations and citi-
zens of Washington and Georgetown. Now,
sir, I am willing to .settle the question at once, if
it is to be settled at all. I propose that these
citizens and corporations shall appropriate or sub-
scribe an equal amount with that paid by the
Government.
Mr. Chairman, as I have but a few moments,
I here take occasion to protest solemnly against
the position assumed here by some gentlemen,
and which, I have no doubt, will settle the ques-
tion before the committee; and it is this: that be-
cause we have gone one inch into this matter, we
must go the whole ell—that because we have
appropriated $350,000, we must stand commit-
ted irrevocably to $3,500,000,.or $5,000,000, or
$10,000,000. I do not believe that the day of
grace has passed. There is a. locus penetenlitz, and
now is the time for repentance in this matter. I
believe that there ought to be repentance, and that
it ought to come now. Suppose we do lose
$350,000. I am, for one, willing to sink it, and to
sink it so low that no financier, however daring,
would attempt to reach it, before I would agree
that we should be committed irrevocably to an
endless amount of appropriation, by way of gift,
to Washington, Georgetown, or any other spot
on God's footstool.
I am of opinion that the matter was started on
wrong principles, it is founded on no claim
whatever. Why, sir, New York can come in, and
any place in the United States can come m here
and claim similar appropriations to the one now
under cpnsideration, on the same principle and
argument advanced in its favor at this, at the last,
and at previous sessions of Congress. New York
may come here, and on the ground that there are
there some seven hundred, or eight hundred, or
one thousand representatives of the Government
—public functionaries—in that city, ask to be
supplied with pure water from some river in its
vicinity. Indeed, those connected with the Cro-
ton aqueduct of New Yoik have as much right
to ask from Congress an appropriation to meet
the expenses incurred in the construction of that
work, or for the building of any contemplated
work of a similar character, as the city of Wash-
ington has to ask this appropriation which has
been attached to this bill by the Senate.
We are pursuing a policy which will tend to
render the citizens of this District—of Washing-
ton and Georgetown—more deserving of tlie
character in which I have been compelled, in
some degree, to look at them—as people looking
to us for all help—as people who will, if we give
them an ounce, ask fur a pound; and who, if we
give the pound, turn on the very representatives
of the different constituencies of these United
States on this floor and m the Senate, and ask to
be paid higher prices for accommodation, prices
founded on the very consideration that we have
been liberal to them. My colleague [Mr. Sew-
ard] well said the other day that this thing would
go to enrich landlords, and put into their hands a
powerful engine for the oppression of tenants.
Unfortunately we are some of those tenants; and
I am now called on as one of the Representatives
of the American people to vote money for my
landlord, who is to turn around and use it as an
engine of extortion against me. I use the word
extortion feelingly. 1 apprehend that every man
upon this floor understands it.
I wish to strike at the root of the matter. I
will sink the §350,000 already appropriated so
low, that never again shall we hear of a cent of
it, rather than this Government shall be commit-
ted to boundless appropriations for this work.
I will strike at it at once.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that the action of this committee should be
guided by a calm and considerate examination of
the proposition before it. We should guard our-
selves against even the possibility of being led
astray by passionate and vehement declamation,
such as that which we have just heard from the gen-
tleman from Georgia. Though notamember of the
last Congress, I understand that appropriations
heretofore for this work were based on estimates
presented to this body by a gentleman in all
respects qualified, from his eminent scientific at-
tainments, to secure its confidence in his integrity
and capacity for the undertaking. I understand
that, in those estimates, his calculation of the
amount necessary to perfect these water-works—
works designed not only for the comfort and ac-
commodation of the citizens here, but for the
health of officers of the Government, as well as
that of visitors, and the protection of the govern-
ment property—was $2,300,000. It must be
observed, that in the very face of this large susn—
when this House was apprised by a competent
officer, that that amount would be necessary to
place this work in a full state of completion—this
body made an appropriation of §350,000. I take
it that no man on this floor gave his vote for this
appropriation without being cognizant of the esti-
mates on which it was asked. It seems to me that
opposition to further appropriation—still being
within the limits of the estimates—is another real-
ization and illustration ofthe old maxim, "Penny-
wise and pound-foolish." If the House voted
understandingly at the last session for the ap-
propriations then made, I confess that I see no
reason why we should draw the purse-strings of
the Treasury now. It seems to me that no debate
is admissible on a case of this sort. We know
the amount expended in the erection of our public
buildings. We know the danger daily and hourly
incurred by a want of a sufficient supply of water
to extinguish fires in them whenever they may
originate. These reasons shall influence me to
vote for the appropriation m the Senate's amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Crawford's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Kennett were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to strike out
$299,000 of the proposed appropriation. Every
gentleman who has been a resident of the city of
Washington for any length of time is doubtless
prepared to appreciate the importance, for his
own eomfoit, of having this city well provided
with water; but, sir, I fully agiee with the re-
mark of the gentleman from Georgia, and I would
like to know upon what ground of justice it is
that Congress shall furnish this eity with water,
and yet withhold from the eitips of New York,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and all other cities of the
Union where the Government has public build-
ings and public officers, a supply of water to pre-
serve the public property there ? You cannot, as
consistent legislators, refuse to deal out to them
the same even-handed justice which you deal out
to this city.
But, sir, I desire to know upon what ground
of justice it is, that property-holders of this city
and Georgetown are not to pay afairproportion of
the cost of the work ? You have just adopted an
amendment to that effect. But, sir, my object
in rising was to call the attention of the Com-
mittee to this fact: that you will make money by
surrendering the appropriations already made, to
the amount of $350,000, and advertising and let-
ting out this work by contract. I venture the
prediction that, if you will give notice through
the public papers of proposals to let the work,
you can get the work completed for one quarter
less money than it can be done for under the
supervision of the Government officers. I ask
gentlemen to tell me what the ultimate cost of
this work is to be? No scientific calculation of
it has been made. Admit the fact that it shall
not cost more than the estimate, what will it cost
the Government to keep it up ? Look at this
thing in its true character. I believe that it will
cost you a very heavy sum to keep it up after it
is completed. Let the work out under contract,
and let the Government pay a fair and just water
rent.
Mr. CADWALADER. It is not to cost any-
thing after it is completed
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania knows very well that this, as all other
similar works, must have officers to keep it in
repair. It will get out of repair, and it is not
expected by that gentleman that this work is
nevertogetoutof repair. I beggentlemen to pause
before they appropriate this $300,000. There are
competent men in this country who will come
here and complete this job upon their own respons-
ibility, and will even pay back to the Govern-
ment the money which it has already expended,
and then make money by the operation. I will
go as far as any man ought to go to supply water
to this city, but, sir, I am not willing to impose
a tax upon the people of this country to enable
the property-holders of this city to advance their
rents and to saddle additional expenditures upon
the functionaries of the Government who have to
reside here. I think it is time to stop, and to be
just before we are generous. It ought to be the
policy of every gentleman to use the money of
the Government as he would use his own. Will
the eloquent and distinguished gentleman from
Philadelphia [Mr. Cadwalader] tell me whether,
if he were about, to use his-own money for this
purpose, he could not make a better contract for
bringing water into this city? Would he suffer
his own money to be used in this way?
Mr. COVODE. Is it in order, Mr. Chairman,
to move to strike out this appropriation?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMdllix] moves to amend by
striking out all except one dollar, and has made
a speech m favor of that amendment; it is now
in order for any gentleman to make a spcech against
it.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to give the reason
which I have for voting against the appropriation.
I am fully satisfied that the work has been under-
taken wrongly, and has so far progressed wrongly,
and that it would be better to throw away the
$350,000 already expended, and start aright, than
to go on as it is proposed to do.
Mr. READY. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
gentleman cannot speak on that side ofthe amend-
ment. The rule authorizes one party to make a
speech in support of an amendment, and author-
izes another party then to make a speech against
it.
Mr. COVODE. Well, then, I will move to
amend the amendment by striking out the whole
of the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is in
order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a question
of order, in order to terminate this business. I
call the attention of the Chair to the fact, that we
are considering the Senate amendment, and that
any amendment offered to it is an amendment to
the amendment, which is as far as we can go.
The CHAIRMAN. That question has been
already presented to the Chair, and has been de-
cided. If the committee are not satisfied with
that decision, an appeal should be taken, and let
the committee settle it. The Chair has repeat-
edly held that the Senate amendments are the
original text on which the House is acting; that
they stand in place of the bill; and that they are
subjeet to amendment in the second degree. That
