160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Electioit—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
in order to enable you to repeal this odious
" Draco code," asyou think itto be? If you wish
to assume the power to repeal this code, there is no
need of evidence! That the laws were passed the
book of statutes is positive proof. If they are
odious, the odium appears upon their face.
Do you wish to perform the more legitimate
office of making new and more stringent congres-
sional laws for the future government of Territo-
ries—to guard, by other and better laws, against
future abuses, similar to the ones complained of?
In that view you need no evidence except that
which you already have. In that view, sir, the
Committee on Territories have already acted,
having reported a law for Kansas.*
If this proposed law be proper to be enacted—
and I see no objection to it—you have in your
possession quite enough of the evidence sought,
in this resolution, to furnish you with all the
arguments which you could get by sending for
persons and papers.
Sir, I am in favor of the most stringent laws
for the protection of the elective franchise. I am
sensible, too, that there is no Government on the
face of the earth which is so utterly feeble and
imbecile in the punishment of treasons and mis-
demeanors as the Government of the United States.
Our undefined notions of treason enable that mon-
ster to stalk all around us, observed but unpun-
ished ! If these Kansas disturbances, and the ex-
. citements consequent upon them, should result in
the enactment of a new code of United States
laws, to uphold the dignity of Government, to
punish traitors, seditious emissaries, brawling
filibusters, and puritanical fanatics, who preach
insurrection—the country will have occasion to
look back to these disturbances with gratification,
as the great exhibitors of imperfections in our
laws which needed amendment, and as the causes
of those amendments. To this end, then, I will
lend my feeble aid; and I will urge, in this con
less than one hundred dollars and not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars, and imprisonment for a term not less than
three months and not exceeding one year."
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any person,
being a member of any such armed and organized body as
described in the preceding section, or connected therewith,
and a non-resident of the said Territory, shall vote at any
election which may be held in the said Territory by au-
thority of law, lie shall, on conviction thereof, be punished
by a fine of not less than one hundred dollars and not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, and by imprisonment for a
term of not less than six months and not more than two
years.
" Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That any judge of
election who shall willfully and knowingly allow any vote
to be polled in violation of the fourth and fifth sections of
this act shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine
of not less than fifty dollars nor more than three hundred
dollars, and imprisoned for a term of not less than six
months nor more than one year. That all offenses under
this act may be prosecuted by indictment in any criminal
court having jurisdiction of felonies or misdemeanors com-
mitted in said Territory. All laws, rules, or regulations
inconsistent with the provisions of this act are hereby
declared null and void."
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. PURVIANCE,
op pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from Kansas Territory, j
Mr. PURVIANCE said: \
Mr. Speaker: As the argument which I pro- |
pose to submit is designed mainly as an answer j
to the legal positions assumed by gentlemen who
have spoken on the other side, 1 earnestly desire J
the attention of the House, and flatter myself that j
I am prepared to give a satisfactory answer to all
the legal barriers which have been thrown in the
way of the grant of power demanded.
The argument of the honorable
. - . ,  o     gentleman from
nection, that enough has already been said, and !l Delaware, [Mr. Cttllen,] so cordially approved
anatitrn irn/-vn tr\ inrlunn (un ... p i±a  i . i .1 « t « « r« *■
enough known to induce the Judiciary Committee
to turn their attention to a new code of laws on the
still undefined subjects of sedition, insurrection,
and rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to appeal to gentlemen
to put a stop to this agitation. There is nothing
to be gained by its continuance but discord and
evil. .Leave Kansas to herself. She will work
out her own destiny. That Kansas will be a non-
slaveholding State, the best-informed men of all
parties believe. The force and power of organized
societies to do their work in invading the new Ter-
ritories with homeless foreigners, with money to
back them in this labor, and the facilities of travel
which the North possesses over the South, give
the North such great advantages that southern
emigration will tease, and Kansas will be all that
her northern friends may desire. I would not
advise the South to continue this fruitless com-
petition. For every one southern man who goes
to Kansas, there will be from the North two Free-
Soilers and four foreigners.. These foreigners are
more to be dreaded than the natives.
As I am opposed to the dark movements of
northern emigrating societies, so I should oppose
the same in the South. The peopling of any
country by companies in hostile array is not con-
sistent with the peaceful habits of American cit-
izens. Let the law have its force. If under the
organic act of Congress, the Territory of Kansas,
in due time and with due solemnity and form, shall <
present a constitution honestly adopted by a
majority of its inhabitants, I shall feel it to be my
duty to accept that constitution, of whatsoever
character it may be, so that it does not conflict
with the Constitution of the United States.
*Notk.
" pE0' 4. And be it further enacted, That if any person,
not being an actual inhabitant or resident of the said Ter-
ritory , shall east his vote at any election which may be held
' said Territory by authority of law, such person so
offending shall, on conviction thereof in any criminal court,
be punished by fine not less than twenty dollars nor more
than one hundred dollars, and imprisonment not less than
two months nor more than six months; that if any person
or persons shall come into any election district of said Ter-
ritory in armed and organized bodies, for the purpose of
participating in disturbances, controlling or voting at anv
tnrh"Cld 01 to be "eld under«>e authority oflaw there"/
thermr?,?L0r per?°"? so offeniling shall, on conviction
thereof m any criminal court, be punished by a fine of not
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
and which evidently made an impression upon
the House, was attentively listened to by me, and
the points-made carefully noted.
His first position was that the sitting member
[General Whitfield] was elected in pursuance of
a law passed by a Territorial Legislature, and
appears here clothed with record evidence of an
election as territorial Delegate; and the denial of
this allegation on the part of Governor Reeder is
assimilated to a trial of the issues involved, on
the plea of nul tiel record.
The fallacy of this argument is apparent when
it is considered that the issue in a contested elec-
tion is always considered an issue of fact and not
of law, and the written record evidence of the
sitting member is only considered in the light of
prima facie evidence of right. If, in every con-
tested election, the contestant -should be forced
into a reliance solely upon the plea of nul tiel
record, then it is manifest the sitting member
could not, in any case, be unseated. The lawyer
who would rest his client's cause on nul tiel record
alone, when he had issues of fact upon which he
could safely rely, would be regarded as deficient
in legal judgment. Additional pleas are always
added, upon which facts are put m issue, if, upon
inspection of the record, the pica of nul tiel record
proves of no avail.
The fallacy, therefore, of the argument consists
in the mistakenassumption that a contestant must
be confined to a plea of nul tiel record.
A second position assumed by the gentleman
from Delaware is, that parol evidence is not allow-j mandin°-Durnn<!p'«. i  V"
I'wud.
sary to detail, all of which may be shown, and,
indeed, must be and can only be shown, by parol
evidence. A patent issued to A may be shown by
parol evidence to belong of right to B. A, upon
the face of the patent, is the prima facie owner; but
B, upon the parol testimony, becomes the legal
owner. This is the law and the settled usage
of courts of justice, as well as legislative bodies,
in determining and passing upon contested elec-
tions. This well-settled principle is coeval with
I the history of State and national jurisprudence.
Reducing an agreement to writing does not pre-
clude a vendee from showing it was obtained by
! fraudulent representations. — 8 Coairs's Reports,
377.
j Courts of equity afford relief on ground of fraud
! admitted or provt-d,—14 Peters, 114.
! In the case of The United States vs. The Am-
istad, 13 Peters, found on page 163, the certifi-
cates made in conformity to Spanish law were set
aside on the ground that fraud is sufficient to over-
throw the sanctity of public documents «,■ proof.
Fraud vitiates the most solemn transactions,
and makes-title founded on it void.—15 Peters, 518.
The most valuable fee-simple estate, surrounded
by the majesty of the law, falls to the ground,
when touched or tainted by fraud. Our courts
and juries are engaged for weeks and months,
by the agency of parol testimony, to discover
whether fraud has been an ingredient of a con-
tract; and when it is found to be so the contract
is forever annulled, and deeds, and bonds, and
covenants declared absolutely void.
Now, as to the question of estoppel presented by
the memorial of General Whitfield, and adopted
by the minority committee: on this point I take
high ground, and challenge assault upon the
i position I am about to assume. 1 maintain that
| all the acts done, or which might have been done
j by Governor Reeder, did not and could not vali-
! date an invalid act. Estoppel, of which so much
has been said in the memorial of General Whit-
i field, does not apply in any way whatever to a
case of the present kind, and for reasons which
I confidently assert I am prepared to show. Es-
toppel does not apply to the doing of unlawful
acts. An acknowledgment by a sealed obligation
to pay money in violation of a statute of the coun-
try amounts to nothing by way of estoppel. If a
contract is illegal or invalid, the payment of money
into court gives it no validity. For this principle,
see Greenleaf on Evidence, page 263; which re-
fers to cases in 4 B. and P. 264, and 2 Espinasse.
It will there be found that the bringing of money
into court was ruled to have made the following
admissions: °
1. That that amount of money is due.
2. That it is due from the causc mentioned in
the narr.
3. That plaintiff is entitled to claim it in the
character in which he sues.
4. That the court has jurisdiction of the mat-
ter.
5. That the contract described is rightly set
forth, and was duly executed.
6. That it has been broken in the manner and
to the extent declared.
-- Now, what follows ? Notwithstanding all this,
if the law is invalid, the party who has made all
the above admissions is not estopped from plead-
ing the invalidity of the law; and why? Because
the doctrine of estoppel does not apply to an ille-
gal and invalid law. The majesty of the law has
to be vindicated, and will not allow the acts and
declarations of a party to thwart its high and com-
the application of the evidence, which is not to
destroy the record, but to prove that it was fraud- '
ulently procured. The record of any gentleman's
election in this House is doubtless on its face |
perfect, and the evidence, no matter how volumin- '
ous, does not obliterate a single line, but looks
to another and a very different end—that of show-
ing that the person who holds this record evidence
of election is not entitled to do so, which may
be shown in various ways, either by mistake in
the count of votes actually polled, by illegal votes
polled sufficient to have changed the result, or by
fraud in making out the certificates, conducting the
election, bribery of the judges to make false certifi-
cates, and in various other ways not now neces-
which the law positively forbids. If, therefore,
Governor Reeder had, in decided terms, declared
that that Legislature was duly constituted, and
was in every respect valid, it would not have
amounted to anything, because, if invalid oftinifto,
it was not in his power to confer validity upon it.
i liere is another class of cases in which estoppel
does not prevail. Wherever and whenever you es-
tablish the presence of fraud, estoppel is excluded.
In a leading case in Pennsylvania, Jackson vs.
SummerviJle, 1st Harris, 359, this doctrine is es-
tablished: "Actual fraud vitiates all contracts into
which it enters, and renders them null and void, and
as such cannot be Affirmed by the party defrauded.
A deed obtained by fraud is void and incapable of
