898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Captain Meigs, but I say this is an enormous sum
of money fo squander in this manner.
Again, this money is to be drawn by the super-
intendent at any time he may think proper.
He is to make the disbursements tinder his own
authority. Now, sir, I learn from those gentle-
men who have been inspecting the work, that a
large amount of the money which has already
been appropriated, has gone for the construction
of boarding-houses, for the purchase of wagons,
horses, mules, &c., and that probably not more
than $100,000 has been legitimately expended on
the work itself.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to increase the
appropriation §10,000. Mr. Chairman, if this
were a new question, I am not prepared to say
that I would vote for it. But I regard the question
as settled; the Government has committed itself
to it; the plan has been adopted; the work com-
menced ; and $350,000 have been already expended
upon it. The appropriation was made during
a Whig Administration, while Mr. Fillmore was
in power, and I am astonished at the opposition
I now see manifested to it, coming from the
quarter it does.
Now, sir, gentlemen on the other side of the
House can vote millions of dollars to pay French
spoliations—they can squander the public treasure
on rivers and harbors, and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sage] can favor the expendi-
ture of enormous sums as a gratuity to the
Collins Steamship Company, but they become
wonderfully economical when an appropriation
is asked, the object of which is to protect the
public property m this District.
I hold we are under no obligations whatever to
bring water into this District for the benefit of the
people who iiihabit it; but we are under obliga-
tions to protect the public property, amounting
in value to $50,000,000 within its limits; and if
the people of the District and the officers of the
Government who are compelled to reside here,
are incidentally benefited, no reasonable objec-
tion can be urged to it. It is a fact which no gen-
tleman will undertake to question, that there is
not, at this time, water enough in this city in case
of fire, to prevent the public buildings, with all
the records of the Government, from being con-
sumed. In 1836, I believe it was, the Treasury
building was burned, and but three years since,
the Capitol itself, was only saved by an accident.
I have a word now to say in regard to the plan
of the work. It was made the duty of the Pres-
ident to adopt the plan; and, from the limited
investigation I have bocn able to give it, I am
satisfied he was fortunate in selecting the plan
upon which the work is now being constructed.
From the Potomac an abundant supply of pure
water can always be had, and I understand it
cannot be obtained from any other source; and,
upon the completion of this work, the supply
will be inexhaustible.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. McMcllin]
contends that, even when completed, this work
must of necessity be kept up at great expense.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I do not see any
principle of public duty which requires me to vote
for this appropriation. As I was in the last Con-
gress when the question was debated, and re-
mained silent and voted against it, I think proper
now, when the question is again up, to assign my
reason for voting against the appropriation asked
for at this time. I shall not discuss the plan.
There is no time for such discussion. It is wholly
immaterial to me what plan has been adopted—I
will not vote for the appropriation.
I stated that I could not see any principle of
public duty to which I could refer an appropria-
tion of this sort. If the object be to simply'pro-
tect the public property, then there ought to be
a supply for that purpose aione. If we go beyond
that and provide for the accommodation of the citi-
zens of Washington and Georgetown, wc vitiate
the plan, in myjudgment,by embracing a proposi-
tion which, under the Constitution, my duty for-
bids me to approve. The public buildings, as it
is suggested to me, are fire-proof, at least very
much so. They ought to be perfectly fire-proof,
The Government has been here fifty odd years.
It !jas in that time lost slightly by fire. It has
lost vejylittjp. The pS'0Y1s'°n of the Senate's
amendment is an enormous sum for insurance. It
is an immense sum to pay and then be compelled
to run risks of fire very nearly as great as be-
fore. It is a sum which ought not to be appro-
priated.
In reference to the committal of the Government
to this work, I apprehend that, when my friend
from Mississippi comes to another question (that
of the Pacific railroad) where a larger sum hasbeen
appropriated preparatory to the construction of
the work, he will not hold the Government com-
mitted to the completion of the work by reason
of that appropriation. The committal of the Gov-
ernment, as has been well said, is a committal
only to itself. It is for the time being engaged
in reference to the commencement of the work;
and it is competent for the Government, without
doing injustice or violence to anybody, to abandon
it when it is found that to complete the work vast
expenditures of money must be made, and that
it is, besides, contrary to the spirit of the Consti-
tution and the powers with which Congress have
been invested by it.
The officers who have made the estimates to
which gentlemen have referred do not pretend
that they are anything like accurate ones. As a
matter of course, when the work is completed to
the city, there must be some provision made for
carrying off the water after it has been used.
Experience proves that, when a very large amount
of water is introduced into a city, the cffect is
such that there must be a system of drainage for
its removal after use, in order to protect the
buildings in their stabili ty and permanence. Thus
large expenditures are to be incurred year after
year. It is proper for us, if we believe this ex-
penditure is enormous and improper, to stop
short, and, as the gentleman from Georgia has
said, sink what we have already expended,
rather than recklessly to continue the appropria-
tions. I have no unkind feeling toward tile citi-
zens of this District. I have no desire to deny
them any reasonable accommodation under the
fair and legitimate powers of the Government;
but I am opposed to appropriating money for
their accommodation alone.
Mr. Barksdale's amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to strike out
the whole item as amended; and that is the pre-
cise result to which I think the committee ought
to come. The question has been raised as to
whose measure this is. The first appropriation
was passed by a Congress having a large Demo-
cratic majority, on the last day, if I mistake not,
of Mr. Fillmore's administration. Mr. Fillmore
was not at liberty to refuse his assent to that bill,
under the principles of his political life. That
proposition was reaffirmed by the last Congress,
where there was a majority of seventy-five, if I
mistake not, on the Democratic side of this House.
The plan on which the work has been hitherto
constructed was approved by the present Execu-
tive. They must, therefore, settle the responsi-
bility between themselves for the measure in its
present position. I am opposed to it. I am op-
posed to doing all the local improvements of
Washington out of the public Treasury; and on
that ground T shall vote against it.
1 should be in favor of the Government paying
its fair proportion of the expense of introducing
water into Washington city, but I am not for
doing it at this time, and under these circum-
stances, but by a separate bill providing for a
pro rata payment by the citizens of the District.
I wish now merely to put one ortwo questions
to ray friends upon the other side of the House,
which I wish them deliberately to consider.
Three fourths of this work is in the State of
Maryland. She gives up her sovereignty, and
the Government bridges her streams, and takes
the land of her farmers. It is not incident to any
power ot this Government, according to the strict-
construction school of politics. Has the Govern-
ment power to take that soil, and to make the
improvement in the State of Maryland? If it have
not, then strict-construction gentlemen cannot
vote for it. If it has the power to do it, cannot
those gentlemen vote for the improvement of
rivers and harbors as incident to the power over
commerce, and. the war power? If the fact that
appropriations have been made closes tho ques-
tion ot constitutionality and of prudence, then
what do they do with the veto tnessage of the
present Executive of last year, vetoing a bill for
carrying on improvements in which the Govern-
ment had already embarked, and for the construc-
tion of which millions had been appropriated,
and which were, as this is, incomplete? Let
gentlemen answer.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to correcta wrong
impression which the gentleman from Maryland
lias made. The act for carrying on this work
requires that the assent of Maryland shall be
first obtained; and I understand that assent has
been obtained.
Mr. DAVIS. The difficulty with strict-con-
struction gentlemen is, that the Government has
no power to take the right of way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They have no
power under the Constitution to take it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Constitution does not
give Congress the power, no cession by the State
can give it.
Mr. JONES. Tho State cannot confer it when
there is no power in Congress under the Consti-
tution.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not,
Mr. PECK. Having no scruples in reference
to constitutional power as regards this matter,
I propose to discuss this question, in the five
minutes allowed me, upon its merits. 1 am in
favor of this appropriation. I am in favor of the
construction of this work to supply this capital,
and the people of this capital, with water—first,
upon the ground of its necessity, and, secondly,
upon the ground of its utility and ornament.
These two distinct grounds are sufficient to au-
thorize me to vote for the appropriation.
First. Upon the necessity of the thing. Tho
Government has invested here millions upon mil-
lions of dollars, not simply in works of necessity
or convenience to the Government, but in works
of ornamentation. We have not only our Halls
for the sessions of Congress, our public buildings
for the accommodation of the separate Depart-
ments, but we have lodged in those Departments
archives which are not the subject of insurance.
Gentlemen have told us that we could getproperty
insured cheaper than by such a plan as this. What
shall we insure ? In the archives of the Depart-
ments pf this capital are the sole evidence of titles
to the property of citizens of over fourteen States
of this Confederacy. How can you insure that
evidence? The title to the public lands through-
out all the western States depends upon evidence
in the archives of these Departments. Gentle-
men say that these buildings are fire-proof. So
was your Capitol fire-proof, and yet your library
was burnt. Your Post Office Departments called
fire-proof, but fire has broken out among the
papers there, and they have been destroyed. You
had water then just as much as no w, and no more,
but they could not be saved.
Now suppose, under similar circumstances,
similar property should catch fire, how is it to
i be preserved ? I regard it to be a matter of ab-
I solute necessity—a necessity which can be met
I in no other way—to supply every building with
j such an amount of water as will enable us, upon
| tho inception of any fire, immediately to extin-
guish it.
Now, as to the other branch—utility and orna-
ment—utility in supplying the wants of the mem-
bers of this House, and the officers of the Govern-
ment residing here. We have the right, for that
; purpose, to construct this work. Ornamentation!
'i Why, sir, this Government has spent hundreds
: and thousands of dollars for the ornamentation
j1 of this capital, and it will spend millions, and I
shall vote for millions for this very purpose, if I
!; have an opportunity, for I would build up a cap-
,; ital here, somewhat commensurate with th e power
i and prosperity of the people which it represents.
I I should be ashamed to welcome hert: a foreigner
:| from other lands and show him the meager, par-
ij simonious, and miserable batch of cheap houses
I as the representative of the taste and liberality of
i the American people. There is a use in it, and
the action of this Government has always recog-
. nized that use.
j An objection is made to the people of Woshing-
, > ton and the people of this District getting a benefit
; for which they do not pay. If that is to be the
1 principle, in God's name, fence up your public
grounds—hang up Chinese screens around your
Capitol—put curtains over your public pictures-
fence in your public statues, and do not let the
