1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. of Reps.
as I understand, is one of the allegations made,
and this is one of the cases which the honorable
member from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] admits
would form an exception and call for aid.
What harm can the freest and fullest inquiry
do ? If riot, revolution, and bloodshed are stalk-
ing abroad among our friends, who have gone to
Kansas in quest of ahome—a happy home—let us
know it ana arrest it. Out in this far western
Territory sons and daughters have gone, of
whom parents, in fitful and unrefreshing sleeps, are
continually dreaming. Rumor, trumpet-tongued
rumor, brings weekly tidings of threatened out-
breaks, and the heart of the aged mother is
stricken with sad andfearful forebodings of what
may be the fate of a beloved child who has done
no wrong, but is seeking after the comforts of
ahappynome in the western wilds. If this in-
quiry is suppressed, depend upon it the people will
become restive, and will inform themselves of the
true state of affairs in some other way. The
ghost of Brown, although like Banquo, you may
*• bid it down," will continue to rise in judgment
against the oppressors of freedom wherever they
may be found.
The preservation of the-sacred right of suffrage
is involved in this issue, a right regarded by me
as paramount to all others, politically consid-
ered. The purity of the ballot-box should be
uppermost in the hearts of all true American
patriots. Rome, haughty, imperial Rome, in her j
proudest and palmiest days, cherished the axiom
" Voxpopuli vox Dei," and the voice of her con- (
gregated thousands in the open air echoed into !
existence laws which a Cicero's eloquence pro-
posed.
Athens and Sparta, too, furnished eminent
examples of veneration for the voice of the people,
examples worthy of imitation by the greatest fVee
nation upon the face of the globe. Aristides the
Just wrote upon a shell his own banishment, for
no other reason than that he was too just to dis-
regard the popular voice, although that voice
cent him into an unjust and ignoble exile.
Who is there within the sound of my voice
that does not agree with me, that the purity of
the ballot-box is the corner-stone of our political
existence? Let this be undermined, and the tem-
ple of freedom, with unerring certainty, will fall,
never to be reared again.
In the rural districts, the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise is watched with unremitting and
jealous scrutiny, and a single fraudulent vote is
made the basis of a mos  scathing legal investi-
gation; and when I occasionally near of fraud by
wholesale upon this glorious right of freemen,
my heart sickens within me, and I fear and I feel
that the most sacred privilege of free institutions
is in danger of perishing forever.
If the places of election are to be invaded, the
voters put in fear and driven from the ground,
the voice of the people is lost and buried in the
despotism which overwhelms it. When we con-
sider that our Government is worked and con-
trolled by an elective machinery, from the lowest
municipal to the highest national office, it be-
come^ us to be on the alert, and to arrest, upon
the threshold, the first invasion of the most in-
estimable political right we enjoy.
When such a right is invaded, are we to ac-
knowledge our inability to come to the rescue ?
Are we to so far stultify ourselves aa to declare
that our sovereignty is restrained by cobweb tech-
nicality? No, sir, as an American citizen, and
as the representative of a hundred thousand more.
1 shall acknowledge no such fetters; but an-
nounce myself here for the purpose of wiping
out the records of fraud and injustice, whenever
and wherever I may find them. So far as the
question we are discussing is concerned, we are
the sovereign arbiters—the highest source of
power; and in discharging the sworn duty of de-
termining upon the qualifications of our own
members, we should disregard the Special plead-
ing of the lawyer, and settle this great question
of political rights upon its merits alone. Let the
evidence be taken, returned, and passed upon
by us.
The voice of an indignant people demands
it, and we, who are their representatives and ser-
vants, should not refuse to give to this just and
righteous demand a prompt affirmative response.
KANSAS CONTESTED-ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. CAMPBELL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, .
March 10,1856,
On the Resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election case from the Territory
of Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Speaker: I shall submit a few general
observations for the consideration of the mem-
i bers of this House upon the question now pend-
ing. The Hon. Andrew H. Reeder presented to
the House of Representatives, on the 14th day
of February last, a memorial contesting the seat
f of the sitting Delegate from the Territory of
' Kansas. That memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
Subsequently, the committee made their report
upon the memorial and facts submitted to them;
and they have shown, by reasoning the most
conclusive, the urgent necessity, as well aspro-
priety, for the authority which they ask. They
nave submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election case from the Territory of Kansas, be, and
are hereby, empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
The question now is, whether that authority
shall be granted, or whether this House will re-
fuse to entertain the application of the committee,
j The memorial has been received and referred;
the cause has been instituted in this, the nation's
| high court of chancery, ana the proposition is
j now made, by members on the other side of this
j chamber, to smother all investigation, to hide
| away all right and truth, to hinder and delay
! justice, and to turn the memorialist from the bar
of this House without a hearing. The people of
the Territory of Kansas are deeply interested in
this question; to them it is an issue of the most
vital character. They have been branded as
traitors, and stigmatized with disloyalty to the
Government. They ask, at your hands, the right
—a right dear to every American—to be heard.
They allege, on the other hand, that their homes
have been invaded by an armed mob, their priv-
ileges wrested from them, their lives placed in
jeopardy, and their property destroyed.
I am opposed to the hiding-away process. Iam
in favor, provided it can be done under the Con-
stitution and laws of the land, of the most full,
liberal, and broadest investigation. Itisin accord-
ance with the spirit of our institutions—with the
universal sentiment of the American people—that
the truth or falsehood of any allegation should
be most fully investigated. I hear it said that
the people of Kansas themselves are in fault—that
treason stalks in their midst. It is gravely alleged
that a revolutionary feeling prevails ill that Ter-
ritory. These charges are made upon the floor
of this House; they are heralded in the message
of the Executive; they are reported in the public
press, and they come to us tnrough a thousand
channels, and upon every breeze. It is not only
the right, but the duty, of this House to examine
the truth of these grave accusations.
Let us know, first, whether there is or is not a
lawfully elected and organized Legislature with-
in the Territory of Kansas. Sir, I desire to know,
whether that body, calling itself the Legislature
of Kansas, was elected and placed in power by
an armed and invading force from the State of
Missouri or elsewhere, or by the legally author-
ized voters of Kansas ? The legal existence of
thatjjublic body has been called in question, and
demands inquiry; and 1 can tell gentlemen who
oppose the resolution submitted by the Commit-
tee of Elections, that, if they now stifle investi-
gation, if they reverse the convictions of the
American people, ignore the spirit of otir insti-
tutions, and refuse—when these grave questions
are agitating the nation—to give the necessary
authority, and thus put an end to disturbance and
agitation by lawful means, they are answerable
to the country, and must take the responsibility.
If I know anything ef the views and opinions
of the American people, they are in favor of the
broadest investigation—the most full and liberal
inquiry. You may endeavor to hide away the
truth, but they will find it. Shroud it in subtlety,
bury it beneath technicality, heap error mountain
high, but the American mind will pierce the sur-
face, remove the covering, and drag the living,
palpable truth to light. It must and will have
the truth, and nothing but the interposition of the
Constitution and laws of the land can check its
inquiry; here the Constitution and the laws, in
unison with the voice of the people, demand it.
Let us have all possible light upon this question,
that we may be enabled to act and vote under-
standingly.
The memorial of the Hon. Andrew H. Reeder,
submitted to the House, sets forth various facta
which the memorialist alleges he is prepared to
prove, if an opportunity is afforded him. _ It be-
comes important to know what the memorial con-
tains, inasmuch as it forms the foundation of the
whole proceeding, and upon the allegations therein
contained the memorialist must stand or fall.
The memorial sets out—first, that he, the Hon.
Andrew H. Reeder, claims to represent the Ter-
ritory of Kansas in the Thirty-Fourth Congress as
congressional Delegate, to the exclusion and in
the place of the Hon. J. W. Whitfield, the sitting
Delegate. It sets out, further, that the election
under which the sitting Delegate holds his seat
was apretended election, held without law, against
the will of the qualified voters, and that it was
and is absolutely void; and further, that the law
under which the pretended election was held
emanated from a Legislative Assembly the mem-
bers of which were not elected by the people, but
imposed upon them by the force of superior num-
bers of non-residents; that the election law was
nugatory, because enacted at an illegal and unau-
thorized place. The memorialist proceeds further
to state, that papers important to the examination
which he requires at our hands have been with-
held from him by the Secretary of the Territory;
and, lastly, the Hon. Andrew H. Reeder claims
that he was elected as Delegate from Kansas to the
present Congress at the only valid election held
for that purpose within the Territory.
I understood the honorable member from Ala-
bama [Mr. Walker] to contend that Governor
Reeder did not present himself before us in the
attitude of a contestant for the seat occupied by
the sitting Delegate; that there was " wot a word
or line in the memorial amounting to an assertion
of a right vested in Governor Reeder, and set up
by him as against the prima facie title of the sit-
ting Delegate, Mr. Whitfield." Now, sir, I do
most distinctly and most unequivocally under-
stand that Governor Reeder claims the seat now
occupied by the sitting Delegate from Kansas.
On this point I refer to the concluding part of the
memorial referred to, and, if I understand the
English language, the fact is there plainly set
forth, as follows:
" And your memorialist further states that he was duly
elected by a large majority of the legal voters of the Raid
Territory to the said office of Delegate, at an election held
on the 9th day of October, which heproposss to show was
  Ten*
pose."
the only valid election held in the Territory for that pur-
Here, then, we have a subject-matter of contest,
and a contestant who proposes to show that he
was'elected at " the only valid election" held for
the purpose of electing a Delegate to this Con-
gress from the Territory of Kansas 
Mr. KE1TT. Under what law ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No matter under what
law, so that it was a valid law. But it will be
time enough to inquire into the law, and the au-
thority under which that election was held, when
that part of the case is before the House. It is
sufficient for us to know that this is his allegation.
If he does not sustain it—if the proof falls short—
I am prepared to go with every candid man in this
House to stand by the law ana the facts. While
I am opposed to smothering this investigation
in its primary stages, I am in favor of giving that
gentleman an opportunity of showing under what
law, and authority, and how that election was
held. _ A question may be made of this character:
that if an armed force from' Missouri, or any
other part of the country, invade the precincts of
the election districts in Kansas, destroy the ballot-
boxes, drive away the legally-authorized electors,
and prevent the people of the Territory from ex-
ercising their electoral privilege—I will ask gen*
tlemen whether or not the citizens of Kansas,
