1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
United States Mint at Philadelphia, occupying successively
the positions of assistant assayer, melter and refiner, and
chief coiner—all places of high trust and responsibility, and
winch appear to have been filled by Mr. Peale with great
credit to himself and advantage to the Government. Dur-
ing this period, as clearly appears from the papers in the
case, Mr. Peale invented and brought into practical use
many valuable improvements In the machinery and pro-
cesses applicable to the refining and coining the precious
metals.
The following are amongst the improvements introduced
by Mr. Peale, for which compensation is claimed, viz:
First. The use of common salt in reducing silver from its
solution in nitric acid.
John J. Morrell, foreman of the refinery, certifies that
when Mr. Peale became melter and refiner, in 1836, in con-
sequence of the necessity of precipitating silver by copper,
the only process then in use, it was unhealthy and delete-
rious—ho much so as to make it impossible to icmain in the
room and hreathe the fumes without the risk of life. Soon
after Mr. Peale came into the office he introduced improve-
ments in the processes oi ^fining, particularly the precipi-
tation by salt and the lecovcry of fine silver by zinc and
sulphuric acid, by which means the troubles above men-
tioned were entnely overcome and much greater facility
given to the operation, both in regard to the economy and
rapidity—which process still continues to be employed.
Professor Booth, the present melter and refiner, says:
"The improvement which you (Mr. Peale) justly claim,
of precipitating the chloride by common salt, instead of
by muriatic acid, which the chemist employs on a small
scale, was a positive advance in the whole process m
economy of material and apparatus and m convenience of
execution. By means of this improvement, I was enabled
to employ wooden vessels instead of the more costly stone-
ware and porcelain, when the subsequent influx of Cali-
fornia gold assimilated our operations to those of an ordi-
nary manufacturing establishment, and demanded precisely
such an improvement, lly means of this improvement I
have recovered a ton of silver in a single day, after ita em-
ployment of refining gold."
Second. Invention and construction of machinery.—De-
vising and directing the construction oi a power-press for
coinage, and the application to it of steam power; the inven-
tion and construction of a milling machine, moved by steam
power, which is now in use at all the mints; the invention
of a laying and piling box, &c.
On this head Mr. Bale, late treasurer of the Mint, says:
" An official service of several yearn, as treasurer of the
Mint, affoided me frequent opportunities to admire the per-
fection of the apparatus and machmeiyof that establish-
ment. My own ob>ei vations, and the concurrent testimony
of my associates, left no doubt on my mind, that to [Mr.
Peale] the country is mainly indebted for the perfection
thus realized. I then learned and firmly believe that it was
[his.] inventive skill that planned and supervised the exe-
cution of nearly every part of the machinery which adorns
the Mint, among which 1 may refer, as examples, to the
steam-commg presses, thp milling machine, the rolling
mills, the piling board, and the small and large engines."
Mr. Eckert says:
"As director of the Mint F had ample opportunity of be-
coming familiar with hi^ (Mr. i'eale's) exuaoidmaiy invent-
ive genius, and the facility with which he overcame and
surmounted all the mechanical difficulties as tliey would
present themselves, m the piactical application of Ins in-
ventions and improvements, in the subitimtion of steam
instead of hand power to the coming pics^c aloup he lias?
saved thousands upon thousands to the Government, and it
is but ju*t that he should receive some compensation, es-
pecially as he has never availed him&elf ot th* patent laws.
Judge Kane, chairman of the assav boaid of the Mint,
says:
"I have no hesitation in saying that Mr. Peale'simpiove-
ments m the machinery aione, not ios>pcak of the processes
which lie introduced, have saved the Governmenthundiods
of thousands of dollars."
George Eckfeldt, foieman of the machine shop of the
Mint, states that Mr. Peale, while he held the office of
melter and refiner, drew the plans and directed the con-
struction of the first press used in the Mint for coinage by
steam; for the engine employed m propelling the coming
and milling machines; for the steam milling machine, and
laying and piling boxes, all original inventions; and that
he furnished designs and drawings, and directed the con-
struction of the machinery for the branch mints geneially;
and, finally, that most of the improvements referred to aie
entitled to the merit of original inventions.
From these and othei statements before the committee,
itis clearly appaient that the mechanical skill and genius
of Mr. Peale contributed largely to the state of perfection
to which the mechanical operations of the United States
Mint have attained. When he entered the mint in 1833, its
capacity for coming was about $3,000,000 per annum, and
when he left it, m 1854, its capacity was equal to £60,000,000
per annum. It was, evidently, no part of Mr. Peale's duty,
as melter and refiner, to makefile drawings ami snpeun-
tend the construction of the engines and machinery of the
Mint and its branches, and much less wa> it anvpart otthat
duty to give the Government the great bcnelii of his rare
inventive genius, by the application of which the Mint of
the United States has attained tiie reputation of being the
best appointed mint m the world.
It is believed to be shown, that many of the improve-
ments introduced into the machinery of the Mint were
original inventions of Mr. Peale, and as such subject to be
patented as hid private propeity. Hut as these inventions
were mamly useful in mint operations, Ins sense of honor
did not permit him to appropnate to Lis exclusive private
emolument the nnpioveuients icquned for the efficient ope-
rations of the Mint, of which he \va> an officer, and with the
honor and reputation of which he felt himself identified.
But as he ha- now retired from office, and is m need of
the fruits of las labors now enjoyed by the United States
for the -mppoit of his declining years, the committee aie of
opiuioti that it would not become alibeial and enlightened
Government to withhold a just and leasonabie compensa-
tion for such long-continued, valuable, and meritorious
services.
Mr. Peale submits the following estimate of the value of
his inventions and services, for which no compensation has
been received, viz:
For improvements and inventions in refining  $-5,000
Apparatus in saving and concentrating sweep  5,000
Coming presses, mint machinery, &c..    15,000
Services, not official, in making mint machinery
and apparatus for branch mints    2,500
Use of the above processes and machines at the
branches and offices     9,500
Total..
.$30,000
In submitting this estimate, Mr. Peale says: "This esti-
mate is made under the acknowledged conviction that it
is entirely optional with the Government to withhold any
recompense, and that no claim could be established by law.
Nevertheless, it is confidently affirmed, that if I had, accord-
ing to present usage, protected myself by securing the ben-
efit the laws of the United States would have conferred, I
should have demanded from four to ten tunes the amount,
according to the circumstances and the exigencies of the
particular case and tune."
Believing that the services of the memorialist, beyond
the proper spheie of his official duties, have been of essen-
tial and pai amount value to the United States, the commit-
tee think that he is equitably entitled to some remuneration.
But in view of the factthat the improvements weie carried
out and perfected at the expense of the Government, they
are not prepared to recommend the allowance of the fuil
amount of their value, as estimated by the claimant, and
other officers of the mint. They have, therefore, come to
the conclusion to report a bill, allowing the sum of ,<$10,000
as a full compensation to the memorialist for all his inven-
tions and extra official services in connection with the Uni-
ted Satots Mint and its blanches.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I listened to the reading of
the report, but I doubt the policy of passing the
bill. I suppose that at every mint of the United
States improvements are made by assayers, and
melters and refiners, which are adopted by the
Government. They are no doubt of benefit to
the Government in carrying- on the operations of
the mint; but the difficulty to my mind is this:
if we establish this precedent will not every offi-
cer in a mint who has invented, or may invent,
anything useful to the Government in coining
money, have an equal claim on the generosity of
the Government? That is what i am afraid of.
I know that at the mint in San Francisco there
have been some vtyy important inventions made
there by persons in coining money; and on the
principle of this case they will have a right to
come m and claim compensation from the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not report this bill,
' although I concur fully in the report made by the
| Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] The precedent
\ in this case cannot be a very dangerous one, 1 beg
to say to the Senator from California, because we
have but one mint in the United States, and two
or three branch mints; and, therefore, we shall
not have many inventors of this kind to pay.
i But independent of that, the bill is entirely right
I in itself. We propose to give to this gentleman
] one third of what very respectable officers con-
1 nccted with the mint, who have been supervising
it Judge Kane, and some of the directors of the
mint, who are out of office, the president of the
assay board, and others—thought he was reason-
ably entitled to. They all speak of several in-
ventions which he made. He was connected with
j the mint from 1833 until a year or twoago. He
j is now advanced in age. We think this is a just
i claim. He did not apply for a patent, bccause he
| Was in the service of the Government at the time
I when he made these inventions which are so
J useful to the Government. He has not been com-
1 pensated for them. He is now out of office, and
j we think the bill a very moderate one, as we
! reported it.
j Mr. WADE. I do not suppose that this apph-
, cant has any legal right to relief; but it is a case
! of great merit. If the evidence can be relied on,
1 this gentleman made very great improvements in
! coinage, to the advantage of the Government. If
! you can rely on the evidence, he has saved to the
i Government many hundreds of thousands of
Idollars by the inventions he has made; but he
! failed to resort to his legal rights by taking out a
i patent, so that the Government hacl the full ben-
! efit of all that he invented without remuneration,
i I am not going to argue this question, because
' I can state uo better than the report has done,
what the claim is, and what arc its merits. It
seems to me that there is no danger of the
I precedent we are about to set, because wherever
it can be as clearly shown that any person en-
gaged in the public service has rendered to the
Government, over and above the ordinary duties
in which he is engaged, a benefit equivalent to
this, I think it would he proper to pay him. 1
would follow the precedent which we are about
to set, where an officer had really saved to the
Government hundreds of thousands of dollars
by his inventions, and had not sought a monop-
oly of them, but permitted the Government to
take advantage of them. We only allow a small
proportion—perhaps not more than a tenth—of
what the evidence establishes the benefit to the
Government has already been. We cannot suffer
much from such precedents as this if we should
follow them all the time. I should be willing to
follow them in any other case where it can be
shown that equal advantage has accrued to the
Government through the ingenuity of any of
those engaged in its service.
I hope the bill will be passed. My own opin-
ion is that the bill is not quite liberal enough.
He claimed $30,000, and the evidence shows that
the benefit to the Government was several hun-
dred thousand dollars. I think we have been
moderate enough.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN ERONSON.
The bill (S. No. 332) for the relief of JohnBron-
son was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. «
It provides for the payment to John Bronson,
of the city of Detroit, §£,915 J8 to indemnify him
for the loss of merchandise which fell into the
hands of the enemy in consequence of the im-
pressment, by order of an officer in command of
a detachment of United States troops, of the
wagons and teams with which it was being
removed to a place of safety, at the time of the
evacuation o'f Port George, in the year 1813.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inquire of the mem-
ber of the Committee on Claims who reported
the bill, for what reason this case has not been
submitted to the Court of Claims for examination
and counter testimony on the part of the United
States ?
Mr. WADE. I do not know that I can state
why it has not been presented to the Court of
Claims. There are many claims before the com-
mittee that have never been presented tothe court.
I presume it is optional with the claimants to
send them to the Court of Claims, or not. We
have established no sp^ftal rule as to whether we
shall take cognizance of them, or send them to
the court. 1 think the case was examined by the
committee, and determined before the court went
into operatio'n; and probably this report is ante-
cedent tothe action-of the court. We investi-
gated the facts before the court was established.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to ask when
this claim was first presented to Congress?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In 1834, I believe.
Mr. WADE. I cannot remember the circum-
stances now, for itis some time since the com-
mittee had it under examination.
Mr. WELLER. Has there been any action,
either of the Committee or the Senate, on this
claim before?
Mr. WADE. Not that I am aware of. The
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] was a witness
before the committee, and I believe he -attested
the merits of the claim to some extent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move to refer the bill to
i { the Court of Claims. I have considered that, in
I, regard to all these claims, it was the duty of the
j! committee, under the pnnciples established in the
bill creating the court, to refer to the court every
claim against the Government of the United,
ij States, based on any recognized principle of law
i or equity jurisprudence. If the claim is on the
I liberality of Congress, it is perfectly correct and
'proper that the committee should report the
'grounds on which our liberality is appealed to;
I but if the claim is one based or* principles of law -
| or equity, such as are administered m courts of
1) justice, the Government ought to have an oppor-
tunity-of resisting the claim, through its solicitor
I! ill the Court of Claims, and sifting the testimony,
!i and producing countervailing testimony. 1 P-
n derstood it was the general impression of alPbf
h us when this court was established, that when-
ti ever an appeal was made to Congress on the
