itf4
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Todd.
Ho. of Reps.
•under tlieir constitutional rights, in their primary
assemblages, might not resummon the officers of
elections, and proceed to hold that election under
the organic laws of the Territory ? I merely
throw out this idea now, not that it is conclu-
sive to my mind, or that 1 have given it that con-
sideration which the question deserves; but I
■want all the facts and all the law laid before the
House; then, and not until then, will I be pre- j
-pared to cast my vote for receiving or rejecting ;
cither of the honorable gentlemen who claim this j
seat. But, I say here, that the Hon. Andrew H. |
Reeder does, on the face of this memorial, con-
test the seat of the sitting Delegate from Kansas. !
He claims that seat—claims to be elected at the
only valid election held for that purpose ; and I
want to give him an opportunity of showing that
fact. If he fails—if he does not make out his
case, I am ready to reject him; if he substantiates
his claim, I am ready to receive him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have, therefore, the
'subject-matter of the contest, and we have a con-
testant. The case has been referred to a Com-
mittee of the House; and in the usual and ordi-
nary course of business the committee ask of the
House to give them that which is an usual, and
proper, ana necessary authority to carry on the
investigation which you have referred to them.
But, sir, look at the unusual nature of the
abjection which is made to conferring on that
committee the authority for which they ask. You
refer this matter to their investigation, you impose
upon them the duty of inquiring into the facts of
this case; yet when that committee come before
the House, asking for authority to enable them
to proceed, you propose to cramp their powers,
stifle further examination, and that, as I contend,
■without the shadow of law or equity.
It is alleged, sir, that the Hon. Andrew H.
Reeder is not entitled to contest the seat of the
sitting Delegate from Kansas, because the Legis-
lature of Kansas had the exclusive jurisdiction
over the qualifications of its own members, and
because they have made a record of these facts,
'and that record is conclusive.
This question comes up as an original question.
The point has been raised for the first time in
this House. It has not been decided by any other
tribunal; and the question is simply, whether the
body of men calling themselves the Legislature of
Kansas were a lawful body, having a valid and
legal existence ? If they were, they could judge
of the qualifications of their own members; if they
had no legal vitality, they could perform no lawful
ttct. The memorialist alleges th&t there was not
any Legislature in Kansas, and he offers to prove
the fact, as any other fact is proven, before a com-
petent tribunal. On the other hand, the sitting
"Delegate produces the volume containing the laws
enacted by the body of persons in question, and
con ten ds that their own record prom their legal exist-
ence.' The allegation of the memorialist strikes at
their authority to enact any law and they offer to
wove their right to enact laws by producing the
laws themselves ! But admit for the sake of the
■argument that this pretended Legislature were
elected by an invading force from Missouri, and
■what pretense can there be for the assertion that
they can constitute themselves, by the enactment
of laws, the lawful Legislature of Kansas ? It
would be wrong on wrohg—a continuation and
perpetuation of the outrage. Fortunately for the
cause of justice, this House may inquire into, and
judge of the qualifications of its members, and )
prevent the perpetrators of wrong from sitting in .
judgment in their own cause.
Let us bring this question palpably before ua. :
Let us suppose that what the memorialist alleges '
he is able to prove, and of which we have had so
much corroborative testimony, is true—that an
armed and excited mob from the border counties
of Missouri invaded the Territory of Kansas,
and by force and violence drove the electors from
the polls, and when all law and all right was thus
placed at defiance, organized themselves into a
Territorial Legislature. No w, sir, I desire to know
if there is any man upon the floor of this House
who would be willing, with these facts before him,
to take the "record"'of such a body as undeniable
evidence of the legal existence and authority of
the body itself?
Sir, this question joes behind the record. It
brings into question the right of the body to make
a record. The case cited by the gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Cullen,] of Fletcher us. Peck, has
no bearing upon the issue involved in this discus-
sion. There a court held they had no power to
■ annul the acts of a State Legislature, but the legal
I existence of the Legislature was not in question.
! Their authority as a Legislature was not denied;
! but it was properly alleged in that case that, in-
j asmuch as a lawfully constituted Legislature had
j acted upon the subject-matter then in dispute, the
I court could not go behind the record. But I
! deny that the action of this pretended Legislature
is binding upon the members of this House.
We may call into question their right to make
any decision which shall be binding upon this
body.
Mr. Speaker, the House desires information.
"Is there a Legislature in Kansas or not? The ap-
plication here made for authority to send for per-
sons and papers appeals to the candor, the justice,
and liberality of the House. It has been said that
if we adopt the pending resolution it will involve
the expenditure of large sums of money. It will
no doubt cause the expenditure of a reasonable
sum of money, for a reasonable and ordinary pur-
pose; but let me ask gentlemen when the neces-
sity for the expenditure of a sum of money de-
terred the American people from doing justice
themselves, or in demanding it from others? It is
an argument unworthy the consideration of a just
people; and I repeat, sir, that neither the lapse of
time, nor the necessity for appropriating all the
money necessary for the purpose, shall prevent
me from giving my voice and vote for the most
ull and searching inquiry.
It is a maxim of the common law, of universal
application, and in harmony with every sound
principle of jurisprudence, that " no man shall
take advantage of his own wrong." This prin-
ciple, just in its application to individuals, is
eaually just and proper in its application to bodies
of men. If the charges of invasion, and wrong,
and outrage are true, as stated by the memorialist,
how can this pretended Legislature take advan-
tage of their own illegal acts, and of the violence
of those with whom they were acting, and sit in
judgment on their own case, and perpetuate their
wrong by obtaining its final consummation in this
House? Shall we become parties to it? Shall
we make their false record the record of this great
and truthful nation? The public press,informa-
tion derived from persons who have returned
'from Kansas, telegraphic dispatches, and exec-
utive messages, all go to show that the Territory
of Kansas was invaded, and that the people were
obliged to take up arms in their own defense. If
these grave charges are true, then, we dare, and
we will, go behind the false record which hides
such outrages, and protects such fraud. You
will go behind the seals and parchment. You
desire to know the truth. To deny investigation
is to stultify every sentiment of right that is dear
to the American people,
Ithas been saia—and l find the doctrine referred
to in the minority report of the Committee of
Elections—that the Hon. Andrew H. Reeder has
estopped himself from inquiring into the validity
of the claim made by the sitting Delegate to a seat
in this House.
It is urged that Governor Reeder has not been
sufficiently prompt in making the objection which
he now makes—that he recognized the Legis-
lature of Kansas, and cannot now dispute their
authority. On the other hand, Governor Reeder
declares that he acted as soon as he received in-
formation of the acts complained of, and that he is
able to show from testimony the most conclusive
that his conduct has been consistent throughout.
However this may be, the doctrine of equitable
estoDpel has no application here. Governor
Reeaer, an individual, may estop himself of his
private right, but he cannot estop or deprive the
people of the Territory of Kansas of their rights
and privileges. This question does not present
itself as an issue of right between the Hon. An-
drew H. Reeder and the sitting Delegate. It
has a much broader range. It is a question
Detween the people of Kansas, on the one hand,
and an alleged foreign and pretended Legislature,
on the other. The people of Kansas have done,
and can do, no act which will prevent them from
being fairly and equally represented in this Hall.
Their right to be represented here depends not in
the smallest degree upon airy act of commission
or omission on the part of Governor Reeder. I
do not suppose that the doctrine of estoppel will
be urged by any gentleman in this House.
But it is said that a commission to take testi-
mony in the Territory will answer every neces-
sary purpose, and the minority report recommends
the measure, provided, in the opinion of this
House, any further action is decided upon. I
believe, sir, it would be impracticable to take tes-
timony 111 the Territory under the existing state
of affairs. The excitement is such that a com-
mission could not be fairly executed; witnesses
would be intimidated, or would decline to testify.
Nor do I believe that testimony supposed to be
adverse to the dominant party there would be
jj suffered to leave the Territory.
I have presented to the House these few remarks
on the question under consideration. I wish to
say for myself, because I believe that I am rep-
resenting the views of my constituents, that I am
in favor of this investigation. I do not believe
that my constituents would be satisfied, if I did
not stand up in my place and advocate the right
and the duty of this House to investigate the
whole subject.
In the course of debate, some reflections have
been made which may or may not affect the char-
acter of the Hon. A. H. Reeder; and I wish to
say further, that the executive appointment found
him in the bosom of his family beloved, in the
social circle esteemed, in the practice of his pro-
fession eminent, and among his fellow-citizena
honored. He was a valued citizen of Pennsyl-
vania, content with honors of his own achieving—
seeking no office, asking no preferment. It was
thus the executive appointment found him; and
I believe him to be as true a man, as valuable a
citizen, as worthy of the confidence of his peers,
now that official confidence has been withdrawn,
| as when it was reposed in him by the Chief Ma-
1 gistrate of the land. I do not stand here as the
: defender or apologist of Andrew H. Reeder, for
he requires none. I feel assured that if an oppor-
tunity be afforded him, he can prove such facts
as will vindicate his official position, and triumph-
antly sustain his course in relation to the Terri-
tory of Kansas. But such opportunity has been
uniformly denied him; it was denied him by the
Executive before he was stricken from his place
as Governor; up to thig moment it has not been
conceded by the members of this House. If, in
the end, he shall be permitted to justify his posi-
tion, and spread before the public the acts of his
official life, it will be seen that he will come forth
from the furnace without the smell of fire upon
his garments.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. LEMUEL TODD,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. TODD said:
Mr. Speaker: I feel some reluctance in pro-
longing this discussion, arising out of the fact,
that several members from my own State have
already participated in it; but the subject is one
of so much importance, and occupies and absorbs
so much of the attention of our people, that I feel
justified in making a few observations on it.
The point most strongly insisted on, and most
carefully elaborated by those who resist the adop-
tion of the resolution submitted by the Committee
of Elections, is a denial of the power of this House
to inquire into and pass upon the illegality of the
Kansas Legislature, and tne statute under which
the sitting Delegate from that Territory claims to
have been elected. As I understand it, the broad
proposition is affirmed, that this House is bound
to recognize the validity of an act of a Territorial
Legislature passed under the forms of law, irre-
spective and in defiance of the fact, that legislative
functions were usurped in enacting such law, on
