174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Window, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Carlile, Cox,
Cullon, Henry Winter Davis, Ethend?e, Eustis, Evans,
Foster, J. Morrison Hams, Hoffman, Kemiett, Lake, Lind-
ley, Alexander K. ManJiall, Humphrey Marshall, Milhvard,
Paine, Porter, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Siteed* Swope, Tnppe, Underwood, Vaik,
Walker, Wlutney. and Zoliieoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Me&sis. Dunn,Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Mooie, Robison, and Scott.
For Mr. Orr~Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Hfwy M. Fuller.
' For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Brenton.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohi,o. I regret the ne-
cessity of asking of the House, the privilege of
making astatement somewhat personal in its char-
acter. I do not, know that I shall be able to make
it as intelligible as I could wish in a short tiiflfe, as
it may involve the necessity of an explanation from
a colleague of mine from Ohio, and also from
some other members of the House. I therefore
ask that I can be permitted, by unanimous con-
sent, to occupy more than ten minutes of the
time of the House. [A general assent was ex-
pressed to the request.] 1 preface the reading of
a portion of a letter written by my venerable
colleague from the western reserve fMr. Gid-
i>iNGsj to a paper in his district, republished in
the New York Tribune and other papers, to which
my attention was not called until within a day or
two, by this statement. T regret exceedingly that
ever my name was connected with this question
of the speakership. 1 regret still more th$it the
spirit of frankness and candor I have endeavored
to evince in all the conferences 1 have had with
the members of this body, has not seemed to
have been met with a corresponding spirit.
From the very commencement, sir, I took the
ground, when 1 was consulted, that 1 desired those
who were opposed to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise to confer together and ascertain who
was the strongest man to be run for that office, to
let me know the result, and I would stand by them
to the end in his support; expressing for myself
simply this desire, that if our friends thought
proper to present my name, if it should be ascer-
tained that 1 had the greatest amount, of strength,
they should stand by me, not deserting or leaving
me to be humiliated m the face of the common
foe. Suggestions were made that it would be well
to gratify this man and that man with compli-
mentary votes, to which I uniformly responded
that I wanted no complimentary votes, that I cafne
here to transact busincs#—to elect a Speaker, &c.,
and not for compliments at the expense of duty.
1 send now the extract to which 1 refer, and
ask that, it may be read. There are other mat-
ters in the letter with which I have nothing to
do. I ask the Clerk to read merely the extract
I have marked.
►Several Members. Read it all. Let it all be
read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is because of its length
that i only ask that the portion I have indicated
may be lead.
The Clerk then proceeded to read as follows:
"On Tm^itav, it wfb pi opened to give iflr. Oampbelt.
as iniih a vnn  as we could, prep.u.ito'V to Icaviuir him and
comM'iituniiirupon sonic oiliei candidate. One gentleman,
of 'N'evv \ uik, lhfuriui'd me that it w.w agtceil to tfo ,'oi
Mr. Basics, of .MaNs.u'lm-w'lN, iw\t ; ami when we had
given a-s in^U a vote as we could, we should then elect Mr.
J'oninoton, ot NewJer-e). Hedidnot t*ay by whom such
aguM>nient had been entered into. Mr. vote \\ .is
rai-ed, b^thc ctToitf-ot Mi. Banks's fnei]d*,to eighty-one ; 1
but^Mi. Campbell's friends were unwilling to have him
with.haw. They thought such a nmjouty ought not to jjeld
to a juniority. Bui it should bo borne m mind that tins ma-
jojiIj uiife in a huge proportion made up of members who
prolened otiiei candidate:-, hut who were induced to vote
for Mr C.\a}'BrLHrt order to srrutijif him and hi* fiiendb,
and place jnm m a Mtuaaon to witluhaw honorably.
"A.- in-. fuend-> did not withdraw Ins name, members
began to load oifon to Mi. Banks, until Cami'BU.i/s vote
fell down to torty-h\e I had been among those who had
gncn out votes/or Bwk-s wiie.i it was fir^t proposed to
give Campbcll a heaw poll, preparatojy to withdrawal;
and. at the earnest sohc nation of fnends, changed, auU
again vot'-d tor htm, when J had no expectation of ins elec-
tion. it wn*,m my opinion, a wiong vote; for statesmen
should <ilw cu& i.jove dueet'y and lrankiv to their object.
Yel ir gi.itihi'd inend^, at the expen.-u o{ my own consist-
em*} on tno iocoid— a thing which I never did befoie, and
think I never will again."
'■ + ■******* +
" At the adjournment of the House there was some feel-
ing against 3Ir. Campbell, of our Stat"3. He had probabiv
been somewhat imprudent in expressing the opinion that
£fr. Banks cguld not be elected, and inferences werediawn
also from the fact that those three members from Ohio,and
two tfom Indiana, being his friends, vet voting in opposition
to Mr. Banks, had done so with Mr. Campbell's approval.
I merely give the historic fact that this feeling existed some-
what extensively, without expressing any opinion as to its
correctness."
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. 1
would ask the gentleman from Ohio whether,
or not, he has any objection to the reading of
the entire letter? I, of course, shall not propose
the reading of any portion to which he objects.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My only objection to the
reading of the entire paper is, that it would con-
sume too much of the time of the House. [Cries
of " Read it !"1
Mr. HOUSTON. Time will be allowed you
for the reading of the paper.
The CLERK. The House, it seems, desires
that the paper shall be read. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio object?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will proceed with my
remarks, for the purpose of making which I took
the floor. That portion of it has been read which
applies to me personally. I have nothing to do
with that portion which refers to others.
Mr. Clerk, before presenting my objections to
the paragraph which has just been read, I have
to request of those persons who agreed and con-
sulted with mo relative to the question of the
speakership, that tliey will, if I have stated any-
thing in reference to it which is not strictly true,
rise up in their places and make it now known.
Do any of them deny I took the position, uni-
formly, that I wanted no personal gratification,
110 complimentary votes? I pause. There is no
one; and I will proceed.
Mr. Clerk, the inference fairly rledncible from
the extract in my colleague's letter, which has
just been read, and whicJi has gone before the
country, is, that J stood here keeping this body
together for five days, asking simply that I
should get a vote that would gratify my own
feelings and allow me to retire with honor. If
my colleague meant to make a charge against
me of that sort, either directly or indirectly,! de-
sire that he will say so before this House and the
country. If not, I must bo relieved from the
inferential imputation of that paper.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Clerk, I have but a
word to say, and that word is, and will be. well
understood b.y the House and the country. When
I speak from my scat or by my pen, it is my
intention, at ail times, to titter the simple truth—
to do no man injustice. My colleague does not
deny one word or syllable that is written in the
extract, read. I do not understand him as deny-
in" any; if hp does, he will say so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my colleague intends
that the inference shall be drawn from what he
has written, that I desired a single vote for per-
sonal gratification, I tell him that it is without
any foundation in fact.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If my colleague intends to
say, that I might have uttered sentiments which
would have been untrue—if he wishes me to now
state matters which I never thought of declaring—
then I can say to him that I have no disposition
to do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague can settle
the matter in a moment. Did he intend that the
inference I have indicated should be drawn from
what he had written?
Mr. GIDDINGS. If my colleague will keep
cool, he will be answered. -
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will keep as cool as my
colleague.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I see no reason why my
friend or myself should be excited on the present
occasion. 1 state now, as I "have done already,
that I gave utterance to naught other than the
simple facts. I never thought of saying, nor did
i ever intend to say, that my colleague had made
or entered into any arrangement of the kind to
which allusion has beon made. 1 never exchanged
a word with him on the subject; nor did I hear a
man express the idea of his in any way interfer-
ing1 in the question. I have imputed to him no
expression of the kind indicated. In explaining
the difficulties here, I did state what members had
said, what it was proposed to do, and what has
been done. My colleague takes no exception to
i that; but he thinks that an inference might be
! drawn which would be prejudicial to him. if he
j desires it, I will exculpate 'him from any lmplica-
j tion, or conclusion, or imputation of the charac- ,
ter described; for I intended none such. [Cries
of "That is enough!" "That will do!"] 1 think
that my colleague might have saved some imputa-
tions in regard to myself which were in the first
portion, of his remarks. He must know that, if I
have any sentiment which reigns predominant, it
is to do him and every other colleague, and, indeed,
every man in this House, full and exact justice.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly said nothing
in any unkind feeling.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I withdraw what I
have said on that point. I did think that there
was some unkind expressions in the first por-
tion of my colleague's remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have had no disposition
of unkindncss towards the gentleman.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Therefore I withdraw any-
thing in my remarks which my colleague may
think unkind towards him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I confess, Mr. Clerk, and
I think that the House will justify me in the con-
clusion, that there seemed to be something in the
letter of my colleague which cast an imputation"
on me. I desired my colleague to relieve himself
from any intention of such imputation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 4Phe unkind remarks to
which I referred were those in which my col-
league stated that he had dealt in great frankness,
and had hoped to have been met in a correspond-
ing feeling of candor. That was the substance,
if not the exact words of the gentleman's remarks.
I thought it meant to impute tQ, me the want of
candor and friendly feeling.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I had reference in those
remarks to other matters than my colleague's
letters.
Mr. GIDDINGS. You did not impute want
of frankness to mn ?
Air. CAMPBELL. I did not. In all our con-
versations there has been, I believe, mutual
frankness.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdraw every unkind
expression on my part.
Mr. CAMPBELL. X want to know, before I
leave this matter, whether there "is any friend
of mine who ever heard me, during this contro-
versy, express, either directly or indirectly, any
desire to rcceivc any vote to gratify myself, or in
order that I might retire with honor. If there is
any such, I request it as a favor that he will get
up in his placc and declare the fact. As there is
no member who will make such declaration, X
have nothing further to say on this subject.
1 come now to another matter to which I desire
to call the attention of the House, because it seems
to aiTect my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] as well as myself. I am not in the habit of
noticing on this floor what the newspapers say of
me. _ In six years'"service I have never consumed
the time of tnis House with any such explanation.
Were I to undertake to correct all the misrepre-
sentations that have been made through the news-
paper press in reference to my course during the
last few months, it would take perhaps a week of
the valuable time of this body. I recollect that
during the last summer—and I speak of it now
in the hearing of one of the editors of the paper,
who, as an ex-member of Congress, is entitled
to the privileges of the Hall—I was denounced
in the New York Tribune as being in the city of
Philadelphia, endeavoring to sell out the northern
portion of the American party to the "slave oli-
garchy " of the South.
The truth of the matter is simply this, that at
that very time I could not have been in the city
of Philadelphia, unless I had been sent by this
new system of telegraph which the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Pennington] has spoken
of, in the morning from my home on the Miami,
and returned again in time for my dinner. In
reference to the charge of being a " doughface,"
that has been heralded through that press and
others, to my constituents, and all over the coun-
try, I have simply to say, without intending to
use denunciatory language, or any expressions
of unkmdness to those eciiors, that there is not
one syllable of truth in this charge. I have uni-
formly, since I have been connected with politics,
taken the position, that power is conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution to exclude slavery
from the Territories, and I have contended that
it is expedient to exercise that power. I have
fought the battle before the people upon that
principle, and I appeal to gentlemen from every
