1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 25,
ground of right in the claimant, that right should
first be established before the court.
Mr. WADE. This is one of a class of cases of
■which a great many came before the Committee on
Claims, and were acted on, I am sure, prior to
the time when the court got into operation.
Although this particular report is later than that,
it is only a renewal of a former report based on
prior investigations. It stands precisely on the
same principle as other bills which have been
passed at this session. There are two or three
cages from Maryland, and one from this District,
for damages for tobacco destroyed by the British,
which have been acted upon by the Senate this
year; so that this is not to be distinguished from
other cases which we have passed upon. I sup-
pose the reason why it hasnotgone to the Court
of Claims was, because the committee had inves-
tigated it thoroughly, and made up their minds
anterior to the time when the court went into op-
eration. I am sure I should be glad to be re-
lieved from all these cases, and have them go
to the court. X feel no interest in this bill; but
it stands on the same principle as others which
have been passed at this session.
Mr. TOOMBS. Some time ago, early in the
spring, on a claim presented by the Senator from
California, I endeavored to du what my friend
from Louisiana is now doing so much better than
I can—call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that we should, if necessary, make an order that
the committee should report to the Senate in favor
of referring "to the Court of Claims all claims
within their jurisdiction. Why should we not
do this? If the cases are within the jurisdiction
of the court, they ought to go there. It ought to
be an inflexible rule, it is a certain rule. Ushould
be applied to every memorial presented to the
Senate. Otherwise we shall have two classes of
cases—one before the court, and the other before
the committees.—on the old system, when the
parties may not wish to undergo the ordeal of in-
vestigation by the court. Thus parties will be left
to come here or go to the court, as they think
may be most advantageous to their fortunes. We
designed by the establishment of the court to nd
the Senate of these investigations. We want the
facts before us. We want the opinion of the
court mi the principles involved. 1 trust the
Senate will adhere to tlnitpolicy. Itis one which
i t liinlc meets general acquiescence. Then let the
Senate merely look at the decision of this court
as a court of errors, fake the tacts as conceded,
and unless theie is an error in the principle laid
down, pass the bill presented by the court ncm.
con. Then we shall have some sort of security;
but we .shall not have any if one class is to be
taken up and sent to the committees. There aie
a i'rtuit many facts which we cannot look into
propelly. The reasons for making this law apply
to all these cases. If the chum is within the juris-
diction of tiie court, it ought to go there; if it is
not within the jurisdiction of the court, it belongs
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. BKGD1 LEAD. I suggest to my friend
from Maine the propriety of having the report
read, and then we shall see whether the court has
jurisdiction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word to say to
the honorable Senator from Georgia. This ques-
tion was considered by the Committee on Claims,
and the committee came to the conclusion, as 1
think the Senator from Georgia, on reflection,
will be well satisfied, that there are some claims
which come within the jurisdiction of the court,
winch, if sent there, would be m fact denying all
relief whatever, for the simple reason, that the
amount is so small, m many cases, tliat.it would
exhaust a much larger sum than the value of the
claim to litigate them before the court. For in-
stance, a man may come here with a claim of one
or two hundred dollars.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is <,3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEA. 1 am not speaking of
tlic amount of this claim: the propriety of send-
ing this to the couit is another question. But the
Senator from Georgia suggests that the rule
oi'jrhi to be inllexiole and invariable. I dilfer
wall him upon that point, and the committee
c;u(!$ to a different conclusion for the reason
winch I have staled. We have established a
court: but every one knows that, if a mangoes
before iLe L'ourt ol Claims, lie must employ
counsel, and go through a regular course of liti-
gation, which is expensive.
Mr. TOOMBS. The very argument which the
Senator is now making was made against the
bill establishing the court. His remark is true
of every tribunal of the United States, where
justice is administered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but the
Senator must recollect that ordinarily a man has
his remedy near his own door, and if his action
is against a private individual, he can Judge for
himself about bringing suit; but here is a claim
against the Government of the United States.
The Government of the United States cannot be
sued in the ordinary way. In order to have any
remedy against them, the only course originally
was to petition Congress. Now the answer is: we
have provided a tribunal; but in many cases, to
avail a claimant of the tribunal that is provided
would exhaust more means than the flinount of
the claim itself. It would badly comport with
the character of this Government, or any Gov-
ernment, to say to a person having a very small
claim, " The only way you can get it is to go to
a tribunal where you must necessarily expend a
great deal more money than your claim amounts
to in order to be heard, and then you must go to
Congress after all." Now, therefore, while I
agree, and have agreed from the beginning, that
all claims which are of sufficient amount to
justify sending them to the Court of Claims,
where to do so would not be in fact a denial of
all remedy, ought to go to that tribunal. If this
claim is for $3,000, it should go there in my judg-
ment, if it is properly subject to the jurisdiction
of the court.
Mr. BENJAMTN. Jt is over two thousand
nine hundred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where the claim is for
a sum that will justify a resoit there, it ought to
be sent to that tribunal.
Mr. WADE. I came.to the conclusion that
this claim did not rest on strict legal principles,
and that the court would probably dismiss it for
want of jurisdiction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no recollection of
this particular case. I think it must have been
taken up when I was absent,for-I have no remem-
brance of its circumstanecs; and I usually attend
the meetings of the committee. I think the prob-
ability is, that the fact is as my friend from Ohio
states; fori know that the committee, in some
instances, when I was present, came to the con-
clusion that the claims presented tous were proper
for the court, and dismissed them for that reason;
but I object to having any invariable rule estab-
lished by the Senate of the kind mentioned by
the Senator from Georgia, because the result
would be, that we should deny justice to a con-
siderable class of claimants who aie really unable
to carry their claims there. The amount of some
claims is too small to justify them in doing so, or
to make it an object to counsel to attend to them
for any share of what they might recover; so that
in fact such claimants would be deprived of any
remody whatever by our act. It would be un-
just in its operation; and I trust no such rule will
be established here when the only tribunal we
have provided is one attended with so much ex-
pense.
Mr. CASS. I should be very sorry to have
this, the first case, taken from the immediate
jurisdiction and action of the Senate, on account
of its peculiar circumstances. I know the facts,
and I know the claimants. The claim originated
in 1H13, and is a very strong case. The original
claimant is dead; he has left two poor, helpless
daughters, one a cripple, and the other support-
ing her sister and herself by nothing m the world
but her own exertions. Year after year this
claim has been brought before Congress. The
Senate will probably recollect that a year or two
after the war, a board was instituted for the pur-
pose of investigating and paying claims of tins
nature. They went on to such extent, that Mr.
Madison actually took upon himself to stop the
law, and did stop it; and undoubtedly he was
justified by the circumstances. The result was,
however, that those nearest the seat of Govern-
ment, and bestable to push foiwaid their claims,
got them allowed, and were paid lart;e amounts
out of the Treasury. That for some years gave
a bad odor to every similar claim. This case
arose at the time when the British made an irrup-
tion from Canada on our frontier, in 1813, and a
vast deal of property was destroyed. Mr. Bron-
son, for years liefore his death, was trying to get
his claim allowed. It has now been before a com-
mittee, and the facts are all presented; and 1 do
hope and trust the Senate, under the circum-
stances of the case, and the condition of these
claimants, will allow the report to be read, and
proceed to pass the bill.
Mr. WELLER. 1 think the rule to which the
Senator from Georgia refers ought not to be
applied to persons whose claims have been pre-
sented to Congress prior to the organization of
the Court of Claims. There are a great many
cases which have been pending before Congress
for a series of years. They have been passed upon
by our committees. They have sometimes been
acted on by one branch of Congress, and failed
in the other for want of action there. I think it
would be very unjust, after the Senate have been
put in possession of all the facts connected with
them, to subject the claimants in such cases to
an investigation before the Court of Claims. It
would be proper, in my judgment, that all the
claims presented since the organization of that
Court, which come under the principles of law
or equity, as recognized in courts of justice,
should be referred to the Court of Claims. But here
are cases—thi3 is one of them—I understand that
have been pending before Congress many years.
The facis'have been fully investigated by a com-
mittee of the Senate; they have reported in favor
of the payment. Now, would it not operate aa
a denial of justice to order these'parties to go
into the Court of Claims to prosecute their claim.
Are we not as well prepared to act on it now aa
when it shall be returned to us by the Court of
Claims ? We have a supervising control; we arc
not compelled to make appropriations even after
a party has secured ins claim in the court. If it
has been investigated by our own committee—if
we are in possession of ail the facts, as we can
be by reading the report, why not pass the bill
and extend relief?
Mr. CASS. I feel a deep interest in this bill;
I know the persons concerned; they live near
me. I say nothing m regard to this case which
1 do not know. It has been before the Senate
for twenty years, and has been repeatedly re-
ported upon favorably. The first report was
made by Mr. Whittlesey, whose character every
one knows for accuracy and strictness. He re-
ported against it, not on the ground that the
claim was not just, but because there was some
defect in the evidence, which has since been sup-
plied. The facts he within a nut-shell. Mr.
Bronson was going away before the British, like
the rest of the people in that region, and he had
his goods in two wagons. The United States
took possession of his teams, for the purpose of
using them, and thus left his property to be taken
by the British. That is the whole case.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to act m conformity
with principle in this matter. I know that the
Senator from Michigan has given reasons which
but too often controT the Senate and the House
of Representatives—the condition of the parties.
We wanted the Court of Claims, so that a de-
cision should not be made oil the ground that
one party is a cripple, and another poor. That
is not the principle on which justice ought to be
administered anywhere.
The Senator from California says that this
court was intended for cases arising after the pas-
sage of the act. Why, sir, one great reason
assigned for-the act was the lumbering up of the
dockets of the Senate and House, i remember
it was said there were then eight hundred cases
j upon the docket of the House of Representatives,
! and in consequence of their great number they
i could not be reached. One great argument for
! tlie establishment of the court was, that all the
! cases upon the docket should be turned over to
the court, and there examined under the forms of
; law, where both sides could be heard. It was
| well known that they could not be examined prop-
i erly by the two Houses of Congress, and this
I was the great reason for establishing the court.
| The Senator from California says we are as well
prepaied to act upon thib case now as we shall be
after an examination by the court, because the
; committee of the Senate have investigated and
I presented the facts. That cannot he correct; lor
j we know that the reports of committees aro
