900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
obtained from-a spring two miles north, which
was purchased by the Government, and which, as
I have always found, afforded water sufficient for
the purposes of the building.
And, sir, yourTreasurybutlcfmgand President's
mansion, T believe, are supplied with water from
another spring in Franklin square. In addition
lo the water supplied by these springs, a number
of buildings upon the Avenue are also supplied.
It is true, that, for a time, when so much water
was wanted to be used in the construction of the
extensions, the quantity furnished was somewhat
restricted, but it has generally been found to be
sufficient.
Now, sir, the object is to supply the city; the
pretext, to supply the public buildings. If there
was no benefit to be derived from it by the prop-
erty-holders in the city, we should, perhaps,
never have heard of this project—this magnificent
project to bring water into the city at an expense
of from $2,500,000 to $5,000,000. But, sir, if it
is proposed that this water shall be brought here
at the expense of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, I am willing that the public build-
ings shall be supplied, and that we shall pay for
it. I am willing that the Government shall not
go into any particular calculation as to the relative
value of property, but shall pay liberally and
bountifully—more than its proportion, in orderto
bring water here, whenever Congress shall exer-
cise its power in levying a tax upon property for
that purpose.
I doubt not, sir, that the principal hotels on
Pennsylvania Avenue would use more water in
the course of a year than all the public buildings
in the city. Then, t ask, why is it that the
people of the whole country should be taxed to
cnhance the value of private property in this
city ?
We come here, sir, in a two-fold capacity—as
the Legislature for tin? whole United States, and as
the local Legislature for the District of Columbia;
and when wo come here as the local legislature,
in my opinion—although it is true we have the
power—yet we should not put our hands into
the Federal Treasury for the benefit of the people
of the District. We have the power, it is true,
but I do not believe that it is, strictly speaking,
constitutionally right to take the money of the
whole people and appropriate it for the special
benefit of the citizens of the District.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move to rcducc the appro-
priation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, the reason why 1 oppose the
Senate amendment under consideration is not
bccause I am opposed to supplying the citizens
of Washington and Georgetown with water.
Mr. J3ARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman
whother there is not a company here now asking
for a contiact to supply these cities with water?
Mr. PillNGLE. Not that I know of, or have
heard of.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Such is the fact.
Mr. PillNGLE. I say J do not oppose this
appropriation because 1 am opposed to the bring-
ing of water into these cities. I do not oppose
it from any mean, niggardly spirit of economy. I
am willing that the Government shall pay even
double its share towards supplying this city with
water. But I do not think that we have com-
menced this work right. We ought to have a
separate bill making provision for the construc-
tion of this work. The citizens of Washington
and Georgetown should be taxed to pay a por-
tion of the expense. The Government ought, 1
admit, to pay its fair share. But it is wrong to
provide for cairying on public works in such a
loose, slovenly manner as has been done m this
instance. No great work ought to be carried on
with loose facts and estimates. Everything ought
to be accurately measured and properly managed.
I will quote from General Tottcn's "first report
to Congress, to show on what a grand scale this
work is to be done. lie says:
" The conjunction upon the eid.nged ^-ale suggested by
Lieutenant Mciqs ^ iiiucli to be prefcned. /twill nearly
double the delivery of water; and hiJe it would lemoveall
danger of an insufficient  upplj of water hereafter, it would
introduce into the city, available tor manufacturing pur-
po&es, and at a small increase of co&t, a wator-powei of
nearly ojie thousand seven hundred hor&es."
That was under the seven feet conduit. Under
the nine feet conduit it would be near three thou-
sand horse power. He goes on to say:
" The Great Falls project will cost, complete, $1,921,244.
Constant and eveilastmg daily supply, thirty-six millions
fifteen thousand and four hundred gallons. Advantages t
Simplicity and durability; perfect security and inexhausti-
ble and unfailing source; lavish use, which can be indulged
in in consequeuce of abundant supply; power of street
washing, cooling the air, and embellishing the city by great
fountains; use for driving small machines, lathes, printing
presses, and the like; great space for settling and purifying
m reservoirs^ and great quantity in stoie for emergencies ;
small expense of keeping up the works when oncc estab-
lished, and consequent low price of water delivered in
houses or factories."
This evidently contemplates that we shall have
to maintain an army of officers to keep up this
work. Before I take my seat, I beg to call atten-
tion to the following poetry in the report:
" Fountains judiciously placed, and kept constantly flow-
ing, conduce, by the currents they cause m the sewers, as
much to the health of a city, as by the coolness they diffuse;
they add to its comfort, while, bythe grace of their spaik-
ling jets, they please the eye and add beauty to comfort and
health. The pleasure denved from a fountain seems in-
btincuve; iu& associated with our earliest reading. The
cool fountain in the deseit, by which the patriarch of old
watered his flocks, the noble fountains of ancient and
modern Rome, have been objects of admiiation and sources
of pleasure from the earliest times ; and the same feeling
that makes the nide but devout Arab invoke the blessings
of Allah upon the builder of the murmuring fountain or
descit tank is shown m our modem cities, where crowds
gather in the heats of summer to enjoy the grateful coolness
of the Roman fountains—legacies from that ancicnt people—
or the splendid jet of Boston common, the pioposed display
of the New Yoikpuik, or the Philadelphia Fairmount."
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, my friend from
Now York seems specially to object to this appro-
priation on two grounds; the first is a want of
coherence in the grammar in which it is expressed,
and the second is bccause of some imagination in
the report which is connected with it. I have no
objection either to a'eorrection of the grammar,
or an amendment to the imaginative portion of
the report, which the gentleman has read for our
satisfaction.
A Member. Does the gentleman offer the
poetry as a part of his amendment? [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. t clo not know. If he does, 1
will vote for it; although I do not tlunk that it is
the best of poetry. Egeria might very well have
been introduced; but as there is no Numahere to
cultivate her, perhaps it is best that she is left out.
The member from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] said
that he felt embarrassed by his position upon this
question, because he was goingagainst some gen-
tlemen on that side and with some on this side of
the House. I will tell him that if he went with
those on this side of the Hall much oftener, it
would be a great deal better for him; but if ho
speaks of going against the Republicans in this
instance, then they have at least one principle of
public utility.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] said
that t would agree with him that there should be
no taxation without representation. I do agree
with him. The people of the United States out-
side of the District of Columbia are represented,
and we, under certain limitations, arc made their
representatives. I am not, as my friend suggests,
voting their money for a purpose with which
they are not connected The people of the Uni-
ted States have interests in the public buildings
here, and in the archives which are left in them;
and I am voting this money for the purpose of
preserving those archives and those public build-
ings. My friend from New York and my friend
from Tennessee indirectly suggested the same
argument. Their admission is "fatal to their case.
They say that we must proceed on rigid principles
of economy and justice. These corporations and
the United States must pay to the extent of the
interest of each.
A Memuer. Not that.
Mr. KEITT. 3f you do not pay to the extent
* of your interest, to what do you pay? Here, '
| according to their argument, are two partners in J
a concern. They arc called on for contribu- ;
I tions. Is it said that one partner shall con- I
i tribute more than to the extent of his interest? |
| If it is, then is not the principle given up ? Yet '
: these gentlemen have said—be liberal! Be libe- :
: ral. What do they mean by being liberal ? Doing '
| more than m a community of interest they ought j
; to do? If we pay any more than in justice we '
ought to pay, then, why not take it all into con-
; sideration ? They give up the principle in asking
! us to give more than our interest. "If they give
up the principle, then what is it, according to
their own showing, except mere expediency ?
The Government ought to construct this work
to protect its public buildings and archives, or it
ought rigorously to estimate the various inter-
ests, and pay no more than it ought to pay in a
private concern, and then it ought to take it in
charge. I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Stanton)
reported tjiat the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the Senate amendments to
the deficiency bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that that body had passed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution for the relief of Hall Neilson;
Joint resolution for the relief of John Y. Laub,
a clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of
the Treasury;
A bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers -
of the United States Army, who sustained loss by
the disasters to the steamships Winfield Scott
and San Francisco;
A bill for the relief of Captain Langdon C.
Easton, assistant quartermaster of the United
States Army;
A bill for the relief of Levi Robinson:
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Berry, a
soldier of the Revolution;
A bill for the relief of the owners and sharesmen
of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary, Olive
Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to approve the accounts of the marshal of the
district of Missouri, for furniture provided for the
use of the circuit court of the united States for
said district, at the April term of said court held
at St. Louis in the year 1854;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of John Metcalf;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Cook and others;
A bill for the relief of Amos B. Eaton, a com-
missary of subsistence, United States Army;
A bill for the relief of the owners of the fish-
ing schooners Brandywine, Forrester, Grampus,
Ursula, Stephen C. Philips, and Union;
A bill to enable the United States to make use
of the solar compass in the public surveys;
A bill to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline New-
ington;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont;
A bill to direct the reexamination of the ac-
count between the United States and the State of
Maryland;
A bill for the relief of Dempsey Pittman;
A bill for the relief of Joshua Shaw, of Bor-
dentown, New Jersey;
A bill for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt;
A bill for the relief of Josiah S. Little:
A bill for the relief of Richard Albritton;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Halscy, widow
of Zephaniah Halscy, an officer of the Revolu-
tion ;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Forrest;
A bill for the relief of Michael Nash, of the
District of Columbia;
A bill for the relief of Cezaire Wallace, of the
parish of Bossier, and the State of Louisiana;
A bill appointing commissioners to ascertain
certain facts relative to private land claims m the
State of Michigan;
A bill to confirm Joseph Waudestrand in his
title to certain lands;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Smith;
A bill for the relief of William B. Trotter;
A bill for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;
A bill for the relief of Ccphise Piserose, widow
of Louis Labranche, of the parish of St. Charles,
in the State of Louisiana;
A bill for the benefit of the Hebrew congre-
gation of the city of Washington;
A bill for the relief of Adam D. Stcuart;
