1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IW
section of this? country to say, whether I have
not,in my poor feeble way,foughtthe battle here;
and I challenge all the Tribunes, and all the
' newspapers, and all the letter-writers, and all the
outsiders, and the rest of mankind, to prove that
I ever uttered, either in writing or orally, publicly
or privately, here or elsewhere, anything incon-
sistent with that position.
Now, Mr. Clerk, a-few days ago, our Repub-
lican friends on this side of the House thought
it best to follow in the lead of the distinguished
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and
vote for a "continuous session of this body. I
thought it was rather a remarkable thing, for I
have had the honor of sitting with that gentleman
for six years past, and 1 know he is too shrewd
a man, too good a tactician, and too well versed
inparliamentary tactics, to commit a mistake, or
maKo any proposition advantageous to his oppo-
nents. I did not think it wise that we should on
that occasion follow his lead, but I voted with my
friends, bccause I thought it best not to separate
from them on that vote. When that resolution
was passed, I made a proposition which seems
to have disturbed our friends somewhat. What
was it? Simply, that the ttffporarij presiding pow-
ers now exercised by the Clerk should be transfer-
red, until a Speaker was electcd, to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Our.] Why did 1 do
it? I stated at the time, and I now repeat—for I
want it to go to the country—that on a former and
soiAewhat similar occasion, when a temporary
presiding officer was needed, Mr. Rhett, of South
Carolina, made the courteous motion by which
there was called to that chair " the old man elo-
quent," the distinguished John Q,uincy Adams,
and I thought that, in submitting the motion, (as
I am regarded as an extreme northern man,)
there would be a seeming propriety in selecting
one fully qualified who was opposed to me in
every branch of national politics by way of re-
ciprocating the compliment then tendered by the
South to the North. On the next morningl with-
drew it, and on that occasion the distinguished
gentleman from'South Carolina [Mr. Our] made
a remark to which I paid little attention at the
time, because I regarded it only as one of the
thousand little slanders that were being passed
about here for sinister purposes; the remark was
to this effect, that there had been, as he under-
stood, a charge made that there was collusion
between the gentleman and myself in reference to
myproposition, prejudicial to me.
I find, sir, that the fact that I made that motion
has been used not only to my prejudice, but to
his. A newspaper—another Tribune—the Chi-
cago Tribune — comes here, and is circulated
through the Noithwest, containing a cluuge that
I had moved a resolution to give Mr. Onn the full
powers of Speaker, and upon thatfalsecharge they
predicate again the charge of " doughfaceism.
Other papers join in this wnr-cry, and bolster it
up by a reference to the old assault of the New
York Tribune.
Nov/, Mr. Clerk, I wish to apologize to the
gentleman from South Carolina, because it seems
that I have injured him by my motion 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) The gentleman will
pardon me for interrupting him for a moment.
CJpon the occasion to winch the gentleman re-
ferred, i thanked him for the compliment which
he paid me in placing my name in the resolution
which he offered, providing for a temporary
Chairman of this House, it is not necessary
that he should claim any pardon at my hands
now I appreciated the courtesy, and i have no
doubt that a very large proportion of the people
of that region of the country from which I come
will also appreciate his courtesy and magna-
nimity. I appreciated it highly, for the reason
that I had been associated with that gentleman
for six years upon this floor, and such a compli-
ment coming from him was more highly prized
than it would have been if it had come from a
new member. I thanked him then for it, and I
thank him now. It was a courtesy extended to
me, differing as we do in politics, which will be
appreciated by nine tenths of the people of the
region of country from whence I come, the Charles-
ton Mercury to the contrary notwithstanding.
Let me say to the gentleman that that print has
for the last four or Ave years uniformly assailed j
me without any just cause. It is powerless to |
harm or help even one so humble as myself; it is I
incapable of practicing or even appreciating a just
or generous act. I care not for its assaults, as I
do not read them. I would rather it should be
against me than for me. [Laughterand applause.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Having read the.article
in the Charleston Mercury, I did not know but I
had, by that act of mine, unwittingly, been the
means of destroying the fair fame of the gentle-
man from South Carolina at home. It would
seem that, because I made the motion, t am to be
put down at the North as a doughface; and at
the South, if the assertions of the Mercury are to
prevail, the gentleman from South Carolina is to
be put down as a Free-Soiler. Well, it will be
a fair pair-off; and when we go to the tombs
political, I hope we shall both have a more quiet
time than either of us have had here.
Again, because of these tilings, it has been
charged in-the newspapers, and it has been whis-
pered around *pon this floor, that I was, in fact,
the opponent of Mr. Banks. On that point I
have a very few words to say, and 1 shall speak
them with all frankness and candor. Mr. "Ranks
never was, and he is not now, my first choice for
the speakership, for reasons—some of them of a
public, and some of them of a private character—
which it would not be proper now to give. Hut,
Mr. Clerk, I have supported himfor about eighty
votes, with the expectation and desire that this
House might be organized. I have acted upon
the principle that, if I could not have my first
choice, nor my second choice, nor even my third
choice, I would take almost any sort of choice,
in order that wc mia:ht go on and transact the
business of the country for which the people sent
us here. I am willing to make the sacrifice of my
preferences, because I believe that every man
who loves his country ous'ht to make, some sac-
rifice of his personal predilections when he can
do so without sacrificing great principles, wish a
view to the organization of this body. That
gentleman ^nun-tains yomo political principles
which 1 cannot approves He knows it. T have
supported him because 1 believe he occupies the
same position upon the question of slavery that
J do, and which I have just avowed—a position
which proposes to give to the slave States, in good
faith, everything winch the Constitution of our
coumry guaranties to them, and which proposes
to use all the powers of that instrument—and no
more—to prevent the extension of the area or
power of the institution of slavery.
Again, I have supported Ihnt distinguished gen-
tleman under the full belief that he is, as I am—
and I am proud to declare it—an American, [ap-
plause in the galleries,] and in favor of the leading
characteristic principles of that organization. ilu
openly declared such to be his principles when
inteirog.ited in the lust Congress, and I know the
fact from other soimes. And recently, his col-
league, [Mr. Damjicli,,] when the question was
before this body, declared the fact that ho still
belonged to that organization. If I have been
deceived in this, it is due that either that gentle-
man or his friends should undeceive me now;
for there has been going on what is called the
'•crushing out" process. I understand full well
that the leading politicians of tins country, a year
ago, sent out a decree from this Capitol, that every
man who was adhering to the American party
must be " crushcd out;" and that decree was fol-
lowed up by the active efforts of prominent news-
paper editors. I have been made to feel their
power; but I still survive.
I hold in my hand a copy of a paper, issued
this day, which has a very extensive circulation
in the North—the National Era, of this city. I
find this language in that paper, speaking of the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks*:]
"What is hi* position? lie is known to have bepn a
Dfjniociaf, as he w known to br> a liepuhlio'in ; i«ut what
Republican cares lor his opinion about the taiiii?"
Now, sir, as a member of this body, I care
about his opinion,and the opinion of every other
gentleman in this House, upon the subject of the
tariff, because i am one of that class of politicians
who believe in the great American principle sus-
tained by the greatest American statesmen. that
the Government ought to protcct, by law, all the
interests, and all the industry of this favored land
of ours against the adverse policy of foreign na-
tions. Yet I do not make that question para-
mount to all others. I am willing to waive that
temporarily, for the sake of achieving a greater
end; but I cannot-waive, I do not waive, and-will
not waive, for any purpose, all the principles;
declared by the American organization.. Inow -
read a little- further from the Bra, leaving fey
others to decide whether any further explanation
from any one is necessary or not: 1 • - -
" He is known to have been a member of- the American:
order; he is now a Republican." . - ; .
The inference would seem to be—and I .wilt <
not hold the gentleman from Massachusetts-re,--
sponsible _ for it—that he has renounced his
Americanism. If that be the fact, let it be made
known, because I am bound to believe, until
there shall be some clear and satisfactory proof
to the contrary, that the statement of life col-
league, made the other day, was correct, that he
still adheres to the principles of that organiza-
tion.
And now, Mr. Clerk, having said thus much, „
I thank the House for its attention. I have been -
voting with this understanding and belief. I
have been voting for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, not because he is my first choice, but
because I believed I should be advancing these
great principles by his election; and 1 expect to
continue to vote for him until there shall be some
reasonable prospect of concentrating more suc-
cessfully the anti-Nebraska and American senti-
ment of this House upon some one else. Then' -
I am ready to leave him.
The call of the roll was then resumed, and
Mr. DAMRELL (when his name was called)
said: I wish to make a simple statement. I
desire now to reiterate the sentiment expressed
by me a few days since, when correcting the
gentleman from Virginia, in reference to the po-
sition of Mr. Banks, and in addition to that to
say, that I myself am a member of the American
order, and also a Republican. I call myself an
American Republican. The House and the
country may put what construction they please
upon that, and draw what inference they choose.
Mr CARLILE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts who has just
taken his seat, whether he was a supporter for
the office of Governor of the State of Massachu-
setts, of Mr. Rockwell, or Mr. Gardiner?
Mr. DAMRELL. In answer to that question
I will say, that the nomination of Mr. Gardiner
was a nomination made after the meeting of a
convention called by the American party and
others, which nominated Mr. Rockwell. I felt
bound, as an American, to stand by the nomin-
ation of the first convention. Mr. Gardiner
never was my personal choice, but he received
the nomination of that convention, and 1 believed
lnm to be a good and a true man. 1 did not en-
ter into the canvass on account of my health—
and I may say I had iTo desire to enter into it.
I was placed in an unnatural position by the
conduct of Mr. Gardiner, and I could not go into
the ennvass. But T believed, and 1 now believe,
that the nomination of Mr. Rockwell was a fair
one by the American party.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to inquire further of
the gentleman, whether his friend, the distin-
guished gentleman [Mr. Basks] from his own
State, for whom he has been voting for Speaker
for many weeks, was himself a supporter of Mr.
Rockwell, or a supporter of Mr. Gardiner ?
Mr. DAMRELL. That gentleman can answer
for himself. I was not in the canvass.
Mr. CARLILE. T trust I may be allowed the
indulgence of the House for a very few moments.
I have not heretofore trespassed upon the time of
the House, and I do not desire to do so now. I
am honest in the political principles which I pro-
fess to represent here, and I desire that other
gentlemen, occupying the position which they do,
should present to the House, cither themselves,
or through their fnonus, the true position which
they occupy. Americanism in Massachusetts —
| as expounded by the gentleman from Massachu-
; setts—is not Americanism in Virginia.
I A Voice. Wc don't deny that.
Mr. CARLILE. In reply, Mr. Clerk, to the
! gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] I
! will say that the lionoiable gentleman for whom
! I have been voting [Mr. Fuli.eii] has defined his
I position.
| Mr. GROW. How has the gentleman defined
i his position in reply to the question propounded
I to him by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gro-
! bings ?]
