1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Todd.
Ho/or Reps.
Ihe sol? ground that every legislative body pos-
sesses an absolute and inherent right to settle and
determine the question of its own legality; in
other words, admitting that the Legislature of
Kansas was imposed on the people of that Terri-
tory by non-residents—yet, because the Legisla-
ture so imposed,in perfecting the original wrong,
decided that its members were legally elected, and
itself a legally-constituted body, that such decision
estops this House, and the people who have been
wronged and outraged, from denying its preten-
tions. The mere enunciation of such a proposi-
tion, it seems to me, is, and ought to be, enough
to show its weakness and indefensibleness. It is
one which the mind intuitively rejects as incon-
sistent with our common sentiments of justice
and right. The premises upon which the rea-
soning in support of it is based presuppose and
take to be true the very-subject-matter m dispute.
The answer to the whole argument lies outside
jand beyond it, and consists in the fact, that there
never was a Legislature in Kansas capable of
.doing any act having obligatory force. In order
to entitle the judgment of a court to respect and
authority, it must first be made to appear that it
is a legal court, and justly empowered to sit in
judgment on the question adjudicated. These are
preliminary facts; and they must be ascertained
And fixed before anything can be predicated of
.the force and effect of its judgment—otherwise,
we would be constantly cheated by the shadows
of things, and never be able to grasp their very
essence and substance. The rule of law'in rela-
tion to res judicata is founded upon the principle,
,that the court rendering the judgment was a com-
petent court, and had rightful jurisdiction over the
subject-matter acted on. I submit, therefore, that
it is begging the question to argue and maintain
that the, Kansas Legislature was a legal Legisla-
ture, because it declared itself to be so." Under
our system, I know of no tribunals, either legis-
lative or judicial, resting simply on defacto organ-
izations. Our Government 13 a government of
laws—of mutual and reciprocal obligations, and
recognizes no act or decision which does not pro-
seed from a tribunal or body existing d,e jure.
The rules of international law, which regulate
the intercourse of separate, distinct, and inde-
fendent sovereignties, control their rights, and
x their duties, have jdo place in the relation
which subsists between this House find a Terri-
tory which can doinoactsxceptin the.very mode
prescribed by the law creating it, and upon strict
conformity to which depends its right to have a
.Representative on this floor. A 1 erritory acts
.within prescribed limits; it has ho element of sov-
ereignty; it exercises only a delegated.authority;
,and all its acts must conform to the requirements
,of its organic law; for the momentitsauthorities
step beyond that boundary line, their acts become
usurpations,, and are null .and void. For I take
it, the rule is well and firmly established, that all
limited tribunals, created by statute, must keep
strictly within the lirpits pf the powers conferred
upon them. The limitations onra Territory axe
■as fundamental and important parts of its charter
•as the rights and privileges granted; and as, by
,the organic law of Kansas^ its Legislature could
.be legally chosen only by such of the inhabitants
■of, the Territory as possessed the qualifications
, demanded by .the territorial, law, does it not
.necessarily follow, as.an irrefragable conclusion,
.that a Legislature elected by those who were not
inhabitants of the Territory,, find, who did not
possess any.of the requisite qualifications of elect-
ors, was not a legal Legislature,.pr one author-
ized to exercise legislative functions; and that all
its acts would partake of the fraudulent character
.of the source whence they emanated, and be ab-
solutely null and void? If the Legislature of
'Kansas was fraudulent and illegal in its inception,
it .could not by any subsequent act ,of its ownin-
•fuse right and legality into its corrupt and dead
ibody; for, sir, there is no maxim better estab-
lished, or of wider acceptation, both in law and
morals, than that the wrong-doer qha.ll not be
permitted to take advantage of his own wrong.
But, sir, I affirm that, this power of the House
is directly .deducible from the provisions of the
■Constitution itself. By that instrument the House
is clothed with the right to determine who are its
■jPHembers. The exercise of that power is exelu-
IJ sive. It is only limited by the terms of the Con-
j j stitution itself, and obviously extends to every
, subject of inquiry connected with a claim to mem-
; i bership. It is provided, that" each House shall
j be the judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
i fications of its wen members." These worus are
broad ahd comprehensive; but, at the same time,
j they are accurate and precise, and distinguish, by
I apt words, the several elements of duty imposed
j on the House. It is also manifest, sir, that this
feneral grant of power was made to enable the
louse to preserve its integrity, and that it em-
! braces within its scope everything necessary to
• accomplish that purpose. It makes the House
| the absolute and supreme judge of the elections of
j its members, and recognizes its judgment as final
and conclusive, without appeal and without rem-
1 edy. Neither does it prescribe the mode in which
the House must render its judgment, but an un-
limited discretion is given. And as each House
j is tef judge who are its members, it is not bound
; to conform to any rules or formula laid down by
| a preceding House, but may, in its discretion,
1 resort to whatever form of proceeding is best
■ suited to meet the emergencies of each particular ;
j case. Therefore, the argument deduced from the
j premises, that this House acts judicially in de-
j termining the right of a member to his seat, and
j is bound to conform to the ordinary rules of prac-
! tice which prevail in common-law courts, has no
substance in it, because the jurisdiction of the
j House over the subject-matter is not derivative—
its investigations are not directed and controlled
i by rules established by a paramount authority,
but are wholly governed by self-imposed regula-
tions, adopted pro hoc vice, and alterable at its
will. This absolute supremacy is original—apart
of the fundamental law of the land—and cannot
! be restricted so long as the Constitution remains
: unchanged. Neither can it be abrogated, im-
! paired, or trammeled by one House for a suc-
1 ceeding one, for the simple reason, that each
House is the judge of its own case, and may,
"therefore, establish its oWn rules. In making up
its judgment, the House consults its own discre-
tion, and in its omnipotence overrides all barriers
which stand in the "way of its exercise.
It would seem, therefore, to follow, that anal-
ogies drawn from the .practice of limited tribu-
nals Exercising a delegated authority, and ame-
nable to superior jurisdictions, are not applicable
to a_ body which is a law unto itself, and vested
by its very constitution with absolute dominion
ovef the subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, What is the meaning of the
word " election " in the clause of the Constitution
referred to, and what is the duty imposed on the
-House by it? Is it simply to inquire into the
fact whether a choice was made' or not? By no
means: because that word, in the connection in
which it is used, necessarily imports a more ex-
tended signification—namely, that there has been
a choice of a Representative made, by qualified
electors, in the mode and manner prescribed by
the legal authority bf the State or Territory. To
judge of the " returns" is to decide that such an
election was held, and that its results were prop-
erly and truly Certified; and to judge Of the quali-
fications uf fi member is ,tp determine that the
person claiming the seat by virtue of 'Such an
election, so certified, is possessed of the requisite
constitutional fitness. If the duties imposed on
the House receive this interpretation, they find
appropriate action and aptly discharge their sev-
eral offices in preventing a usurpation of the
rights and privileges of the House by a power
extraneous to it.
It seems to me that this view is strengthened
when we consider the relation which this House
holds to State authorities. Members hold their
seats here solely by virtue of the provisions of
the Federal Constitution. They are independent
of State control, and in no way.subject to its
jurisdiction. The authority which creates and
surrounds themis paramount to State sovereignty,
and exists in defiance of it. The action of a State,
in derogation of the Constitution, or of the.enact-
ments made in pursuance of it, cannot embarrass
the action of this House, or curtail the limits and
extent of the powers conferred upon it. A State
can only act in reference to th* will of the Con-
stitution by conforming to it and by assisting in
giving it expression. If a State would undertake
to enact a standard offitness, in relation to members
of this body, will any one contend that we could
not set aside those regulations, if found to be incon-
sistent with the Constitution or repugnant to its re-
quirements. The power to judge of the election
j presupposes the right to examine into and pass
upon the legality of the law ordering and authoriz-
ing it. If this were notso, the House would be lim-
ited to the mere inquiry into the regularity of the
holding of the election, and thus be robbed of the
first and foremost feature of its organic law, and
be subjected to inferior jurisdictions. Suppose,
sir, for the sake of illustration, that a self-consti-
tuted body, or a body elected by aliens, should
assume the name, style, and attributes of a State
! Legislature, and proceed to legislate, keeping a
journal, enacting statutes, and authorizing their
! publication as is usual with legitimate assemblies,
and that, in pursuance of a law passed by it,
j persons would present themselves here, with
! formal papers in one hand, and the journal and
book 01 statutes of such bogus Legislature in the
other; will it be contended that this House would
: not have the prerogative to inquire into their right
; to be here, and to entertain, in its fullest extent,
the question of the legitimacy of such usurping
Legislature and the legality of its acts. The
denial of the existence o.f' such a power is an
admission that the General Government possesses
; no self-sustaining principle, and cannot maintain
| intact the true relation it holds to the several
| States. It robs it of all vital principle, and places
, its life at the sufferance of wrong-doei;s. The
' very necessity for the exercise of the power con-
1 tended for, taken in connection with the explicit
' words of the Constitution, leaves no room to
; doubt as to the proper' construction to be put
: upon it, and of the power of this House to go
behind the mere machinery employed in the se-
lection of its members, and to determine upon the
character and authority of the power that fash-
ioned and authorized that machinery and gava
it vitality.
If we have the right to inquire into and pass
upon the legality of State bodies and laws, tnera
itf a still stronger Reason why we would possess
it in relation to those of a Territory. A Terri-
tory owes its existence to Congress—it is the pro-
duct of its creative power; and, indubitably, the
creator may supervise the action of its creature,
and compel it to conform to the law of iOs being.
No act ora Territorial Legislature is bindingunless
it conforms to its organic law, and every act des-
titute of such conformity is null and void.
But/Mr. Speaker, we do not depend upon the
Reductions of general reasoning alone for the ex-
istence bf this power; it is sanctioned by prece-
dents of the highest character apd most command-
ing obligation, These decisions can be found in
the book of contested-election cases compiled
from the records of Congress, to which I refer
fentlemen who .may be desirous of information
rawn from the most authentic sources, and illus-
trated by the opinions of our wisest and purest
statesmen. In that book cases may be found
wherein the legality of State Legislatures and
State laws .were inquired into and passed upon,
and which show that such has been the unques-
tioned practice'from the earliest days of our Gov-
ernment down to the present time. I invite the
attention of gentlemen on the other side of the
House to the case of Potter vs. Robbins, and par-
ticularly to the report and speech of Silas Wright
than whom no purer or abler man ever graced
the Halls of Congress. It is a case bearing di-
rectly on the point involved in the one now before
us; and in which the Senate not only set aside a
State law, but also entertained and adjudicated
the question of the legal existence of the Legisla-
ture of Rhode Island,
Having thus shown the prerogative of tho
House to examine into and decide upon the le-
gality of all laws by force of which membership
in it is claimed, the question arises, has there
been presented a case tnat calls for its exercise?
I affirm there has. And here, I desire to express
.no opinion in reference to the actions and claims
of Governor Reeder. That .subject is not now
legitimately before us, and it is, therefpre, unne-
cessary to discuss it. When it does, arise, I will
meet it, and be governed by its merits alone,
