176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 0.
Mr. CARLXLE. I repeat that the gentleman
for whom I have voted [Mr. Fuller] has de-
fined'it satisfactorily to every reasonable mind in
this House.
A Member. Well, we are all satisfied.
Mr. GROW. I referred to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. CARLILE, (continuing.) Satisfactorily
to every patriot that loves the union of these
States, though not satisfactorily to Black Repub-
licanism. [Laughter.] *
And now, sir, one word more and I shall have
done. Since my absence from this city I have had
my attention called to some resolutions said to'have
been adopted in the capital of my own State.
Lest these resolutions might mislead gentlemen,
I tell them here—and I believe in that I speak the
voice of the American party in the South—that
the harmony of no party which ignores the sla-
very question can be preserved.
I would like, if it were in my power, and if I
had the time, to call the attention of the people
of this country to the remarks which the gentle-
man from Tennessee on my right [Mr. Smith]
made here this morning. From the resolution
adopted by his party in caucus, and published in
the Union, X had supposed that the members of
that party had determined to devote their time
exclusively to the organization of this House from
this time henceforth until an organization should
be effected; but I confess that I was surprised
when X heard a presidential electioneering speech
fall from that gentleman's [Mr. Smith's]" lips by
way of his speaking to a personal question. I
have done.
Mr. COMINS. I wish to ask a question of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Caiilile.] I
want to know whether, in the last contest in his
State, he supported, for the governorship, Mr.
Flournoy or Mr. Wise?
Mr. CAIILILE. Sir, I was with the seventy-
three thousand who voted for Mr. Flournoy,
although I did not vote myself, not being in the
county the day of the election.
Mr. COMINS. The reason I asked the ques-
tion was, that the other day X heard gentlemen
from Louisiana [Mr. Eus-ris] and from Tennes-
see, claiming to belong to the American party, con-
gratulating the country on the defeat of Mr. Flour-
noy, and of course X did not suppose that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] could
have voted for him. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARLILE. I am not hero as the defender
of Mr. X?lournoy. I am not from his immedttite
district; nor have I the pleasure of a personal
acquaintance with him; but the Representative
of his district on this floor, although differing
politically from him, will bear testimony that a
more high-minded, honorable gontleixmn does not
live. He would be as far as any other man in the
TJnion, or outofit, l'rom interfering with the civil
or religious liberties of any citizen of this country.
Mr. SJNEXiD. 1 desire to correct the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Comins] who put
the question just now to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [ Mr. Caiilile.] Fie stated that a gentleman
l'rom Tennessee had the other day congratulated
the country on the defeat of Mr. Flournoy, of
Virginia, in the contest for the governorship of
that State^ f desire to say that no member of
the American party in the Tennessee delegation
will take it upon himself to say that he entertains
uny such sentiment as that.
Mr. EUST1S. Mr. Clerk, I have to take the
responsibility on myself. X said that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Here the matter dropped, and the Clerk re-
sumed the call of the roll.
Mr. MACE (when his name was called) said:
I wish to state, Mr. Clerk, that in view of the
night session said to have been resolved on, the
gentleman from the Lexington district of Ken-
tucky [Mr. Alexander XC. Marshall] and my-
self have made an agreement, from the present,
and for all time to come, that every day, at pre-
cisely a quarter past three o'clock, we leave this
House, and do not return again until twelve
o'clock the next day. I wish to have this state-
ment placed on the record, in order to relieve both
of us from the necessity of making personal ex-
planations hereafter. I vote fo,r Mr. Banks.
Mr. ROBISON (when his name was called)
said: _ When X cast my first vote here for Speaker
ef this Xiouse, I cast it for a gentleman whom X
admired as a man, to whom my heart warmed,
and to "whom I became attached on a very short
acquaintanceship, [Mr. Fuller;] but when I
found that that gentleman did not agree with me
in opinion—and he had the manhood and honesty
to tell me so—I left him, and voted for another
gentleman, [Mr. Banks,] who I thought enter-
tained the same opinions as I do. Now, Mr.
Clerk, I do not intend to be party led, nor have
I ever been, but the charges which have been
made in the public prints, and reiterated here by
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] should be, X think, answered by Mr.
Banks before he can get my vote. The gentle-
men who have been voting for hiin for the last
five weeks have also been silent, and given 110
answer to these charges. I think that for his
own sake, and I know that for the sake of my
own consistency, he should answer one ques-
tion; that can be done in one wordi The ques-
tionis, " Is Mr. Banks, the candidate for Speaker
in this House, a member of the American party,
or is he not?" If he is, I will give him my vote;
but if he is not, I cannot do so. [A pause, and
cries of "Answer!"] I have not yet voted.
Does the gentleman answer? [There was no
response.] As the gentleman does not answer,
I vote for Mr. Pennington. [After listening to
some suggestions from members ill his vicinity:]
It appears that my question has not been fairly
nut, perhaps. Now I am willing to give Mr.
Banks every chance that I can possibly give him;
and X will candidly admit that if I vote against
that gentleman for Speaker, and if I were a can-
didate in ray district to-morrow, I would be
beaten five to one. My own father has written
me a letter, last week, urging me to stick to Mr.
Banks to the last. But if the dearest friend that
ever God gave me upon earth should ask me to
vote for a man who is not a member of the Amer-
ican organization, I would not vote for him.
[Applause in the gallflies.] I want that to be
understood. Now, wilk the gentleman [Mr.
Banks] be kind enough to tell me whether he is,
or is not, a member of the American party? 1
will add—and I want this to go to the country—
that X admire his talent and appreciate his fitness
for the post to which he aspires.
[There was no response, and Mr. Robison
allowed his vote to go for Mr. Pennington.]
Mr. SHERMAN, (on bis name being called.)
I desire to say a few words; and X would pre-
face them with the remark, that ( do not intend,
while I have a seat in this House, to occupy much
of its tune in speaking. But X wish to state now
why I have voted, and shall continue to vote,
for Mr. Banks. I care not whether he is a
member of the American party or not. I have
been informed that he is, and I believe that he
is. lint X repeat 1 care not to what party he be-
longs. I understood him to take this position:
that the repeal of the Missouri compromise was
an act of great dishonor, and that under no cir-
cumstances whatever will he—if he have the
power—allow the institution of human slavery
to derive any benefit from that repeal. That is
my position. I have been a Whig, but I will
yield all party preferences, and will act m concert
with men of all parties and opinions who will
steadily aid in preserving our western Territories
for free, labor; and 1 say now, that X never will
vote for a man for Speaker of this House, unless
he convinces me, by his conduct and by his voice,
that he never will, if he has the power to pre-
vent it, allow the institution of slavery to derive
any advantage from repealing the compromise of
1820.
X believe Mr. Banks will be true to that princi-
ple, and, therefore, I vote for him without regard
to his previous political associations or to his ad-
herence to the American party. I vote for him
simply because he, has had the manliness to say
here, that, having the power, he will resist the en-
croachments of slavery, even by opposing the
admission of any slave State that may be formed
out of the territory north and west of Missouri.
I vote for Mr. Banks.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I would
like to ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] a question, and that is: what slaveholding
State has ever asked for legislation to promote the
interests of slavery ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will cheerfully answer
the question of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and I answer it in this way: In 1852 the people
of the northern States were urged by their south-
ern brethren to acquiesce in the slavery com-
promises, one of which was a barbarous and in-
human law for the recapture of fugitive slaves.
The great majority of our people did so upon the
solemn declarations of both the great political
parties, that all further agitation of the slavery
question should cease. Yet within two years,
while these pledges were faithfully observed, the
Representatives of the southern States, of both
political parties, did demand that the eldest of
these compromises should be repealed, by Con-,
gress; and, with shame I say it, they "found
enough aid in the northern States to accomplish
their purpose. Now I say, that, until our south-
ern brethren come forward and reinstate the clause
prohibiting slavery in the north and west of Mis-
souri, or until that question be settled by the ad-
mission of X?nnsas as a free State into the Union,"
I cannot go with them in any party organization.
When this is done, it will be time enough for
them to appeal to me to become what I once gloried
in being—a conservative Whig.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I understand the
gentleman from OhiaJ^VIr. Sherman] to admit
that in no instance can he point to an occasion
where there has been any legislation asked for on
the part of the slaveholders of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise was for the
purpose of extending the institution, and fortliat
reason alone was asked for by the slaveholders
of the country. It has been so regarded in the
southern States, and violence has been used to
accomplish it. A distinguished member from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has recently published
an uddiess, in which he boasts that the result of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise has been
to extend slavery into Kansas, by the removal of
the restriction against slavery, and that such was
a part of the design of the Democratic party in
breaking down the Missouri compromise. I say
that this measure was a measure for the benefit
of the institution of slavery; that it was accom-
plished by the Democratic party, and it now
takes the responsibility of it; and until my breth-
ren of the southern States, occupying with mo the
old Whig platform, will come forward and help
resist the consequences of that measure, I cannot
unite with them. X therefore have voted, and
shall continue to vote, for the gentleman from
Massachusetts—Democrat as he is—whatever
opinions he may hold in reference to other matters.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Ohio makes the allegation that the
Democratic party is responsible for the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. Now, sir, I disavow
any such declaration. That provision in the
Kansas and Nebraska bill came from the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon]—a Whig—and was
accepted by Senator Douglas. And when ho
attempts to make the Democratic party respons-
ible for that feature of the measure, or to make
a Democrat the author of it, he misapprehends
the history of the country and the facts of the
case.
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman from ICentucky that he is out of order.
No debate is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. I have said all
I desire to say. I only desired that the facts
should stand correct upon the record.
Mr. TALBOTT (when his name was called)
said: If the House will indulge me for a few min-
utes, I desire to make a personal explanation.
1 hold in my hand the New York Courier and
Enquirer, in which I find the following para-
graph, contained in a letter from a Washington
correspondent of that paper, dated December
27, and signed "Inspector." The paragraph to
which I desire to call the attention of the House
reads as follows:
"Mr. Bocock, of Viiginia, Mr.Talbott, of Kentucky,
and other decided friends of Mr. Rtctiardnon', have hepn
absent to-day. and it is thought they are willing to allow
Mr. Banks to be elected, if lie can be by the mere reduc-
tion of Mr. Richardson's minority vote."
Sir, this paragraph attributes to me a willing-
ness to see done in this House that, which I have
studiously and zealously endeavored to prevent
since we commenced the first ballot for Speaker.
It imputes to me motives unknown to my head
or heart, all of which I spurn with the unknown
