902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
£
was ordered to the naval school at Philadelphia
for study and examination; and in a large class,
embracing such officers as Catesby ap R. Jones,
Francis Key MurrayEdward F.Beale, Madison
Rush,Edward Higgins, John C. Howell, Henry
Rolando, and others of merit and reputation,
iassed second—the first graduate being Thomas
il. Crossan. As passed midshipman he was
engaged upon the survey of the southern Atlantic
and gulf coast, under Captain L. M. Powell; on
duty at the National Observatory, under Lieuten-
ant Gilliss; as master of the United States steamer
Michigan, upon the lakes, under Captain Mc 
Intosh; and as naval storekeeper at the Sandwich
Islands. In 1849 he was promoted lieutenant;
and, after performing a second tour of service as
an officer of the Michigan, upon the lakes, was
ordered to the sloop German town, destined for
the Afiican squadron, and joined her for duty;
but before that vessel sailed, he was, on applica-
tion to the Department by Lieutenant Alden,
then, as now, in charge of the Coast Survey on
the Pacific, assigned to duty with him; and was
subsequently, and until recently, as lieutenant
commanding the surveying steamer Active, en-
gaged in the prosecution of that work.
These details of the services of Lieutenant
Stevens are given simply to show that he has
been actively and usefully employed since his
connection with the Navy, and that he is not
answerable to the charge of incompetency or in-
efficiency as an officer. In the various positions
in which he has been placed, he has, so far as
his friends are informed, or have been able to
ascertain, so performed his duties as to have
gained the confidence and approbation of those
under whose orders he acted. His character is
that of an accomplished and high-toned gentle-
man, and his professional and private reputation
is without blemish. Indeed, it could not be well
otherwise; for he is the son of a distinguished
officer, who was the very soul of honor, under
wlioso watchful eye ho was reared, and whoso
careful training he received.
The father of Lieutenant Stevens, the late
Commodore Thomas Holdup Stevens, is de-
scribed by one of our naval biographers (Captain
Slidcll Mackenzie) as " a noble specimen of the
generous, free-hearted, and chivalrous officer,"
and rendered his country eminent services. A
South Carolinian by birth, he entered the naval
service in early youth, and while yet in his teens
was actively engaged in the war of 1812. At the
commencement of the war, he was a midshipman,
attached to the John Adams; and when that
vessel was hauled up at New York, he accom-
panied that portion of her officers and crew sent
to man the fleet which it was intended to construct
and equip on Lake Erie. In the descent upon
the Canada shore, by the troops collected at Buf-
falo, under Brigadier General Smytlie, m Novem-
ber, 1812, Ibis body of officers and seamen par-
ticipated, having been sent to assist in silencing
the batteries opposite, to clear the way for the
landing of the troops. In the engagements with
the enemy which ensued, Lieutenant Holdup
Stevens displayed the most distinguished bravery,
and was severely wounded. "The fighting,"
says Cooper, in his naval history, (in winch
Lieutenant S. is frequently and honorably men-
tioned,) " was of the most desperate character.
The struggle was exceedingly sanguinary. Eight
out of twelve sea-officers engaged were wounded,
two of them mortally."
In the battle of Lake Erie, Lieutenant Holdup
Stevens commanded the sloop Trippe, and here
again behaved with the most conspicuous gal-
lantry. " His vessel was carried into the hofTcst
of the action, and was handled with a boldness,
considering its total want of quarters, bordering
en temerity." Cooper and Mackenzie make
repeated and most honorable mention of his ser-
vices on that memorable occasion. The latter,
in his life of Perry, relates the following anecdote:
" Though there Have, been but few instances of ships in
option willingly taking a station so as to placc their con-
sorts, whether disabled 01 otherwise, between themselves
and the enemy, there was a brilliant instance, m this very
battle of Lake Eue, of a \oung officer, in the headlong
ardor of getting up with the enemy, placing himself between
that enemy and one of his con?oits. The gallant and ami-
able Lieutenant Thomas Holdup Stevens, who commanded
the little sloop Trippe, ran to leeward, instead of to wind-
ward, of the Caledonia, Lieutenant Turner, and took his
slattern on her starboaid beam. The scene that followed
had better be given m the language of Stevens himself:
< Turner ordered me to get out of his way; 1 replied, that I
should not: he tlien hailed, to say that, if I did not, he
would Arc through me ; I replied,' fire away !' which he
did, through his own foresail and myjib, carrying it almost
all away.'"
After the victory on Lake Erie, Lieutenant
Holdup Stevens was actively engaged in the com-
mand of a vessel upon the upper lakes, under
Commodore Sinclair. In charge of a detachment
of officers and seamen, and in cooperation with
a force of troops under Colonel Croghan, he ren-
dered valuable service in the destruction of a
string block-house on the Natawassauga, and
of the last British armed vessel in those waters,
a schooner called the Nancy, commanded by
Lieutenant Worsley, of the Royal Navy.
The subsequent naval career of Lieutenant
Stevens was as active and useful as its com-
mencement had been brilliant and conspicuous.
In 1816, when further Algcft-ine hostilities were
apprehended, he sailed with his honored com-
mander and tried friend, Commodore Perry, in
the Java, for the Mediterranean. In 1824-'25 he
served, in command of the Pox, under Commo-
dore Porter, in the warfare against the pirates in
the West Indies, where he distinguished himself
on several occasions. In one instance he was suc-
cessful in the capture of a noted piratical felucca,
for which service he was rewarded by Congress.
He subsequently commanded the sloop Ontario
in the Mediterranean, performed various other
duty ashore and afloat, and died, a post captain
in the service, in 1841, at the early age of forty-
seven, whilst in command of the Washington
navy-yard and station.
Such was the father of Lieutenant Stevens.
Surely, the services of such a sire should com-
mend such a son to the fostering care and gen-
erous recompense of his country—a country so
proud of, and so grateful to, her heroes. Surely,
the summary dismissal of that son from the hon-
orable service which his father illustrated by his
valor, and in which he freely shed his blood,
and in which he himself had faithfully served—
a dismissal without premonition, without a hear-
ing, without an assigned cause—is a wrong for
which, in the language of the Secretary of the
Navy, " there should be, and will be, found a rem-
edy."
Lieutenant Stanly has been twenty-three years
in the service, and so far as I know sustained an
irreproachable character. He was for the last
ten months preceding the action of the board,
stationed at the navy-yard, California, as exec-
utive officer under Captain Farragut, doing the
duties properly belonging to a commander, a lieu-
tenant, and a master. Those duties were at times
of a most responsible kind, always most arduous
and disagreeable, so much so, that every officer,
civil or military, attached to the yard—every em-
! ploye engaged in it—received cxtracompensation,
' Lieutenant Stanly excepted, and he lived in a
room twelve feet by fourteen feet, boarded off in
a lime shed; yet during that time he never had a
quarrel; and Captain Farragut says of him to the
Department:
During his scrvice at this yard under my command, lie
has ahvajs been piompt and attentive to his duty, and I
have had no cause to complain of hull either as an officer
or as a gentleman."
He adds, that Lieutenant Stanly "is always the
gentleman, so far as I have any knowledge of his
conduct;" and Captain Farragut and Lieutenant
Stanly sailed together in 1841- '42 and '43—one as
executive officer, the other as watch officer.
Lieutenant Stanly, just previous to being at-
tached to the navy-yard, California, commanded
the sloop of war store-ship Warren in San Fran-
cisco for a year, and performed all the duties prop-
erly belonging to, and always performed by, a
commodore, to the satisfaction of the Department,,
the Department writinghim on one occasion, "you
acted discreetly, evincing promptness and vigi-
lance." During the time, Lieutenant Stanly had
no quarrels. On his taking command of the War-
ren, he found that her former captain had recom-
mended to haul the ship on shore to make a hulk
of her, supposing her to be so rotten that there
was danger of her sinking at her anchors; and
the Department wrote out, if she was not too
rotten to sheathe her, (that is, to put planks ail
over her bottom,) if the nails would hold, or if
her timbers were solid enough to use long spikes
f with nuts on the inner end. Lieutenant Stanly,
instead of presuming that the ship was so rotten,
because several of her former commanders sup-
posed so, overhauled her, and found her so sound
as only to calk her, and reported to the Depart-
ment not to put her on the beach, but to let hiro
take the spare sails and rigging from the first ship
that came in, and he would bring her round Cape
Horn, and to the eastern States; and that the
ship's hull now was better than many of the Eng-
lish ships as used in the last war. He may claim
to have saved a ship to the Navy, which can
easily be fitted out in time of war; and, though
the Warren is not fast, she is one of the most
weatherly and best sea boats in bad weather.
Just about eighteen months previous to. Lieu-
tenant Stanly's orders to the Warren, occurred
the only troubles or quarrels that he has had in
the Navy—difficulties in which a court-martial
decided that he had been treated with oppression.
Immediately preceding these troubles was his
cruise during the war, during which he never had
a quarrel, except with the enemy; and in the
cruises before that, as well as in that, he has re-
ceived letters commendatory. Copies of some of
them I have before me:
Burlington, New Jersey, February 20,1850.
My bear Sir: In answer, I state to you, that I com-
manded the Princeton for upwards of four years. You were
with me as a lieutenant for five months of the time, pre-
vious to the Mexican war; and it affords me pleasure to
testify to your ready attention to duty, as well as to your
unhesitating manner in obeying all orders; merits not to
be ovci looked by a commander, for they are useful exam-
ples to your juniors, as well as to those who most require
them, the seamen of the Navy.
Very respectfully, your friend, F. ENGLE.
Lieutenant F. Stanly, United States Nary.
Philadelphia, February 22,1856.
Sir : I am in receipt of your letter informing me that
" you are one of the officers who have come under the sen-
tence of the late retiring board," and requesting me to give
you such a chaiacter as I may have formed o!" you when
seivmg under my command. Fn answer, I do so with pleas-
ure, m stating that your conduct during your entire service
with me was meritoiious in the highest degree. In our at-
tack on Guvmas, you successfully sounded and sketched
I the appioaciies to the town, and were with the party who
I landed and took possession of the place. In the occupation
1 of Mazatlan you weie with the forces who landed, and was
placed in ehaige of the most advanced post towards the
enemy. Dunns; the occupation you wcie engaged with pai-
ties of the enemy m several instances, and m all your con-
duct was pi aise worthy; and youi abilities as an officer I al-
ways considered equal to any of your grade m the service.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. A. LAVALETTE, Captain.
To F. Stanly, United States Navy.
Fredericksburg, Virginia, February 29,1856.
Dear Sir : In answer to your letter of yesteiday's date,
it affords mo much plea?uie to state that, while yuu were
under my command m the Dale, during her ciuise in the
Pacific in 1848 and 1849, your conduct as an officer and a
gentleman met with my entire appiobation. As a mark of
my confidence in you I send the following copy of a letter
to Commodore Shubnck.
Very lespectfully, JOHN RUDD,
Cormnander United States Navy,
United States Navy-Yard, Mare Island,
October 20, 1S5>.
Sir : At the request of Mr. Stanly, I take great pleasure
in stating to you that, during that officer's service at Him
1 yard under my command, he has been prompt and attentive
! to his duty; and I have had no cause to complain of him
j cither as an officer or as a gentleman.
j Mr. Stanly is aidenrin hn temperament, and ?tiong in hre
! prejudices, but with it he is always the gentleman, so far
' as J have any knowledge of his conduct; and I regrei the
i board of officers have thought it nccessary to place him on
J the furlough list.
I Very respectfully, y&tir obedient servant,
I* G. FARRAGUT, Commander.
j Honorable Secretary of the Navy.
j In anticipation of a war with Mexico. (May
j 10, 1846,) he addressed a letter to the Navy Di>
; partment, in which he says: " I respectfully b<?g
to be considered an applicant for any duty whore
energy and coolness, quick decision and courage,
may be required.,5 In this respect he was grat-
ified, and we soon find him on the Pacific coast.
He was highly commended by his commanding
officer for his activity, energy, and bravery in the
attack upon Cochovi, near the Gulf of California.
Lieutenant Craven, in his official report, (vol. 1,
2d session, Ex. Doc., p. 1136,) thus speaks of
Mr. Stanly:
'•'Lieutenant Stanly with Midshipman Houston filed to
the right, whilst iny immediate command ptoceuding to the
left were surrounding the place, when the sentry on the
hou.-e-top gave the alarm and tired upon us. Lieutenant
Stanly, having at this moment leached the front of thebai-
raek>, surprised and seized the sentry there with his own
hands, on which many who were within lushed out by the
rear of the house and fned upon my command."
" To the efficient services of Lieutenant Stanly the mctczs of
the expedition isin great part owing."
