THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session
TUESDAY, JULY 29, 1856.
New Series....No. 112.
CALIFORNIA WAR DEBT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back without
amendment a bill (S. No. 397) explanatory of so
much of an act passed August 5, 1854, making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th day of June, 1855, as
refers to the payment of the expenses incurred
by the State of California in the suppression of
Indian hostilities in said State. The bill relates
to an appropriation of over nine hundred and
twenty-four thousand dollars, made by the act
of August 5, 1854, which has not yet been paid
out; and if it continues in the Treasury it will
tend to complicate us with the indebtedness of
the State of California. I am directed by the
committee to report back this bill, and to ask the
Senate to pass it at once, so that it maybe taken
up and disposed of by the House of Representa-
tives on Monday, which is the only day when
they can suspend their rules to take it up.
It will be recollected by Senators that the State
of California incurred heavy expenses in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities, and finally this Gov-
ernment assumed that indebtedness of hers.
California had issued bonds to cover the debt,
and those bonds formed what is called "the
California war debt." After the whole amount of
the indebtedness had been ascertained and the
bonds had been issued, Congress passed an act
appropriating $924,000 for the settlement and
payment of the entire indebtedness; and the
amount of the appropriation embraced the prin-
cipal of the bonds and all the interest that had
accrued up to the beginning of the year when the
appropriation was made. A portion of the bonds
weie at twelve per cent, interest, and another
portion at seven per cent. After we made this
appropriation, some difficulty arose between the
executive department of the State of California
and the War Department of the United States, in
consequence of which the $924,000 has not yet
been paid. A large amount of interest has since
accrued, both on the twelve per cent, and on trie
seven per cent, bonds.
The view of the case taken by the Committee
on Military Affairs is, that the Government of the
United States is liable for no interest since Con-
gress passed the act making the appropriation;
but we think it is the duty of the Government
to apply the appropriation to the extinguishment
of the debt, principal and interest, as nothing has
been done since the money was appropriated and
still lies m our Treasury, ready to be thus ap-
plied.
The Legislature of California has passed an act
appointing a commission, yrho have come here
under the instructions of the Legislature. The
Legislature desire that the money shall be ap-
plied, in the first place, for the extinguishment of
the principal and interest of the whole of the
twelve per cent, bonds, and then to take the res-
idue of the money which was appropriated, and
scale the seven percent, bonds, or see upon what
terms they can be purchased with the amount
that will remain in our Treasury to their credit.
The Committee on Military Alfairs are not dis-
posed to go into a transaction of this character.
They think that, as the money has been appro-
priated by this Government for the whole dobt,
and is now in the Treasury, any attempt to dis-
tinguish between the two classes of creditors, the
twelve per cent, and the seven per cent, bond-
holders, will probably, before we get through
with the operation, involve this Government in
liability not only to the amount of the original
appropriation, but for many thousands of dollars
more.
Two bills have been referred to the commit-
tee—one introduced by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and the other by the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Weller.] They
adopt the one presented by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, and report it back with an amendment.
They ask to he discharged from the further con-
sideration of the other. The whole meaning of
the bill, in favor of which the committee report,
112
is to compel the payment of the money from our
Treasury to extinguish the indebtedness as it
existed at the date of the act of August 5, 1854,
and as if no interest had accrued since—treating
it as a matter with which, since that date, we
have nothing to do. I believe this is a full state-
ment of the matter, and I ask that the bill which
is reported back may now be put upon its pas-
sage.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of Mr. Weller's bill, (S.
No. 365,) and the Senate proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider the bill, (S. No.
397,) introduced by Mr. Benjamin, which pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to pay to
the holders of war bonds of California, the
amount of money appropriated by the act of
August 5, 1854, under the following regulations
and restrictions: All the bonds, prior to thetr
redemption by the Secretary of War, are to be
presented by the holders to the commissioners
appointed by the State of California under an act
of the Legislature of the State, approved April
39, 1856. The commissioners are to compute
the amount due upon each bond on the 20th of
December, 1853, which they are to indorse upon
the bond, and also to certify by their indorse-
ment its genuineness. Upon presentation to the
Secretary of War of any of the bonds thus in-
dorsed, he is to draw his warrant in favor of the
holders on the Secretary of the Treasury, who is
to pay the amount indorsed by the commission-
ers as due. The payments in the aggregate are
not to exceed the amount appropriated by the act
of Congress of August 5, 1854; and after pay-
ment shall have been made, the bonds axe to Se
returned by the Secretary of War to the commis-
sioners, who shall receipt to him for them.
Mr. WELLER. It is known to the Senate
that the State of California incurred a very great
expense in suppressing Indian hostilities in the
years 1849,1850, and 1851, and Congress, by the
act of August 5, 1854, assumed that debt. The
State of California had issued, her bonds in pay-
ment of the debt thus incurred to the amount of
$924,000. On examination of the whole subject
Congress passed the act to which allusion has
been made, directing the Secretary of War " to
examine into and ascertain the amount of ex-
penses incurred and now actually paid hy the
State of California in the suppression of Indian
hostilities within the said State prior to the 1st of
January, A. D. 1854, and that the amount of
such expenses, when so ascertained, shall be paid
into the treasury of said State; provided that the
sum so paid shall not exceed in amount the sum i
of $924,239 65." This was the exact amount of '
the bonds which California had issued in con- i
sequence of the expenses incurred in the prose- j
cution of those Indian wars, with the interest I
included up to the 20th of December, 1853—a few 1
months before the passage of this act. The State
| did not send any person here to receive the money.
I am not able to explain the precise reason why
this was not done;, but I know that a correspond-
ence took place between the Executive of Cali-
fornia and the Secretary of War on the subject.
This correspondence has not been published by
Congress.
It may be enough for me to say that the Exec-
utive of our State and the Secretary of War dif- I
fered very widely in the construction to be given ;
to the law. Delay was produced, and no com- ;
missioners were sent here with authority to receive '
the money until within the last three or four !
weeks. A few months ago the Legislature of ;
California passed a law appointing these commis- •
sionersto visit the city of Washington, and receive
the amount of money which had been appropri- j
ated by Congress. The act of the Legislature j
prescribed the manner in which the bonds which
had been issued for this war debt should be dis- !
charged: that they should receive the money due ,
to the State under this law, and proceed at once to j
advertise for the twelve per cent, bonds; first dis- ,
charging these, and afterwards calling in the seven |
per cent, bonds, and paying so much of the inter- i
est on them as the remaining sum would enable
them to pay.
The Senate will perceive, that in consequence
of this delay two years' interest has accumulated
upon the bonds, and the amount originally ap-
propriated is not sufficient to discharge the whole
principal and interest. Under the act passed bv
the Legislature, all the twelve per cent, bonds are
first to be discharged, drawing as they do the
largest amount of interest, and then the seven per
cent, bondholders would be compelled to go to
the State of California for whatever difference
there may be in the interest Plotted to them.
There was another difficulty presented. The
Secretary of War, under the phiaseology em-
ployed in the law, claimed the right to go back
of the bonds which had been issued, and examine
the vouchers upon which they were founded. If
such an examination was had, these commission-
ers saw at once that it must produce a delay of
perhaps one or two years, and besides that they
would never be able to arrive at a satisfactory
conclusion. A large amount of the vouchers
have been lost, and cannot be produced at the
Treasury. The persons in whose possession-
they were lost were subjected to a rigid examina-
tion before a committee of our Legislature, and
the Legislature passed an act for their relief, so
that there is no proper evidence of the indebted-
ness of the State exccpt that which is to be found
in the bonds regularly issued, snd now in the
hands of the holders, many of whom are in this
city.
To prevent this delay, I introduced a bill some
five or six days since, authorizing the Secretary
of War to discharge these bonds whenever they
were presented properly indorsed by the State
commissioners, who have been sent here for
that purpose, the object of that commission of
course being to detect any fraudulent bonds
which might be presented. By the provisions of
that bill this difficulty was obviated. Another
difficulty, however, was presented, and that was
presented by the holders of the bonds themselves.
Those holding the seven per cent, bonds were
not willing that the holders of the twelve per
cent, bonds should come in and absorb this fund,
and force them back on the State of California
for a deficiency in the interest on them. The
Senator from Louisiana introduced ^is bill to
obviate that difficulty. It simply prof-ides that
on the indorsement of these commissioners,
showing that they are genuine bonds, and that
they were issued by the State of California in
consequence of the expenses incurred in repress-
ing these Indian hostilities, the Secretary of the
War Department shall be authorized to pay the
bonds thus presented within the limits prescribed
by law, $924,259 65. The State of California of
course will have to pay the interest which has
accrucd since the passage of that act, if the in-
terpretation of the Secretary of War be correct,
and it is no more than just that she should pay
it, if the delay arises from her own fault. But
I do not intend to express any opinion on this
point.
The only effect of the bill now before the Senate
is to provide the mode in which this money shall
be disbursed at the Treasury Department. I have
acquiesced in it, although I am not willing to do
anything that contravenes the action of my State
Legislature. The Legislature have prescribed a
different way for the discharge of this debt, by
first paying, as I have said, the twelve per cent,
and afterwards the seven per cent, bonds; but
the Committee on Military Affairs have decided
that the bill introduced by the Senator from Lou-
isiana ought to be passed, and being satisfied
myself, individually, that the public interest and
the interest of the State will be advanced by it,
I acquiesced. I have a letter from the commis-
sioners, urging me to give "my sanction to the bill
in its present form.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the scheme of this bill is a total departure
from the very act of appropriation on which the
claim is based. That act requires that the money
