1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
903
He lias now scarcely reached the meridian of
life, and is in the full possession of liis physical
and mental faculties. After a faithful discharge
of all the duties of his profession, in war as well
as peace, lie finds himself degraded and placed
on the retired list, upon the frivolous pretext that
he was "quarrelsome!" If his temper was of
such a character as unfitted him to remain in
active service, he ought to have been dropped.
If he had ungovernable passions which unfit him
to discharge the duties of an officer in command,
he ought not to be pensioned on the Government.
That the grossest injustice has been done to
both these gallant officers, no one can doubt; and
I sincerely hope we may be able to devise some
plan by which the disgrace sought to be placed
upon them by the naval board may be wiped
out. If there be no remedy here, I cannot doubt,
if the facts are fully presented to the Executive,
he will not fail to restore them to their former
positions in the Navy.
I move that the resolution be ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire,
it was
Ordered, That Justin Spauldmg have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of John M. Mcintosh be
withdrawn from the flies of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee 011 Claims.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heiia and legal repre-
sentatives of William Jones bcwithdiawn from the flies of
the Senate, and reterred to the Committee on Revolution
ary Claims.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of Wil-
liam II. Do Forrest, for indemnity for property destroyed liy
the bombardment of Greytown, be withdrawn from the flies
of the Senate, and referred to the Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. EYANS, it was
Ordered, That the memoi ial of the administrator of Fran-
cis Buit be withdrawn from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports from committees.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Cornelius Vanderbilt and of Morti-
mer Livingston, reported a bill to encourage ocean
steam navigation, provide for the transportation
of the mails by sea, and for other purposes; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petitions of
Elizabeth Dowdall, Moses Carter, Joseph Col-
by, and Jacob W. Morse, submitted adverse re-
perts; which were ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Morris Powers, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill, granting
a pension to Morris rowers; which was read
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Olivia "W« Cannon,
reported a bill granting a tension to Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph flW&annon, late a mid-
shipman in the United States Navy; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill for the relief of Timothy
Cavan, reported it back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. The report accompany-
ing the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of
Franck Taylor, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief. The bill was read the first
time, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill to provide
for the sale by preemption of certain portions of
the public lands to the States within which they
lie, reported it brick with an amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill for the im-
provement of Taunton river, m the State of Mas-
sachusetts, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committoe on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution of the House of Representatives relating
to the public lands, appertaining to the Spring-
field and Harper's Ferry armories, and the North
Carolina arsenal, reported it back without amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill making
appropriation for the improvement of Cape Fear
river, in North Carolina, reported it back with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for in-
formation in regard to the falls of the Red river,
reported a bill providing for the survey of the falls
of the Red river at or near Alexandria; which was
read, and passed to a^econd reading.
He also, from the fame committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
information in relation to the bar in Atehafalaya
bay, reported a bill providing for the survey of
the Atehafalaya bay and approaches; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
REVISION OF SENATE RULES.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That a select committee of three be appointed
to take into consideration the rules of the Senate, and
report such amendments to the existing rules as may be
deemed necessary.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, and by unani-
mous consent, it was
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the Tampico volunteers; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked, and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 250) supplementary to an act entitled
" An act in addition to an act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts, and to repeal all acts and
parts of acts heretofore made for that purpose;"
which was read the first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office«
Mr. PUGH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the improvement of the navigation at the_ falls of
the Ohio river; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
military academy bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have had under consideration the subjects of dis-
agreement between the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 69) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy, for the year
ending June 30, 1857. The House disagreed to
thefirstand third amendments of the Senate. The
first amendment appropriates §15,000 " for gas-
house and apparatus;" the third amendment re-
lates to the appropriation of certain small suins,
amounting in all to $500, for the payment of the
librarian, assistant librarian, and some other
officers at West Point, who have heretofore been
paid out of a gross appropriation. A difficulty
has arisen in the Department in regard to passing
the accounts, because the appropriation was not
specific enough. The Senate adopted an amend-
ment by which this appropriation was made spe-
cific instead of being in gross; the House disagreed
to it. The Committee on Finance recommend that
the Senate insist on this third amendment, which
is necessary in order to enable the usual accounts
to be settled, and recede from the first amendment
for the gas-house. I ask that the question be
taken on these amendments.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will be
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
recede from the first amendment of the Senate
disagreed to by the House, which is to add to
the bill " for gas-house and apparatus, |15,0U0.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT, The question now is on
the motion to insist on the third amendment of
the Senate to add to the.bill:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the amounts dis-
bursed, or that may be disbursed, out of the moneys appro.-
pnated for the support of the Military Academy, by the acts
of May 10, 1854, and March 3,1855, in' payment of addi-
tional compensation to the librarian, assistant librarian*
and certain enlisted men at that post, be passed to the credit
of the disbursing officer: Provided, That the additional pay
to the said librarian and assistant librarian shall not exceed
the sum of #120 each per annum; and to the non-commis-
sioned officer in charge of mechanics and other laborer# at
the post, the soldier acting as clerk in the adjutant's office,
and the four enlisted men in the philosophical and chemical
department and lithographic office, shall not exceed the
&um of $50 each per annum; and that a like measure of
compensation be hereby authorized to be allowed hereafter
for such services respectively.
The motion to insist on this amendment was
agreed to.
french SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
Mr. BAYARD. > Mr. President, during the
session of the Senate yesterday, my colleague
[Mr. Clayton] submitted a resolution calling for
a journal of the proceedings of the Board of the
American Commissioners at Paris to liquidate and
audit the claims of American citizens against the
French Government, under the convention of
1803. I ask that that resolution, as it is a mere
resolution calling for information, may be taken
up and passed. My colleague is too unwell to
attend here to-day, and I make the motion on his
behalf.
Mr. YULEE. Is it a resolution that will lead
to debate?
Mr. BAYARD. It is only a resolution calling
for certain papers from the State Department.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bp directed to lay
before the Senate the original journal of proceedings of the
Board of American Commissioners at Paris to liquidate and
audit the claims of American citizens against the French
Government, being for debts due to them, and for the satis-
faction of which provision was made by the convention
between the United States and France of April 30, 1803.
Also, to lay befoie the Senate a copy from said journal
I of the adjudications of said claims therein recorded under
the respective titles of an alphabetical index to the certifi-
cates of admittance, and an alphabetical index to the cer-
tificates of rejection; and a copy from said journal of the
proceedings of the board as recorded on the 1st day of De-
cember, 1804, being the day on which the commission of
the board terminated.
Mr. YULEE. I prefer that we should not take
up the resolution. As I understand it, it proposes
to call for original papers from the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. It calls for certain papers in
the State Department, but it is a mere call for in-
formation. . .
Mr. YULEE. I understand it calls for original
papers, and not copies.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the resolution be read
again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. BAYARD. If objected to, perhaps it had
better go over. I do not know what is the motrvc
of my colleague in calling for the information.
He is too unwell to attend. If the papers are
originals, they will be perfectly safe here. I see
no ground of objection to the resolution on that
score; but if it gives rise to any debate I think it
had better go over. I supposed that a call' for
information, at any time, would hardly ever he
objected to. .
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I supposed that the Senator
from Delaware was willing to allow it to go over.
Mr BAYARD. I Will consent to that, if there
is to be any debate. I have no desire myself to
debate it. It is a mere call for information.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a call for original pa-
P<Mr. BAYARD. Suppose they are original
papers; I do not see that there is anything im-
proper in that.
Mr. HUNTER. But there is danger of loss.
It is very unusual to call for original papers. I
have never known it to be done, except some-
times for the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps the original papers
were called for because it would take too long to
copy them. I wish to get the information.
The motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to.
district armory.
Mr. YULEE. As the morning business seems
to be through with, I propose, if agreeable to the
