004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Senate, to take up the motion which I submitted
some days since, for the reconsideration of the
resolution relating to the District armory.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of a special order.
Mr. YULEE. I think this is a privileged
question, being a motion to rcconsider.
Mr. EVANS. To-day was set apart for the
bill to provide for the payment of the claims of
the officers of the Revolution. 1 think it is entitled
to precedence of any other business; and I hope,
therefore, if there are any previous orders, they
■will be postponed, and that that bill, which has
been before the Senate for two months, will be
taken up. I make a motion to that effect.
The PRESIDENT. That is the bill which
was made the special order for to-day at half-past
twelve o'clock. The motion of the Senator from
Florida, however, is a privileged question—to
reconsider the vote of the Senate on a joint reso-
lution which has been already passed by the body.
The joint resolution (S. II. No. 13) changing
the location of the District armory from the Mall
to Judiciary square, in the city of Washington,
has been passed; and the question is on recon-
sidering the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed.
Mr. YULEE. It is proper that I should state
to the Senate the grounds on which I moved the
reconsideration. During the last session, to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation act, at the
instance of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to .winch the subject had been referred, and by
which committee a bill to accomplish the object
had been reported, an amendment was appended
appropriating $30,000 for the crcction of an
armory for the use of the volunteers of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and as a place of deposit for
models of arms and trophies. The site was to
be selected by the President; and the building
was to be constructed under the direction of the
Secretary of "War. The President proceeded to
select a site; and I am informed that he did so
after a personal inspection and report from the
colonel of ordnance, various memorials from
citizens of Washington, and resolutions of the
volunteer companies, who in public meetings
unanimously approved the site for the building.
The site was selected, and tin.* Secretary of War
proceeded to make provision for its construction,
rhrousfh every step of the proecedingon the part
of thePrcsidentanuthe Secretary, the utmost care
was observed to confine the cost of the building,
with all its incidental expenses, to the amount of
appropriation prescribed by Congress.
At the present session, the Committee on the
District of Columbia have reported a joint reso-
lution diiecting a change of the site from the
Mall, on winch it was located by the President,
to Judiciary square, peremptorily, and icsfncting
the Department to the amount appropriated at
the last session. I think the action of the com-
mittee and of the Senate, in adopting this resolu-
tion, was premature and without full consideration,
and I have therefore moved a reconsideration.
Upon both grounds I think the committee were
in error. First, in respect to the eligibility of
location, I think beyond doubt the President is
right in the decision which he has made. The
location winch ho has selected, besides being cen-
tral, is the only one which permitted the con-
struction of a building suitable to the purpose
within the amount of appropriation to which the
Secretary was limited. It appears, by the report
which has been laid on our tables this morning,
that, by the estimate of th^ colonel of ordnance,
Colonel Craig, it will require an additional ex-
penditure of $12,000 to make the same building
on Judiciary square which the contractors are
under obligation to eiect on the Mall at the .site
selected, i hose COO will either be a deduc-
tion from the amount ot ^>30,000 "which is appro-
priated to the hndding, and mustthorefore reducc
the character, size, and utility of the building,
or there must be an additional appropriation of
$12,000 made by Congress to accomplish the pur-
pose. _ This additional cost proceeds from the
necessity of filling up a ravine, and preparing the
ground on Judiciary square for a foundation,
and fiom the additional costs of transportation
for the materials.
I jequeatod yesterday that the contractors
should be went for; and I inquired from them what
difference of cost would be required for the con-
struction of the same building at Judiciary square
which they are about putting up in the present
locality. They informed me by a letter, -which I
have here, that the difference would be at least
five thousand dollars. I asked why? The an-
swer was, that, in consequence of the neighbor-
hood of the canal to the present site of the build-
ing, materials can be brought alongside the spot
where they arc to be used; but if the location
were changed as proposed, it would be necessary
to haul all the materials from the canal to Judi-
ciary square. The colonel of ordnance thinks
the difference of cost for that portion of the change
would not be so much; but still it would be very
considerable.
This is not the only cost to which we should
be subjected. The effect of the location at Judi-
ciary square, which is n<w proposed, will be,
to impose on the Government the necessity of
making a large appropriation for the construction
of another hospital building elsewhere. It is pro-
posed by this joint resolution to place the armory
on the same square where the hospital now exists.
It is perfectly plain that the rolling of drums, the
firing of guns, the collection of large concourses
of men in and about the armory at the parades of
the volunteers, will necessarily occasion a noise
that must be not only uncomfortable, but injuri-
ous to the health of the invalids occupying the
hospital. The immediate consequence of the con-
struction of this building there will be, that we
shall be called upon, from motives of humanity,
to make an appropriation for the construction of
another hospital elsewhere, icmote from these
annoyances and inconveniences.
Now, 1 understand the only objection to the
location of the building on the Mall is that it
will interfere with projects which are in view for
the improvement and adornment of the Mall.
Then it seems one object to be accomplished by
the transfer of this building is to lay a founda-
tion for a largo expenditure of money in the orna-
menting of that portion of the city; so that on
every hand the Treasury is to suffer. We are
to suffer, in the first place, to the amount of
$12,000 by transferring the site of the building
to Judiciary square. We shall, in consequence
of that transfer, in all probability be obliged
to build a hospital elsewhere, and also to make
i appropriations for the adornment and improve-
| ment of the Mall. That object will be, in a great
i degree, accomplished, so far as this portion of
| the Mall is concerned, by the present appropria-
tion, and the incidents connected with the im-
provement of the building.
The_other portion of the joint resolution, that
provision in iclation to the appropriation, it seems
to me, involves a censure—unintentional, I have
no doubt, on the part of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia—upon the Secretary of War.
The law making the original appropriation espe-
cially required the application of that appropria-
tion by the Secretary of War. If, therefoie, there
has been any wrong done, it has been done by
him. There is a general statute which makes it
illegal for the head of a Department to make a
contract for an amount exceeding the existing
appropiiation applicable to the purpose. If, there-
ioxc, he has made a contiact which would involve
a greater amount than the appropriation made
by Congress, he has become subject to censure,
because he has violated an existing law. So far
from the Secretary and the President being sub-
ject to censure on that score, and, therefore, so
far from there being any necessity for the reiter-
ation of the enactment to which I have alluded,
by tins clause of the resolution, it is evident that
the utmost care has been taken to confine the
cost of construction to the appropriation made
! by Congress. The President when he approved
| the selection of the site made this indorsement:
I The sue recommended by Colonel Craig in the within
lepoit is f-dc-ied ioi the envti'm of a building for the arms
of the volunteers of the District of Columbia, to be ol a
size and anangement which can tic completed without ex-
ceeding the appropriation of $30,000."
The Secretary of War issued, in conscquencc
of the action of the President, a direction to the
chief of the ordnance bureau to invite proposals
for the building, &nd dnected him to state the
amount appropriated," so that bidders may know
the limit beyond which it is useless to go in their
proposals."
Then, when the proposals were received, and
were about to be actea on, and were submitted
to the Secretary by the colonel of ordnance, he
indorsed on the report of the colonel these in-
structions:
War Department, October 25, 1855.
The contract will be entered into with the lowest bidder
whose proposal \s in conformity with the advertisement.
Due care will be taken not to exceed the sum appropriated
for the construction of the armory by additions or modifica-
tions which will increase the prime cost of the building:,
including the nccessary expenses in superintending the
work. JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
In obedience to that order, a contract was made
for a sum between $27,000 and $28,000, leaving
a surplus applicable to the expenses of superin-
tendence and other incidental expenses. The
amount originally appropriated will complete the
building entirely as a structure. It is objected, I
believe, by the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, that the contract does not include pro-
vision for racks. Why, sir, they are movables;
they are a part of the furniture, and are not in-
cluded in the structure. It is objected also that
the contract does not include the painting of the
building. It is a brick building, such as it is not
usual to paint, and therefore that would be merely
ornamental. The Secretary made no provision
for painting; but, if Congress chooses, it can make
an appropriation for ornamental purposes. This
building will last two hundred years or more,
without paint, as other brick buildings of the
same mateilal last without paint.
There is, then, a building provided for all the
purposes contemplated by the law, and the cost is
within the appropriation which has been made.
It has, however, been objected that the Department
has been at fault in permitting the work to pro-
ceed after action had been commenced by the Dis-
trict Committee, and while the resolution was
pending changing the location. The justification
for that is plain. The contract contained this pro-
vision:
And it is further agreed by the contracting parties, that
the foundations of the haul above-mentioned work shall not
be laid, nor the exca\ations for the same made, befoie the
1st day of Apul, 1856, and that thereafter the work shall
proeced as rapidly as possible, and without unnecessary
delay, till the same be finally completed."
The obligation of the contractors was to com-
mence preparing for the foundations on the 1st of
April, and they were to proceed without unneces-
sary delay. The consequence of any delay caused
by the Government would be to impose on the
Government an obligation to pay a claim of the
contractors for damages. That the contractors
were looking to the probability or possibility of
such an occurrence may be inferred from the fact
that, immediately on noticing the report of the
proceedings of the Senate on this resolution, they
advertised m one of the city papers that they
would hold the Government responsible for dam-
ages if there were any delay or any attempt to
transfer the location of the structure from the site
contemplated in the contract to any other.
But what was the action of the Secretary on the
note ofthe committee to the superintendentrequcst-
ing a delay? I refer to this point merely because
it has been mentioned, as a matler of complaint
against the Department, that pending proceedings
here it has per the work to progress so far
as the contractors chose to progress with it. On
the 5th of the present month, the head of the ord-
nance bureau addressed this letter to the Secretary
of War:
Ordnance Office, Ji-pril 5, 1856.
The within Inter from Major Bell, inclosing a note to
him from the Hon. Mr. Brown, ot the SenafOis re-pnct-
fully submitted to the Secrete!y of War for insnuctions,
if any aie daemcd necessaiy m the case.
A contract for the erection of the Di^tuct nrinorv on the
ground selected bv the President has been dulv executed;
and the contiaetors, Messrs. Jlird k. Company. have taken
measures to proem« the neee.-^arv luateual for the build-
ing, part of which has been, f u.-ider-trmd, deposited on the
ground selected, more is dailvcxpccted, and thry aie desir-
ous to commence work forthwith, which they were author-
ized by the contiact to do on the fii-t mutant. They pay
they on* now suflWinw great inconvenience from the d*r ln.y,
and f have no doubt ofthe truth ofthe statement; and wili,
of course, have a strong claim aga:n* t the Government tor
compensation foi tnoir losses. I do not fee! authorized,
under the cneum.-itances of the case, to irtve dnections to
Major Bell for further delay in the premises, but will leave
it foi him to proceed according to the coiitiaci, unlcs-s. uiliei-
wisg directed by you.
Instructions at your earliest convenience aie requested.
li. K. CKA1G,
Colonel of Ordnance*
