180
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Batiks—Messrs. Albright, Allison. Barbour, Ilen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Itehop, Bliss, Bmdshaw,
Uuffmgton, Burlingame, James H. Cauipbel), Lewis I).
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard. Hliffhston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Leiter.Matteson,McCarty, Moaehain, Kilhan Miller,Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Pearce, Pelton, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, rurviance,
Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton,' Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeinan, Walbridgc,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elliliu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Wooriworth. „ ,
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barks-
dale, Bell, Iioeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brook?, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
doll, Edmuildson, Elliott, English. Faulkner, Floience,
Thomas J. J). Puller, Goode, Giecmvood, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas I.. Hams, Herbert, Hickman, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kiriwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, Mo-
Ctneen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver,Orr, Parker,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffln, ttust, Snndidge,
Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stewait, Talbott,
Taylor, Vail, Warren, Watkrns, Wiiulow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wiight.
For itfr. Fuller—Messrs. John p.Campbell, Cailile, Cox,
Cullun, Henry Wmtei Davis, Enstis, J. Moiridon Hams.
|T ,v* rr ... T _ 1_ . Ft . U . .. . . "Vt « >>-v « I I 71,7 illfirowl
Hotnnaji.
Paine, I
William
Valk, and Zolbcolfer.
For Mr. Pennin«ton—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Hav.cn, Mooio, and -icon.
For Mr. Caridhers—Messrs. Etberidge and Kieliardson.
Far Orr—Mr. William-.
For Mr. Williams—>lr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Bremen.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DiCK'(when his iinme was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, as I understand that it is proposed to
continue in session until a Speaker bo elected,
and, as 111 consequence of my infirm health, I can-
not sit out a night session, I have made an arrange-
ment with the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. ICid-
weli.] to pair off'with him. Probably, therefore,
this will be the last vote that I will give to-night.
In the prospect of ail election of Speaker dining
the night, 1 thmk it proper to define my position.
Much has been said here, sir, in defining the posi-
tion of gentlemen, about principles of nc^onality.
I consider, sir, that one of the most important
principles of nationality is universal freedom.
On that principle I stand; on that principle I have
voted, and will still continue to vote. 1, like my
colleague, [Mr. Fullkr, of Pennsylvania,] am
opposed to the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise. But I oppose it on a different principle
from that on which he opposes it. I oppose it,
sir, on the ground that a vote of mine for the rea-
tqralion of the Missouri compromise would imply
a willingness on my part to admit territory south
of that line as slave territory. Now, I am utterly
opposed to the introduction into the United States
of any more slave territory; and I will vote for
lio man who 1 think entertains any other prin-
ciple. And, sir, if it wore nnt for'the infirmity
of my health, I would stand hereon that principle
and vote till the crack of doom. 1 vote for Air.
Banks.
Mr. KIDWELL (when his name was called)
said; 1 desire to state that I have agreed, after
this vote, to pair off' with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dick] until ten o'clock to-
morrow morning.
The Clerk continued the call of the roll; and
the vote was announced as above.
Mr. KEITT, (at ten minutes to seven, p. m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. On that motion icall for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pains and
Coming were appointed.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
14, noes 1)1.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. 1 move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
AMs-mber. There is no quorum. You cannot
go on to take any votes without a quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You can go on
and call the roll, and if there is no quorum, there
will be no election; just as there has been no elec-
tion every vote that has been given for the last
five weeks.
Mr. RWFFIN. The Clerk has the right to
count the House and ascertain whether a quorum
is present. He has that right, according to all
precedent.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I do not
see that anything is to be accomplished by refus-
ing to adjourn. Those gentlemen who have voted
for the last one hundred votes without change,
will not change their votes, if we sit all night.
There are no particular elements here for an im-
mediate change. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that there be a call of the House, upon which
tellers had been demanded.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. W heeler
and Pearce were appointed.
Mr. KEITT. I understand that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Kennett] desires to address
some remarks to the House. For that purpose
1 will withdraw the motion that there be ti call
of the House.
Mr. KENNETT. I make the motion that the
rule of the House, limitingdebate here to speeches
often minutes each, be rescinded.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I believe 1 have the floor. I
j make that motion, and upon it I desire to submit
J a few remarks upon the present condition of the
House. [Cries of " Go on!"] I trust, sir, that
gentlemen will not get tired of a little talking.
Sir, if we are to sit here all night, voting, and
perhaps all day to-morrow, for my part I should
greatly prefer to see gentlemen come plump up
to the scratch, and do directly what they thus
propose to do by indirection.
Mr. Clerk, who are the parties acting with the
plurality upon this floor, voting against adjourn-
ment? The immortal seventy-four. Sir, what
is the object of these gentlemen who have pre-
vented an adjournment ? As has been well said
by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. McMcllin,]
a few moments ago, it is not with the slightest
hope of securing the election of the honorable
gentleman they have ail along kept before the
House as their first choice for Speaker. Ko, sir;
it can be only with the hope oC electing the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. j I \ s s. ] If
that be the ease, then let them come out like men—•
let them come up boldly and vote for an election
by plurality. Let tliem elect Mr. Basks us
Speaker, and take the responsibility. Let, them
not come up here with statements of having paired
off, and giving their reasons for the last vote tiiev
ever expect to give for speaker. Well, sir, I am
not very strong. This is the first time 1 have
attempted to address the House: it maybe the
last; and perhaps I had better take this oppor-
tunity to explain why I have so long stood by
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,]
and still intend to stand by him.
It is true that I have got no long telegraphic
dispatches from home to me here, announcing to
me that my friends arc delighted with the course
I have pursued. I cannot even show a letter.
l!ut I take it for granted that the people in my
district are satisfied to leave their interests in my
hands, and have nothing to say upon the subject.
I take that to be a fair inference. And, sir,
though I cannot see that I have any hope of elect-
ing ray distinguished friend from Pennsylvania
by standing out in his support, yet I can say as
an old lady"m our country said last year, to con-
sole herself for having failed to raise any corn a
year ago. She said, ""It is true that I have raised
no com, but, thank God, my neighbors are no
better oif." [Laughter.] It seems to me that
the other branches, or factions, or divisions, or
whatever you may choose to term them, in this
House, stand upon pretty much the same ground,
unless I except my friends of the Democratic
party. They are hot satisfied with standing on
the same footing with other people, thanking U-od
that they stand precisely where their neighbors
stand; but if I may be permitted theremaik, with-
out intending anythingdiscouileousto them, they
throw themselves back, wrap themselves in their
cloaks, and thank God that they are better than
other people are. [Renewed laughter.] I say
they thank God that they arse better than other
men; better than one hundred and fifty other
men who stand in opposition to them upon this
floor.
I think the fact will not be disputed that there
are at least one hundred and fifty out of the two
hundred and thirty members here who have been
elected in opposition to the present Administra-
tion of the National Government. That fact, at
least, cannot be gainsayed. It may be said, and
said truly, that that Opposition differ amongst
themselves—that they are not united in their
efforts to elect a Speaker. But for that reason
are the seventy-four to be exempted from respon-
sibility? Are they to be released from all odium
in the matter? Are they to be exempted on the
ground that they are the plurality ? I tell them
that the Banks men beat them. Upon the ground
that they are a small minority ? Certainly. We
who are voting for Mr. Puller can say to them
as the Irishman said, "We are twice as small
as you." [Great laughter.] Or, to go a little
further down, the half dozen outsiders, who have
been voting for almost anybody in general, and
nobody in particular, are still less responsible.
The responsibility, therefore, remainswith them—
the Democrats.
But, seriously, what has that party in this
House, on which, as I contend, the great re-
sponsibility does rest, done towards effecting an
organization of the body? They have offered
us a highly honorable gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] my friend, and one for
whom, under certain circumstances, I could and
would have voted with the greatest pleasure. I
have not required that that gentleman shall be
taken down and some other put in liis place, in
order that 1 may vote for a man of the Demo-
cratic party. I believe that he is among the best,
if not the noblest Roman of them all. He is a
western man, and my neighbor; and I could vote
for him with gieat pleasure if I had ever, since
the first attempt to organize the House, had a
chance; but we have had none. Those gentle-
men have not only stood by their platform, but
they tell us that they intend to die by it. They
have, moreover, told us that they would not
even extend a helping hand from that platform
if we were willing to desert our principles to get
there, but we must crawl up to it at the risk of
breaking our necks m the attempt—and even
then to come up with ropes around our necks, to
be hanged as soon as we got there. [Laughter.]
If I had known that the resolution of the Demo-
cratic caucus was to be binding here, 1 would
have brought my coffin along, and had it con-
venient in the lobby. [Renewed laughter.]
I say that those gentlemen have not shown
such anxiety for the organization of this House as
their position demanded of them, as the support-
ers of that Administration of the country which
has been in power for some three years. The re-
sponsibility does rest with them. They have a
greater responsibility to use every effort in their
power, consistent with principle, to organize this
House, than with any other body of men in it.
I say that they have not made any effort—not
one step, toward conciliation and the oiganiza-
tion of the House. I am willing that that as-
sertion shall go forth to the country. I hope
it will; and I think, if the time and my strength
would allow, that 1 could sustain the proposition
satisfactorily. Have they offered us one of my
colleagues, [Mr. Caruthers,] an old-line Whig,
one voting with them, or another [Mr. Porter]
voting against them, as a compromise man?
Have they sought to take my colleague, [Mr.
Caruthers,] the old-line Whig, who has felt it
to be his duty, in the present crisis and conjunc-
ture of affairs, to vote for Mr. Richardson as a
compromise man ? Not a word of it. Have they
offered to take, as a compromise candidate, an-
other colleague, [All-. Porter,] an old-line Whig,
who has been acting with the Americans, the
national Americans, on this floor, who, although
he is wi'.h, is not of them? Have they offered
to take hnn, in the effort and in the hope of an
organization of this House ? They have not.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Cries of " Go on I" " Go on I"]
The CLERK. If there is no objection, the
gentleman will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. KENNETT." I have done.
Mr. DAVIDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I wish to say a word
or two in reply to my colleague.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana is entitled to th# floor.
