1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
tee of the Whole House, (Mr. Greenwood in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now hope the
committee will come to an understanding to
regard this as objection day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
have no power to do that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee certainly can do it by unanimous consent.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 object.
Mr. ALLISON. It will be recollected that
yesterday, when the House first went into com-
mittee, several bills were passed over on the
objection of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
McMullin.] i ask that, by common consent,
these bills may be taken up and disposed of first.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the regular order of
business, and ask that the Chair will have the
bill taken up on the Calendar which is regularly
in order.
RUNNER AND HEATH. ^
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Renner and Nathaniel H.
Heath, was then taken up for consideration, upon
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letch-
er] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I will not
consume the time of the committee by making a
speech on this subject. I will content myself
with reading to the committee, on this occasion,
a report of the Treasury Department, addressed
to me as a member of the Committee on Claims,
on the 10th day of June, 1851, which presents all
the material facta m connection with this matter.
It is as follows:
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Oh-ii;k, June 10, jfs.T>4.
Sir: In compliance with the icque^t iu your loiter of the
3d instant, I have the honoi to tiausniit herewith all the
papci* on tile m tins otfioe appertaining to the easeot Maiy
ti. Remicr. administrator of Daniel Rennet, deceased. i
have hoirowed Horn the Foutlh Auditoi ail the papeis m
hwotlice lehmve to the sumo claim, which I aU> tuiiiMiut,
with a request that they may be letutuod as soon as the
committee shall have no further lor them.
In ouler that the committee may be in possession of all
the facts m the ease, and that no injustice may be done to
uny patty mteiostcd, I beg leave to submit the following
statement:
It appears that some tune puor to the 20th of August,
1813, a eeiUun Nathaniel il. Heath erected a iope-waik,
with its appurtenances, in Washington city, ami that on
that day he entered into a lotmal wntten contract of co-
paitncMlnp with Daniel Rennei, of Geoigetown, District
of Columbia, loi the purpose ot jointly cdnving on the rope
and twine making business at the iope-waik of said Heath,
an authenticated copy of which i-iheiewilli presented. This
contiuet contains many stipulations, the puneipal of which
it*, that the i<qntal of the mm was to eon*-i->t of the topo-
walkof Heath, and tile .sum of .^7,0U0 to be procured by
Kennei upon the credit of the copaitneiMnp, to be laid out
iu cati>in^ on the tiade, tin uiteu -.t cm discount to be paid
by the fiim. Renner a^iecd, al-;o, to thnte.li the v.iui e!
J$'H,000, to be laid out in like manner m the bU'ine.^ of tin*
linn, as one liall tlm expense ot the rope-walk dunmz the
teun of two years; attlie end of winch the eopattuership
was to terminate,mid Rentier, ij he wished it, \va^ to become
half ownei of tiie rope-walk, m consideration of the ad-
vance of the i?aid .513,000. The expenses and looses we.e
to be borne, ami the piofits to be shaied, equally by e.ieh
partner, and Heath was to have the genet al Mipciintemlenee
of the business, and rentier ail the .--ernces m his povvet lor
the benefit of the tirm. In ea^e ot' a dissolution <«. tho co-
partnership, cither by mutual consent oi the expiration of
the tune limited for its continuance, ti.1' rope-walk and an-
imrtenances, with the >toek and piopet;y ol* the u.'>i,
o be liable l'o't the payment of the A;*< ,000* and P'.iit h, ioie
mentioned. And linally. m ease of the death or either of
said parties hejore the expnation ol the period ot their p;irt-
neiship, the survivor and the executor oi admnu^tnuot of
the deceased partner wcie to have all the lemaminu - totes
on hand immediately worked up and sold, the partnei-lup
linally settled and closed, and the proceeds, after the pay-
ment of all debts ami expenses, iv -re to be (quu'hi dmded
between said surviving partner and the executor Ot admin-
istrator ot the deceased.
It appears that the partnership was abiuptly terminated
within one year after it was entered into, by the capture of
the city ot Washington by the Xhiti^h army, and the entire
destruction by lire of the tope-walk and ail its contents,
consisting of a larj?" quantity of cordage and materials, both
wrought and unwrou^ht, on the :2.5th of August, ldW, by
order of the British commander.
The ciieumstances of this desttuction, as shown by the
papers, were such as to cieate a itro,i<f claim on the justire
and liberality of Congies* for full indemnity for the enlne
toss, and accordingly it is found that both partners, then
living, nvc&ented their petition tliereiot, very soon there-
after. They stated their claim, exclusive of the value of
the iope-waik, to be .-$34,800 ; but, on the 9th of Novem-
ber, Mr. Yd.ucey, fiom the Committee on Claims of
:he House of Repiei-entanves, made an adverse report on
'tie claim.—Sec report, No. 230, Third session Thirteenth
Cungre^.
On the 6th of December, 1816, Renner & Heath, the
latter still living, again petitioned Congress for an allowance
of their claim, which was asecond time adversely reported
upon by Mr. Yancey, from the same committee, on the 17th
of January, 1817 —See report No. 334, Second session
Fouiteenth Couyre^s.
The parties, however, still continued to prosecute, and
obtained a favorable report fiom Mr. Williams, from the
same committee, on the 16th of March, 1818. In this report
the claim, including the value of the rope-walk, is stated to
be $30,417 ; and oh the lbth of February, 1819, an act was
approved for the " relief of Daniel Renner and Nathaniel
11. Heath," in which the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury were authorized to allow them tor the destruction of
their property, exclusive of the rope-walk, valued at $5,650,
the sum of £>*19,803 60. In the mean time, the date not
known, Hea*'« died, as appears from a copy of aletter dated
New Bedford, February 16, 1819, also herewith, addressed
to Renner by his brother and adminntiator, Samuel W.
Heath. In this letter he asks loi information ot his biothers
atfairs, and expresses a hope that he {Renner) •' Will teel
sufficient sympathy loi the Mificnngs of his family connec-
tion^, and mteiot-t m the welfare ot Ins little helpless tarn-
ilv, to giant cveiy facility m bringing his estate to a speedy
settlement; that they weie .led to believe that the appli-
cation to Conyie^s for telief by thelhm of which he (Ren-
ner) was the •su-vivrng partner, had been successful, troin
which theyinfoncd that much benefit mould result to his
(Heath's) ehildien.1'
On the 25tli of February, 1819, the claim under the act
was stated and passed bv the accounting officeis, in the
names of Renner & Heath, for f519,803,60; but payment
was diieeted to be made to Daniel Renner, the surviving
partuer Of this sum a warrant, No. 1556, for one halt,
k9,901,80, was issued m Renncr's favor, on the 25th of
March, 1819; and for the remaining half, warrant No. 2104,
was al>o issued m Renner's favor on the 5th of November
following, and theie i-> no doubt that the whole of this large
sum of money was leceived by him. Tn the contiact ot co-
partner-hip, expiess power is given to the surviving partner
to sell the lemammg effect*, pay off debts and expenses,
close the partneiship, and equally divide the proceeds, only
m the event of the death of one of them betore the tune
limited forit^ termination.
In the event of a dissolution by mutual consent, the same
mode of final settlement is prescribed, hut the piovision is
silent as to whethet such settlement was to be made by
either one of the paurnns or both together. The partner-
ship was not terminated in either of the ways provided lor
in the contract,.unle,-s the enUie desti action ol its piopcity
and bu-<ine^s by the invaMon and eaptute of the city by the
public enemy ran he called such a dissolution by mutual con-
sent a-< i- theicm contemplated. Up to the death of Heath,
which doeMiot appear to h.ivemken pi,ice until at loa-tthi-'e
or four vcats ati< i the burning of the tope \\ aik, the claim
befoie 0on tcss va- ]ointl\ piosecnred In both partner*, and
the law was p.issed foi the n-hei of both. I! it is admitted,
however, that the death of Heath so tonir ,iltorw;:ui-, gave
Renner, as Mtmving parmet, the iierht, without any other
autlionty iiom the heirs or administrator of Heath, to re-
ceive tiie whole proceeds ot the act ot Confess, which
seems to have been the deci-;on of the ut<ou;di,f> offum,
yet the latter being equally interested, wo e cleativ enuied
to an equal share of the net proceeds and to pioteetion -n
their light to such. ft doe*, not appear that Uenner bad any
authoutytiom Heath's admun-fiator to teren-o the whole
amount oi the congressional mdoinmtw ot that the hen,-. or
iMateof Heath received any benefit fiom it whatevei.
With the amount lie received Renner app'aiss to have
been satisfied, until tiie 16th ot Fchniary, 18J1, when, as
smviviug paitner, he again jietitioned Congress fot pauuent
ot the \ a!it" of!he iope-waik and ap])uitenanees, ^ome addi-
j ] tional seme twmo omitted m tin- f< inner application, and for
! iwentv per cent, dedu'-ted from the value ot tne co;daae,
| ke., paid bu on account of the inobable cost ot transpoua-
! ttoti, amounti.ig altug* tiiei to j^vl I ,(>!>6 75.
j! The stib|(<et is alteiward-thus noticed m the proceedings
j! of the Hon-e of Uepresentatn es :
I i is25, December 10. i'etition piesented.
'[ -• ij-1 >i>, Febtuaiy xi 1. Adver-e tepoit by Committee on
Claim . «it'd otdeied to lie on the taule.
, ' ls2t>, Decemlv" 14. Petition piesented, and referred to
1; ("ommittee on ' 'l.uuis.
|| lS-2", Januaiy 5. \dverse report l>y Committee on
I! Claim--, and oitle"'<i to lie on tiie table.
•" 1^-27, Januaiy Leave gi\en to withdraw papers.
:! ;t Tebinaiv-^'. Petition piesented.
u 18'2^, Maaii 10. Advei>e lepnrt by Committee on
!1 Claim's, and ordered to he on the table.
I l* 1828, December 30. Petition piesented, and leforied to
j Committee on Ctam\s.
| u ly 29. Deeem'oer ;ii. Petition piesented, and retorred to
II < 'ommittee on Claims.
1! <e Januaiy 7. Adverse report by Committee on
i j Claim and oidt.-ied to he on the table.'"
i! About tins tune, oi -oon after, Kenaci appears a!<o to have
j | died, and no fit1 t'ler nonce appeals or the claim dunng the
! I TioKt sivteen sneered met veais On the yt'i ot Januaty, 1^46,
j: it was 'i^am n vi\ cd m Congress by the petition ot tiie pres-
!, ent e'aiinunt. Maty 15. Uenner, not as e\ecutiiXoi adimu-
] istr.itux of bet deceased hu?bnud, but .'imp1}* and <t/lc!y
upon ihegtoiifd of being lin widow m needy cucum-tan-
ees, with a iatae i.iiiUly toiallv unprovided for. A.* R^nnei "j,
widow, she eo'ituuied to prosecute the claim, as appears
liv the pMv'ic.jr,;- of the Houie of Repiesentatives. m
w h-ch it - fli't- notice.i:
".fujv-;i. l>ej. Favorable report.
<* !)ert>m'i!'t b1, l-'tT. Petition atiam piesented.
a Februaiy 9. ISIS. Favo-a!>le lepoit.
""March 4. 1850, Petiiion presented.
" Septembei 16,1P50. Leave to witluhaw paper'.
C£ Dceinbei 30, l<-'50, ]>etttion again pie~{'')ted."'
On the 8th of March, 1852. the name of .Man J>. Renner
is (hopped, and, fot the first tune, the name of John F. Cal-
i.trt, as the admmi^mqor of Daniel Renner, is noticed- a
bill having passed the Senate fot ins telief—he having been
appointed admimstiator on the 19th of Februarv, i850. ft
would seem that no previous administration had ever been
had upon the estate of Rentier, or the late is gianted to
Callan would have been ad ministration de loxis non. He
continued administrator until June, 1852, when his letters
were revoked, and administration granted to the claimant,
Mary B. Renner, on the 26th of that month.
On the 3d of Fediuary, 1853, "An act for the relief of
Mary B. ltcnner, admimstiatux of Daniel Kenner, do-
ceased," was appioved, which authorized the Secretary of
the Tieasury " to cause the claim of said Mary B. Rentier,
admmistratiix of Daniel Renner, who was surviving part-
ner of the tiim of Renner & Heath, composed of said Ren-
ner and Nathaniel W. Heath, which claim arose from the
burning of a rope-walk, and seine twine therein, by the
public enemy, in August, 1814, hdfonging to said firm, to be
audited and settled upon principles of equity and justice,
upon the evidence heretofore produced and on filc,oi here-
alter to be taken, piovided the allowance so made should
not cxcccd $6,744."
Application was immediately made for a settlement under
the act. An account was stated and passed by the account-
ing officers on the 8th, for $6,743 75, and a requisition on
the Treasury for the money delivered to Mrs. Renner on the
13th of February, 1853.
Thus, it appears, have the rights of Heath and his heirs,
equally inteiested in the property of the rope-walk and the
indemnity for its destruction, been entirely overlooked ami
disregarded, and for anything appearing to the contrary,
the whole of the large sum of $20,547 35 has gone into the
hands of, and inured to the exclusive benefit ot, his partner,
Renner, m his life time, and his widow after his death.
The contract of partnership, in my judgment, gave Ren-
ner, avs surviving paitner, no right to receive the whole
amount first allowed under the act of Congress for the relief
of the firm without the authority and assent of the repre-
sentatives of Heath which, as has been before observed,
there is nothing showing that it ever was obtained, and it
does appear to me that the amount allowed under the last
act of Congress should not have been paid to the widow of
Rentier without first ascertaining the rights of the heirs of
the other partner, and particularly as the buildings for which
§5,650 was paid were erected by Heath, and weie his prop-
erty. That Heath's heirs aie to some extent aware of their
lights, theie can be no doubt; for shortlv after the pa^a^o
of the last law an inquiry upon the subject was made ot
this office by a Mr. Gunnell, of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, foimerly a membei of Congie^, and by one or two
otbei S3 since. * And I nave felt it my duty to submit tht> state-
ment that they may not belo-t sight ol in anv future indem-
nify that Coitgiess may think pioper to awatd, and that it
may eettamly be paid to the parties legally entitled to 10-
cetve it.
With Teat res'pcct, your most obedient servant,
F. BURT, Auditor.
Hon. J. "Letcher, Chairman of the Committee on Cluimi,
House of Representatives.
Mr. Chairman, as the time of the House is
very precious, 1 do not propose to go into any
discussion of this matter. I am content to leave
the case on this report from the Auditor. It
shows clearly and conclusively, as I think, that
the amount of money already paid has entirely
gone into the hands of one of the parties to this
contract, and that the heirs, or the administrator,
or any individuals interested in a share of the
estate, have received no portion whatever of it.
It also appears from this statement, that the
real property which \vds destroyed by this fire,
valued at §5,GOO, was the property of Heath
himself; that he held it in fee simple. And there
is no evidence to show that the ^3,000, said to
have been borrowed and set off as and for the
interest of Runner in the rope-walk, was ever bor-
rowed, advanced, or invested in this property m
any way whatever.
Mr. KNOWLTON. Mr. Chairman, in the
absence of my colleague on the Committee on
1 Claims, who had this bill in charge, and in
| tice to the paities and the committee itself, I feel
! it to be my duty to make an explanation in reply
[ to the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia.
| The statement of that gentleman, that only one
j of the parties hns heretofore received any por-
| tion of this claim, it appears to me but adds
| to the argument in favor of something being now
; paid when the evidence is, that the Government
| has not paid for the whole amount of property
[ destroyed.
J I will state some of the facts in the case. So
; far as these claimants are concerned, it appears
' that, when the city was threatened with invasion,
! they had on hand, in their walk near the navy-
i yard, a large quantity of cordage, rope, and twine,
suitable for the public use; and fearing the de-
l struction of their property by the approaching
i enemy, they employed, in ample season, a suffi-
| cient number cf boats to remove all their stock to a
; place of safety, but their boats ivere taken from them,
i avd impressed into the service of the United States lo
' remove Young's brigade across the Potomac, by order
| of General Winder. Renner Sf Heath then procured
i ca^ts, and afterwards iragons, for the removal of their
I property, but these were also all impressed by the
' United States Government, to remove books and pa-
! pers from the public offices, and for the removal of
, other public property. Finding their utmost indus-
!' try and vigilance, as exhibited in these energetic
