170
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
- Captain S. F. Du Font, U. S. N.—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
Now again comes up the question: Governor
Reeder says that General Whitfield is not entitled
to a seat, for the reason that the laws of the
Territory are null and void, because the Legisla-
ture was illegally constituted. If it were illegally
constituted, Governor Reeder was particeps crimi-
nis. If it were illegally constituted, he knew the !
facts of its illegality, and yet he sanctioned it by
his act as Governor of the Territory. But let me
proceed further. 1
After the election was over, Governor Reeder
issued a proclamation convening the Legislature
at Pawnee City, and the Legislature did meet
there. And here, Mr. Speaker, let me call the
attention of gentlemen to this particular fact. !
Governor Reeder issues his proclamation calling .
together the Legislature, which he now says was
illegal, at Pawnee City, a place one hundred and ij
forty miles from the Missouri river, on the mar- ,
gin of the sparse settlements of that Territory,
where there were no buildings, no conveniences, jj
no provisions—having to get all their supplies j
from the river—and where cholera was prevailing '
to a frightful extent, that terrific disease making
more victims there, in proportion to the popula-
tion, than anywhere else. The Legislature met
at Pawnee City, and Governor Reeder came before
them with his message. And why did he con-
vene them at Pawnee City? Because the Gover-
nor and others had been making investments in
town sites on the military reservation, and expected
to realize handsome fortunes. The assembling
there of the Legislature would give the place
character and notoriety abroad. And here let me
remind the House that the President of the Uni-
ted States tells us that for complicity in this same
offense of trespassing on the military reservation,
a distinguished officer of the Army was court-
martialed and cashiered. When the Legislature
met there, Governor Reeder flattered himself he
was going to realize an immense fortune; and see
how beautifully he talks! The Legislature is all
right now. There is no illegality in its consti-
tution. _ The Legislature is quite legal so long as
it sits in Pawnee City. Hear how Governor
Reeder goes on in his message to the Legislative
Assembly:
" Having been duly notified that your respective bodies
have organized for the performance of your official functions,
I herewith submit to you the usual executive communica-
tion relative to subjects of legislation, which universal and
long-continued usage in analogous cases would seem to
demand, although no express rcquirmentof it is to be found
in the act of Congress which has brought us into official ex-
istence, and prescribed our several duties.
"The position which we occupy, and the solemn trust that
is confided to us for originating the laws and institutions and
molding the destinies of a new republic in the very geo-
graphical center of our vast and magnificent Confederation,
cannot but impress us with a deep and solemn sense of the
heavy responsibility which we have assumed, and admonish
us to lay aside all selfish and equivocal motives, to discard
all unworthy ends, and in the spirit of justice and charity
to each other, with pure hearts, tempered feelings, and sober
'Udgments, to address ourselves to our task, and so perform
it, in the fear and reverence of that God who oversees our
work, that the star we expect to add to the national banner
shall be dimmed by 110 taint or tarnish of dishonor, and that,
when viewed from the trying and scrutinizing stand-point
of the future, we shall be subject to no reproach save that
which springs from the inevitable fallibility of just and uo-
light men." r
The Legislature, I repeat, met pursuant to his
proclamation, at Pawnee City; there he sends
this communication to them—an extract from ,
which I have read—and recommends the passage
of certain measures which, in hisjudgment, would j
promote the general welfare of the Territory. He !
admonishes them, above all things, to forget
everything of self, and to rise above everything
sordid; and this, too, on account of his high re-
spect for his country, and for that God who is
>.he ruler of nations, he invokes them in the stvle
I have read. Now, Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen
on each side of the House, I ask you, in all truth
 nd soberness, ought not Governor Reeder's
mouth be closed on this subject forever ?
But let us go further. The Legislature, on
account of the absence of accommodations at Paw-
nee City, the absence of houses and provisions,
and inasmuch as many were falling before the
pestilence prevailing there, passed an act remov-
ing the place of their sessions temporarily to
Shawnee Mission. The Governor vetoed that
enactment. Why ? Because of his personal inter-
est m Pawnee City. But the Legislature passed
t.ie act over his veto by a two-third vote, all the
members being in dread of the pestilence. They
accordingly started to Shawnee Mission, ana
there came the Governor, sauntering along after
them. [Laughter.] The very first bill passed by
the Legislature at Shawnee Mission was one-for
the establishment of some little ferry, or some-
thing of that kind, and he vetoed it. On what
ground ? Why, sir, on the ground that the Legis-
lature was not sitting where he had convened
them, and where the law called them, as he
alleged.
Now, Mr. Speaker, just look at it. The or-
ganic act fixed the temporary seat of government
of the Territory of Kansas at Port Leavenworth,
provided they could procure buildings; and con-
ferred upon the Governor the right to designate
the time and place for the meeting of the Legis-
lature. But it was found that they could procure
no sufficient buildings at Port Leavenworth, and
so, from the necessity of the case, the Governor
established temporarily the seat of government
at Shawnee Mission. Now, he had no authority,
under the organic law, to establish the seat of
government temporarily at Shawnee Mission.
What right had he to do so ? He acted simply
from the necessity of the case, and not by au-
thority of any law. Then, when he had con-
vened the Legislature, and it was regularly organ-
ized, I contend, and submit it to every member
of this House, that it had a right to adjourn to
such time and place as it deemed right. Under
the organic law, the legislative power of the
Territory was to extend to all rightful subjects of
legislation, consistent with the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States and with the
provisions of that act, section twenty-four, which
is in these words:
" That the, legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provisions of this
Now, I submit to every well-balanced mind if,
after having met in Pawnee City, under the cir-
cumstances, they ha^not the right to adjourn to
meet in another place, without violating any law ?
I say they had; and I wish to call the attention
of the_ House to the peculiar phraseology of the
organic act of Congress in this respect. It says:
"The Governor shall designate the time and place
when and where they shall meet." Mark the
language: " shall meet." The language of the act
in regard to the Legislature of Nebraska is, that
" the Governor shall designate the time and place
when and where the Legislative Assembly shall
hold its first session." One designates the place
where the Legislative Assembly shall only meet,
l and the other designates the place where it shall
i hold its first session. The Legislative Assembly of
Kansas did meet at the time and place designated
by Governor Reeder; then, in accordance with
the authority of the organic act of the Territory,
by the clearest implication, they had the right to
pass an act, as they did do, changing their place
of holding their session.
Well, sir, Governor Reeder vetoed that act; and
after having continued his mal-administration as
Governor of the Territory,meanwhile trespassing
upon the public lands, military reservations, and
misconduct in other respects, the President saw
fit to remove him from office. Sir, it was a just
removal. It was an act that ought to have been
performed long before, for, by retaining him, it
was drawing around the President suspicions
among the people, in various portions of the coun-
try, that he was acting in bad faith towards the
people of the South. But, sir, I am pleased to
say, on my own behalf, as well as on behalf of
my constituents, that the recent brilliant rays of
light which have been thrown out from the exec-
utive mansion, in the President's annual message,
and in his more recent special message on Kansas
affairs, have dispelled all the shadows that had '
begun to make their appearance in consequence !
of the suspicion of his supposed favorableness to
Governor Reeder's conduct. But he now stands
before the country fully redeemed as a man of
integrity, of firmness, and of high moral courage,
determined to execute faithfully the Constitution
and laws of the Country, and to preserve them in
rii^enfPUnty' aS they re,ate to the equality of
rights of every portion of the country.
call the attention of the House to the fact, that
this revolutionary party—this " free State party,"
as they are called—assembled at Lawrence, and
fortified the town, procured, or had, a supply of
Sharpe's rifles and artillery, with the avowed
purpose of resisting the regularly constituted au-
thorities of the Territory. These acts were com-
mitted by that party whose ruling spirit was
Governor Reeder.
Now, sir, ought we to adopt this resolution,
authorizing the Committee of Elections to send
for persons and papers ? If you do it you thereby
give countenance to revolution; you give counte-
nance to a man who has put himself at the head
of a body of people acting in defiance of all law,
and in defiance of the regularly constituted author-
ities; you give countenance to a man who has
been the principal instigator of the movements
which have given rise to the recent troubles in
Kansas, which required the Governor to call out
the strong arm of the Territory to maintain the
majesty of the laws. Will you lower the dignity
of the House ? Will gentlemen put a stain upon
the Government by authorizing a committee of
this House to send nearly two thousand miles for
persons as witnesses to be us'ed at the instance of
a man who has counseled revolution and treason—
who sowed broad cast in that Territory the seeds
of revolution, striffe, and the shedding of frater-
nal blood. By our action in this affair we should
teach him ana all such, that revolutionists, dis-
turbers of the public tranquillity, can never receive
countenance from the American Congress.
captain s. f. DU pont, U. s. n.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. CLAYTON,
of delaware,
In Executive Session of the Senate,
March 11, 1856,
[The injunction of secrecy having been removed.]
Mr. CLAYTON said: After several weeks of
absence from the Senate, owing to severe indispo-
sition, I ask leave to make an explanation, which
would have been promptly given at a period when
it would have been more fitting had I been able
to occupy my seat when the necessity for it first
occurred.
A gallant officer of the Navy, a citizen of the
State of which I.am a representative in this
body—a man who is, I believe I may truly say,
universally honored and esteemed by the citizens
of that State—has been personally assailed, indi-
rectly, if not directly, as one of the naval board.
I refer, sir, to Captain S. F. Du Pont. It is not
my purpose to follow minutely the tracks of those
contemptible calumniators who have attempted
to spread a drag-net over every incident of his
life, from his boyhood, when he first entered the
Navy, to the present hour, in the vain hope that
some fault might be discovered—some blot might
be fixed upon the stainless name of this brave
and chivalrous gentleman, to avenge themselves
for the acta of that naval board; but I owe it to
the people I represent—I owe it to common jus-
tice, to bear my sincere testimony in his behalf,
and to repel the efforts made to injure him, no
matter when or by whom made.
Sir, this officer, who has been known to his
fellow-citizens of Delaware from his childhood,
has spent about twenty years of his life afloat
upon the ocean wave, fearlessly encountering the
perils of battle and tempest, with all the other
dangers incident to a nautical life. A sailor
more accomplished, by the universal testimony
of his brother officers, never trod the deck of an
American ship of war. For his admirable qual-
ities as a seaman and an officer, he was selected
as captain of the Congress frigate, when that
noble vessel sailed to California during the Mex-
lean war, under the broad pennant of the gallant
Commodore Stockton, not long since a distin-
guished member of this body. Arrived on the
coast of California, he was there selected as a
man eminently qualified for the command of
the American man-of-war Cyane.and for the dis-
charge of those active services, the exercise of
that sleepless vigilance required in blockading
ports on the coast of Mexico, capturing the ves-
sels, breaking up the trade, and taking a conspic-
uous part in the conquest of Lower California.
