1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J7S1
efforts to Rare their property by removal, thus
frustrated by the Government, they were reluc-
tantly compelled to leave it to its fate.
It has been said that these parties have received
compensation for the property which was de-
stroyed twice over. Gentlemen will observe, by
recurring to the report of the facts in the case,
that while the claim was §31,500 it was cut down
to the sum of $19,803 and some cents. No rea-
son is given by the committee that made the
deduction in 1819, but that they deemed it safe
to make it. The evidence on the other hand
shows that the price of the property as claimed
by the parties was actually below the price of
like property soon after it was destroyed. The
amount allowed in 1853 was not for the prop-
erty destroyed, in the building, but for the build-
ing itself.
Mr, LETCHER. And for the twine then
brought in for the first tune.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Yes, sir; one thou-
sand pounds of seine twine, which was not em-
braced in the first account.
Mr. IvNOWLTON. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee were of opinion, that if the Government
is bound to pay for the property atall, it is bound
to pay a fair compensation to these parties for the
losses which they sustained. But the gentleman
says that there must be an end somewhere to
these claims.
Sir, the committee provide in this bill that the
claim shall be examined upon evidence now on file,
(and such evidence as may be hereafter presented,)
and compensation shall be made for the value
of the movable property destroyed, after making
a fair deduction for the probable damage and cost
of removing said property to a place of safety,
and returning it to the city after the danger had
passed, provided that the sum paid upon the
settlement of said account, in addition to what
has been heretofore paid, shall not exceed §4,636;
which, when paid, shall be in full of all damages and
claiini of the said Renner Heath, or their represent-
atives, arising out of the destruction of their property
by the enemy d'/riv/; the said 'tear with Great Brit-
ain; and provided further that the amount paid
by virtue of the provisions of this act shall be
paid in equal parts to the said Renner & Heath,
or to their legal representatives.
With this statement I submit the case to the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise, with a view of closing debate on the
pending bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me to make a single remark.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 withdraw the motion to
rise, but I hope the gentleman will renew it when
he has said what he wishes to say.
Mr. LETCHER. In the act passed in 1819.
there was a proviso that the amount to be paid
should not exceed a certain sum; and therefore
the proviso on which the gentleman relies in the
present bill as an ample protection, is to be little
depended on, for claims will be renewed for forty
years afterwards.
Mr. HAVEN. If my friend from Virginia
■will allow me, I will say to him thu.t there are
claims to the amount of at least a million or two
of dollars, from the northern frontier, lying back
of this, and which are quite as meritorious.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I am pleased to see
that my worthy friend from Virginia has taken
so manly a course in this contest, and that he has
satisfied himself with making a simple statement
of facts, which I, as a member of this House,
will not attempt to controvert, except in refer-
ence to one or two points. He has been satisfied
with stating the facts, leaving the House to draw
their own conclusion. As to tfie report from the
Treasury Department, which the gentleman has
read, I have to say that it is correct m every par-
ticular, except as to the conclusion which the
Third Auditor draws in reference to the question
where the money ought to have gone. The
Auditor does not controvert the claim m one sin-
gle particular. In another letter, the Auditor re-
states the accounts, and admits that there is
something yet due, and the only question is as to
whom it shall be paid, whether to Iienner's heirs
alone, or to the heirs of Renner & Heath ?
I will explain how it came to pass that Renner
got the whole amount. Heath died, and Renner
settled up the business of the partnership; and,
before Congress made any appropriation in 1819,
every particle of the property of Renner had been
spent to satisfy the claims which arose out of the
purchase of this twine and hemp. Heath's heirs
have not yet received one cent; and when in 1853
the appropriation was made, Heath's heirs con-
tested the question as to whether they were not
entitled to receive some part of it. The case was
brought up before the court by an able lawyer in
this city, and it was decided that Renner's heirs
had not yet been paid the amount advanced to the
firm.
Last'winter, the hoirs of Heath, some living
in Massachusetts, others in Illinois, Wisconsin,
and some in the District of Columbia, investigated
the matier for three months, searched all the
records, and they found that Renner's heirs had
not yet received as much as Renner had paid into
the partnership; but the parties then agreed that,
if anything should be received, the balance, after
paying what Renner put in, should be divided
equally among the heirs. Now, the Auditor had
not a particle of the evidence of this fact before
him, and he made his statement upon the facts
which he found contained in the office of the
Third Auditor.
Mr. LETCHER. I have never seen any of
these facts in the papers in the case, and this is
the first time I ever heard anything about an ad-
justment having been made among the parties
themselves. It seems that, when this partnership
was formed, Heath was the entire owner of ail
the real estate put into the partnership; and that,
so far as the capital was concerned, which was
to be employed in the manufacture, &c., it was
to be borrowed, the interest and discount on
which was to be paid by the firm. The money was
borrowed. Now, if Heath was the only man of
property in the concern-—if all the balance of the
capital was to be borrowed—if the discount and
interest were to be paid out of the proceeds of the
concern, how is it that Renner became the heavy
loser? s
Mr. COBB. Mr. Renner was the only partner
who was worth anything. Heath had nothing.
All the property put into the concern was upon
the credit of Mr. Renner, and which he had to
pay as one of the partners of the concern of Ren-
ner and Heath. Heath was a young man, and
Renner was a merchant of Georgetown.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say to the gentle-
man 
Air. COBB. I do not like to be interrupted until
I have made the statement I desire.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to take any
part in this debate, but I regret to ses my col-
league disposed not to yield the floor to other
gentlemen who seem to know something about
the case, because 1 do not want the imputation to
go out that my colleague is disposed to smother
facts. I am satisfied that lie does not want to
suppress them, and that he desires to stand right
before the House.
Mr. COBB. Oh, certainly, and I desire gen-
tlemen shall be heard.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask my friend whether the
articles of copartnership do not state, expressly
and unequivocally, that Heath was the owner of
the rope-walk, and put m that much capital, and
that the $3,000, the interest and discount on which
was to be paid out of the concern, was put m by
Renner as an offset against the real estate ?
Mr. COBB. Well, I was once the holder,
nominally, of $7,000 in a partnership, but not a
dollar was paid out.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no evidence of that
kind i:i this case.
Mr. TODD. I understand the gentleman from
Alabama to say that Heath was worth nothing,
and that he lost nothing by the destruction of the
property. That being so, I would like to know
why he is included in the bill r
Mr. COBB. Because the heirs of both parties,
thinking that injustice nughl be done, agreed that
the amount should be divided. When m 1819
the committee reported upon this case, there was
not a particle of eudence before them as to the
value of the hemp. In 1824 evidence was intro-
duced here by a gentleman, who is still living,
and who was at the time a clerk in the Depart-
ment. This evidence shows conclusively that
the charges made for the twine, &c., were fair
charges; and even went so far as to say, that in
a short time after it was destioyed it would have
been worth even mors than it was then. The
committee assumed, without evidence^ that they
were overcharges; and the claim is predicated on
that reduction, which was palpably wrong*. This
gentleman testified that this claim was just and
right and ought to be paid. As to the overcharge
for the transport of the article, here are three
most respectable merchants of Georgetown, who
prove conclusively that it could not have cost
more than two dollars per ton to carry it off. And
here is the testimony of the officer who impressed
the boats. He says he did take the boats from
them for the purpose of moving General Winder's
army across the Potomac. They thenproceededto
get wagons and carts, by which they could have
removed the twine in ample time to save their
property. The officer testifies that lift impressed
them, too, to remove the archives of the Govern-
ment; and thus it is owing to the efforts of Ren-
ner & Heath that we have to-day the archives of
the Grovernment to refer to. Now here is the
testimony, and let gentlemen examine the facts
for themselves.
This bill simply refers the matter to the account-
ing officer. It must necessarily pass through Mr.
Whittlesey's hands. If he finds anything duehe
is to pay what is due; and if nothing be due, then
the Treasury does not lose a dollar by this bill.
I ask the House whether it is not willing to do
that much for the widow and orphan ? When
the case is doubtful, are they not willing to leave
it to the settlement of the proper officers, when
the whole matter can be closed forever?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the committee
do now rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope my friend from Ohio
will withdraw that motion that I may offer an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will; but if I had known
that so much time would have been wasted, I
would not have voted to go into committee.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer
this amendment; I do not want to debate it. It
is an amendment proposing that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay to the several claimants
residing oil the northern frontier, in the counties
of Erie and Niagara, in the State of New York,
such sums as appear to be due to- them on the
proofs and reports of commissioners now on file
in the Treasury Department of the United States.
These proofs, which have been there since 1815
and 1816, establish, beyond question—ifthis prin-
ciple is to be carried into legislation—that they
arc entitled to their claims.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to inquire whether _
those very commissioners who allowed those
claims on the northern frontier did not reject
this ?
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know as to that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, I know they did.
The commissioners to whom the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] refers, who reported on
these frontier claims, rejected the claim. But!
did not rise to debate the question, but to move
that the committee rise, so as to limit debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question 
Mi. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) I insist on
my motion, that the committee rise.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. Hues's amendment was read, asfollows:
Sec. -2. Aiul be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury audit ami pay out of any
monev in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
several claimants and their legal representatives, for toss of
propyl ty by the enemy upon the northern frontier in tha
counties of Niagara and Erie, in New York,during the war
oi 1S12 with England, the several sums of money appear-
ing to be due them upon the proofs and reports ot commis-
sioners heretofore taken and made, and now on file in the
Treasury Department of the United States.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask that the member from
Ohio will give way to allow me to offer an amend-
ment to this bill >
Mr. GIDDliNGS. My friend will understand
that when we go back into committee he may offer
his amendment in regular order.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Millsojt
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Greenwood reported that the Committee of
the Whole House had had under consideration
House bill (No. 206) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Daniel Renner and
