1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mf
which they were originally designed; but he wont
further:
"So completely have the powers vested in President
Washington hppn exercised in setthngdefinitively the plan,
so far at lea^t as regards that portion of it now under con-
sideration, that, in my opinion, there rests nowhere a power
to alter it. The proprietors of the soil had the right to annex
such conditions and limitations to their grants as they judged
proper. The President, who was the tiustee, has exercised,
so far as regards the present question, his trust. He has
determined the plan. Hehadtheetecutive power todoso.
He has completely expended that power; and it is unalter-
able, not only by his successors, but by Congress itself."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Who is the author of that
opinion ?
Mr. BROWN. Attorney General Brecken-
ridge; and I might show other authorities equally
high to the same effect. I therefore very much
doubt whether, if Congress had passed an act
directly authorizing the location of this building
on the Mall, it would have been—I will not say
illegal, but highly improper; for certainly nobody
else would have the right to do it.
Now, sir, I have discharged what I conceived
to be my duty to the Senate in reference to this
question. I have shown them to what this en-
croachment is to lead if it is permitted to go on.
I have assigned, as briefly as I possibly could, the
reasons why I think this reservation ought to be
preserved. I do not believe we ever had any use
for such a building as this. It was a mere scheme
gotten up to waste money on. I opposed it in the
Committee on the District of Columbia lastyear,
but by hook 01- by crook it got through the Senate
and the other House of Congress. If we are to
put up the building at all, let us not spoil this great
reservation with such a building, but let us put it
where the gentleman who located it originally said
would be a proper place for it, in a central part
of the city, on reservation No. 9, where there is
plenty of ground on which to put a house of the
size required, and where, fortunately for us and
for the whole scheme, there is no room for " taste-
ful extension." I should like to have a-precipice
ail around it when it is built, so that they never
could add anything to it; butif youcommence the
structure with the idea of "tasteful extensions,"
you will have them by-and-by as surely as you
put up the building.
Now, I hope that I have done with this ques-
tion. I wish to say again that, in introducing the
resolution, I had 110 intention of wounding the
sensibilities of anybody. If the President has
felt in the least aggrieved by anything that I have
said about it, I am sorry for it: if the Secretary
of War feels so, I am sorry for it. If I had sup-
posed that they felt any particular interest in the
subject, I should, as a matter of course, have con-
sulted them; but I did not think so; and I had a
right, to come to the conclusion at which I arrived
from all the documents which they themselves
sent here. I say, as an act of couitusy, I should
have consult! d them—not as an act of duty. As a
Senator I owe 110 duty to executive officers. I
would not do anything intentionally to offend
them; but I take occasion to say, that they have
no business to be offended at me for the discharge
of my duty as a Senator on this floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have but
a few words to say on this question. 1 am in
favor of the removal of this building from the
Mall; but I am opposed to putting it on Judiciary
s_quare, or 011 any oilier public square or public
ground in this city. We have not enough squares
and grounds now; we had none too much origin-
ally. We have been putting public buildings on
them one after another, until we have marred and
destroyed the beauty of a large portion of them.
Judiciary square was intended to be one of the
public parks, a most beautiful ornament of the
city. You have a jail upon it; and you have upon
it a school-house—an ungainly and unsightly
building. Then you have put up an hospital on
it; and you are making it now a place so offensive,
that you drive the respectable inhabitants from
the square instead of making it the center of a
beautiful part of the city. I wish to take off all
the buildings, and make it a square, as it was in-
tended to be—a public park, an ornament and a
beauty to the city, and a means of health and
comfort to the citizens.
I have the same opinions in regard to the Mall.
I shall never vote to allow another public building
to go on it; I am sorry that wo have any there
now. Wo allow appropriations to slip through
here for some object or other, simply because we
have the land to put it on. I think it is time for
us to adopt an inflexible rule that we will allow
no building of any kind to mar or occupy one of
these public places intended for parks or squares,
for the beauty and ornament and comfort of the
city.
^ Sir, if we want this armory, let us make a pro-
vision for buying the ground on which to locate
it. You will find in this course a good cheek on
useless buildings, by requiring the officers to buy
the ground. I have no objection, if this building
is deemed to be necessary—though I hardly see
its necessity myself—to vote to buy the ground
for that purpose; but I desire to enter my protest
against occupying any of the public grounds here
with buildings of any description.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, we cannot escape
the expenditure of this appropriation. Itistoolate
now to inquire whether it was politic or proper to
make the appropriation. The matter was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs at the last
session. It was reported upon by a bill, accom-
panied with a long report by them. Their re-
port was adopted by the Senate, and the appro-
priation which they asked was made in the very
terms in which they proposed it; and here are the
report and bill.
Proceeding under that direction of Congress,
a contract has been made; the materials have
been provided; the work has been commenced.
You must pay the amount for which you have
contracted. The question which is now raised
is whether we shall increase that expenditure?
The chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia seems to have some apprehensions
that larger appropriations will be called for, be-
cause there has been exhibited to him by a sub-
ordinate officer a plan for an addition to this
building.
Mr. BROWN. Who always exhibits these
plans? Who exhibited the plan for the dome of
the Capitol ? Was it not exhibited by a subordi-
nate officer?
Mr. YULEE, It depends altogether on the
discretion of Congress whether they will make
any more additions. The Secretary of War has
provided a building adequate to the purposes con-
templated by the law, within the sum contem-
plated by law. If they have adopted a model
which is capable of extension if in the growth of
the Government it may be deemed proper to ex-
tend it, they have only done what is usual with
architects. It is a matter which rests in the dis-
cretion of Congress. The building contractcd
for is a whole, a complete building, adequate to
all its purposes, and within the appropriation.
But how does the Senator propose to remedy
this apprehension of his ? Not by arresting the
construction of the building, but merely transfer-
ing it to another site: with the same contract,
under the same provision, he proposes to transfer
it to another site. There is no remedy in this
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I propose also to provide that
the cost shall not exceed $30,000.
Mr. YULEE. There is already a law providing
for that; and no further contract can be made with-
out an appropriation by Congress; because there
is a goneral law restricting all Secretaries in their
contracts to the amount appropriated by Con-
gress: so that you are perfectly protected on that
point.
But it is altogether a mistake to suppose that
the construction of this building 011 the site
selected will interfere with the beauty and har-
mony of the Mall as a public park, or that it will
interfere even with the adornment of it, which
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia have
under consideration by an appropriation which
they have proposed. _ i
I have here a map of the city, which is open to
the inspection of gentlemen. It will be found that
the site selected is in one corner of the Mall, not
at all obstructing the view from the Capitol. It
is on a small portion of the Mall, which is cut up
at present by the canal, and a great portion of
which is used for wood-yards, and entirely unap-
propriated to any other purpose. Such a one as
this will make it useful, and probably lead to an
adornment and preservation which otherwise
would not, perhaps, be obtained for the next fifty
years. It is not 011 any portion of the main body
of the Mall. It is in a small corner, remote, out
.of view, upon a block which is already cut up in
several directions by the canal, deformed, and
worthless, and a great portion of w;hieh is used
as a wood-yard.
Now, the question with me, and it is for the
Senate to decide, is whether we shall locate the
building peremptorily; whether we shall unmake
a contract which has been made by the Depart-
ment, and thus become responsible for damages
which will have accrued to the party; whether
we shall compel thetransfer to be made to another
location, which will involve the necessity of a
much larger appropriation, not only to prepare
the grounds, but also to erect a building of the
same capacity which is proposed to be construct-
ed on this ground; and whether, in doing so, we
shall locate it where it will necessarily interfere
with the convenience of the courts, for whose use
Judiciary square was originally intended to be
reserved, and with the Infirmary, the occupants
of which must necessarily be incommoded by the
discharge of fire-arms and the rolling of drums,
inseparable from the congregation and assembling
of military men. It may be that Dr. May thinks
that it will not inconvenience them, but other
physicians think otherwise. It may be that a
lawyer told the Senator from Mississippi that he
thinks it a very good location; but I know I have
been told by a judge, that it would be a very in-
convenient location to them, and very likely to
interfere with the progress of business in the
courts. We know how often we have been inter-
rupted here by men marching across the reserva-
tion of the Capitol grounds, so that it was impos-
sible to hear our own voices; and we were obliged,
on one or two occasions, to suspend proceedings;
and, at another time, to direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to go out and prevent the band of the com-
pany from marching through these grounds.
I am, myself, opposed to extending the work.
The contract has been made, and I think we are
obliged to go on with it; but the effect of this
resolution will be to impose on us a much larger
expenditure probably than was originally advisa-
ble to be made at all for this purpose.
I think that, if Senators will examine the
map, they will see that the location selected is
probably the only one approaching a central po-
sition which the President could have selected on
the public grounds; for it will be recollected the
law required him tosclcct from the public grounds.
He was obliged to do it; and although the Sena-
tor says that, by the decision of the Attorney
General, it was incompetent for Congress or the
Executive to apply these public grounds to other
purposes than those named in the original reser-
vation, the same objection applies to the location
to which he proposes to transfer the building. If
the Mall is made sacred to the purposes of its
original appropriation so that you cannot erect
this building upon it, so is Judiciary square, and
you cannot erect it there. Then, if the argument
of the Senator be good, we are restricted from
proceeding at all, and the obligation arisesto pur-
chase land on which to locate this site. We must,
therefore, reseind the contract; we must pay the
damages; we must make an appropriation to pur-
chase land elsewhere.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, if this were
an original question, iny action upon it would be
different perhaps from what it will be now. A
past Congress has appropriated the money, has
authorized the contract to be made, and has di-
rected the President, to fix the site. The site has
been fixed in precise conformity to law, and a
contract has been made by which the Govern-
I ment is bound to pay this money as stipulated
by its terms upon the other party performing or
being ready to perform his part. Now, sir, the
resolution which has been adopted by the Senate,
if it should be concurred in by the House, will
entitle the contracting party to the whole sum
stipulated without doing anything on his part,
because he is ready and willing on his part to
perform; and if we refuse to permit him to per-
form by changing the site, he becomes equally
entitled to the whole consideration without doing
another act. I am not willing to place the Gov-
ernment in that position. I do not indeed see
that the location of this building in the place
which has been designated will be attended b,y
the objections which have been stated. An in-
spection of the map shows the reverse. The fact
that there will be military displays on, the public
grounds will not be a desecration of- them. It
