1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Mr. Clerk, I do not
desire to address the House at any length. All
the points to which I would like to attract general
attention could notbefairlysetforthunderthcten-
minute rule. I have sought the floor now for the
purpose simply of explainingwhy I have not and
cannot act with my colleague, [Mr. Kf.nnett,]
who has so kindly made allusion to my position.
To explain why I have acted as I have in voting
for the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] would require, I repeat, longer than the time
allotted to each member under the order of the
House. I shall seek some other opportunity to
set myself fairly and fully before the House—I
will not say, in fashionable phrase, and before
the country, for perhaps the country would take
no note of what 1 do—but before the House and
the people of my district.
I desire to state at this time, and in the present
connection, in order that what I may remark may
go out with the observation^ of my colleague and
friend—and I am proud to call him such—the
reasons why I have not, do not, and never will,
vote for the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Henry M. Fuller.] I could not
vote for Mr. Fuller—and I believe that we are
allowed to call members by their proper names
before the organization—because, while a mem-
ber of the last Congress, I knew and now remem-
ber that, throughout the Kansas-Nebraska fight,
in every stage of that trying contest, his prede-.
cessor, the Hon. ITendrick B. Wright, stood fast
by us—was one of us; and, sir, before I had cast
a vote I found that the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] had come here
as his successor from a Democratic district, and
because of his triumph over Mr. Wright in con-
sequence of his vote on the Kansas-Nebraska bill
at the last session. I could not vote for him,
then, on the first vote. When the first vote was
taking I watched its progress, because many of
the gentlemen with whom I was previously asso-
ciated were disposed to vote for Mr. Fuller. In
that very first vote, when we were casting our
votes for the purpose of making up a record, and
when he had the entire House from which to
select, I saw that gentleman throw his suffrage
for Mr. Pennington, of New Jersey. I remem-
bered then, that at the last Congress Mr. Pen-
vington had voted to suspend the rules with a
view of affording Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts,
an opportunity to introduce a bill to repeal the
fugitive slave law.
w hen Mr. Fuller could take a northern or a
southern man; when he could select a conserva-
tive man for whom to cast his vote, 1 saw him
vote for a man who hod been m favor of allowing
the privilege to introduce a bill to repeal the fugi-
tive slave law. I could not vote for him. Mr.
Pennington, on that vote, voted for Mr. Camp-
bell, of Ohio, a gentleman, by-the-by, for whom
I entertain, as he knows, the most profound re-
spect personally, but whom I regard as the em-
bodiment of northern sentiment on the slavery
question. Another vote was had. Mr. Fuller
voted for Mr. Pennington, and Mr. Pennington,
on thp third vote, voted for Mr. Banks, of Mas-
sachusetts, who is not only the embodiment of
Free-Soil Democracy, but, it seems, also of north-
ern Americanism and of ultra northern Republi-
canism. Mr. Pennington voted for Mr. Banks
upon that ballot, and Mr. Fuller voted for Mr.
Pennington after he had voted ftr Mr. Banks;
and for sixteen times. I sat in my scot and saiv
Mr. Fuller, after Mr. Penningt'on had voted
for Mr. Campbell and Mr. Ba>;ks, cast his vote
sixteen times for Mr. Pknningtosj. Could T, sir,
as true to the principles of the Nebraska bill, upon
which I was elected; as true to the State to which
I owe allegiance; as true to the constituents who
sent me here upon that Nebraska issue—could I
vote for a man with such a record as that?
But it is said that Mr. Fuller hasmade decla-
rations here that entitled him to all respect and
to southern votes. Sir. Mr. Fuller did make
declarations here, and in the course of those elo-
quent declarations he announced some doctrines
in which I heartily concur; and when I state that
I return to him, for the announcement of those
doctrines, my sincere thanks, I do not do it in
any idle spirit of compliment. I do it because I
appreciate the high motives of the distinguished
gentleman, and I return him those thMlks in the
same good faith in which I assail those things in
his course of which I disapprove. Well, sir,
Mr. Fuller, in the course of the explanations
which he thought proper to make, was asked by
Mr. Sace, of New York, whether, if it were pos-
sible that that part of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
which repealed the Missouri compromise should
be itself repealed, he would be ill favor of it? I
do not pretend to give the precise language in
which the question was couched, for I have been
called into this discussion unexpectedly, but I
give the substance of it. What was his reply to
that question ? I call upon southern gentlemen—
and, as 1 have been thus incidentally arraigned
by one of my colleagues, I cdll upon him—-to no-
tice what that answer was. Was it that he stands
upon the same principle that we do? Was it that
he believed that the principle of non-intervention,
as established by the Nebraska-Kansas bill, was
true and just? Was that the reply he gave to the
gentleman from New York' Not one word if
it! I heard it and I marked it well^and uponm
rests my eternal opposition to his election as
Speaker. He replied that he was in favor of the
restoration of the Missouri restriction; that if he
had been in the last Congress, he would hive been
opposed to the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and that he
was m favor of restoring the Missouri restriction,
if it could be done; but as it could not be done,
as a practical statesman, he was against all agita-
tion. This may suit other gentlemen; itdoesnot
suit me. I want a man who cooperates with me
to stand upon -some principle upon which I can
meet him.
The principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill are
right, or they are wrong. If they arc ri-_r]i t, those
of us who sustained that bill acted rightly. If
they are wrong, we acted wrongly. If it was
right to repeal the Missouri compromise, then
that repeal should stand. If it was wrong,he is
a coward who declares it wrong and does not de-
clare for restoring it. [Loud applause on the
floor.]
Mr. COX, (interrupting.) Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question. [Loud cries of
"Oh, no."J The gentleman has stated the rea-
sons why he cannot cooperate with those who
are voting for Mr. Fuller. I would like him to
tell me if there is no gentleman in the House who
has heretofore agreed with htm in "sentiment as
a Whig, for whom he could have voted for Speak-
er? and why it was that when my colleague from
the Louisville district, (Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shall,] who is not obnoxious to the charges he
brings against Mr. Fuller, was voted for by the
American party, he would not support him or
some other ^enllemnn of the American party?
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman from Missouri that his time has
expired.
[Loud and general cries of "Go on!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman can proceed if
no objection be made.
No objection was made.
Mr. CARUTHERS, (resuming.) Well, sir,
I might make several answers to the gentleman
from Kentucky, who comes in sideways. [A
laugh.] In the first place, I might say that his
question has no relation whatever to the line of
argument I was on when he interrupted me; but
my respect and my unfeigned kindly feeling
towards that gentleman induce me to answer
him in a different way. He asks me if there is
no Whig in all this House for whom I might
have voted, instead of for Richardson. I under-
stand him to arraign me for that vote. Sir, I
will defend that vote 
Mr. COX, (interrupting.) No, sir; you mis-
understood me.
. Mr. CARUTHERS. The gentleman asks me
if there is no Whig for whom I might have
voted. I tell him there is no Whig—none, sir.
Mr. Humphrey Marshall, who was fust voted
for by the "South Americans," as they have
been called, is no "Whig. Do you tell me that a
Know Nothing is a Whig? [Loud laughter, and
much applause on the floor and m the galleries.]
Why, sir, (turning to Mr. Cox,) the Philadel-
phia convention of last year, in their platform,
which you have been swearing by ever since
you have been a member of this Congress, de-
clared that both the old parties—the Democratic
and the Y/hig—were so corrupt that such pure
gentlemen as they were could not act with them;
and yet you,arraign me as a Whig for riot having,
voted for Humphrey Marshall,,of Ke'ntuc^yX'.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I did not arraign
all. •
Mr. CARUTHERS. Well, I understood you
to say so, but I will take back the word " ar-
raign.53 . - - , £.
Mr. COX. My remarks were not intended tS,
arraign the gentleman's motives. I have no doubt
in the world that a gentleman who is able to di§-
cov* the front doors and the side doors by which'
gentlemen enter to ask a civil and respectful ques-
tion here, will always so conduct himself as to
have no difficulty upon the subjcct of arraign-
ments before his country.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Does the gentleman want
to make a speech, or to ask a question?
Mr. COX. I want to make a suggestion. You
have plenty of time. The House has given you
leave to go on.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Yes, and I thank the
House for that.
Mr. COX. The gentleman says that there is
no Whig upon this floor for whom he could vote,
that that party is broken up, a d that I have said
so.
Mr. CARUTHERS. No, sir.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman to say
that I had sworn that it was broken up, and that
I could not cooperate with it. I will not go into
a discussion of that subject; but I will ask the
gentleman where the Whig party is? He pro-
fesses to be a Whig, and yet is acting with the
Democratic party, on the declaration that the
Democratic party must succeed, or the country
will go to ruin. That is the meaning of it; and
he, professing to be a Whig, seems to be casting
a reflection upon me, because I professed there
was no Whig party.
M r. CARUTHERS. Not at all.
Mr. COX. 1 should like to know where the
Whig party is. I want the gentleman to come
to the point, and tell me where it is. My friend
from Missouri lias been a Whig all the time, and
I want him to tell me, as he can, where the Whig
party is in this House.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I was very unfortunate
in my remarks, if I may judge of it by the man-
ner in -ufltich the gentleman from Kentucky un-
derstood me. He asks me why it was that I,
elected as a Whig, had voted for a Democratic
candidate for Speaker upon the first ballot? In
that connection, I understood him to ask me why
I had not voted for his distinguished colleague.
I reply to him that I could bounder no obligation
as a Whig to vote for his distinguished colleague,
for he indorsed a platform which expressly re-
pudiated not only the Democratic party, but the
Whig party. I could be under no obligation to
vote for him. as this American party was founded
upon the ruin of both the others. The idea of
the language, which I have not before me, is, that
the party is established upon the corruption of
both. [Laughter.] I am corrected, Mr. Clerk,
by some gentleman near me. I am informed
that the language is, that the American party
was established upon the ruin of both the other
parties, and both were ruined by their corrup-
tions. [Laughter.]
Now to the question of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Cox.] He asks me how I, pro-
fessing to be a Whig, could do so and so. There
he touches me. I have been a Whig from my
boyhood; and I tell that gentleman that when I
first became anaspirantfor political station in the
district which I have the honor to represent, that
district was Democratic by four thousand major-
ity; and I tell him, as my people well know, that
in all the contests in my uistnet, I never abated
one particle of my Whig devotion; and I never
went into the political field to engage in a fight,
but what I carried the Whig banner openly, and
proclaimed my love for its principles. I came
here, then, as a Whig.
The gentleman asks me where the Whig party
is. I might tell him there was one Pythagoras,
who entertained the doctrine of the transmigra-
tion of souls, and that when the Whig party died,
the soul of that party went into the present Dem-
ocratic party. [Great laughter.] I saw during
the last summer a great field of fight opened;
and we were calm lookers on. I looked over the
whole field of fight for a Whig banner. I looked
