908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
will be only what is usual and what is not incon-
venient in such cases.
Again, the removal of this building to Judiciary
square, whatever opinion may be expressed by
others, I know, from my own familiarity with
courts of justice, would be exceedingly inconve-
nient to the courts which sit in the City Hall. It
is impossible that it could be otherwise. I should
suppose that it would be inconvenient to a hos-
pital, but it may not be so. The ground on
which I shall vote for the reconsideration is, that
in this manner to interfere is simply to authorize
the contractor to demand money from us without
our receiving any consideration for it. I prefer
to reconsider, and refer the subject either to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, or to the
Committee on Military Affairs, from which it
originated in the last Congress, in order that
some arrangement may be made on the subject,
and that it may be disposed of in some other than
in this summary manner.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that the
argument of the Senator from Mississippi is
against the resolution which he has introduced.
I will ask for the reading of the joint resolution
which he proposes to have passed.
The Secretary read the resolution:
Whereas by mi act parsed March 3, 18."."), the Secretary
of War was directed to ran.-,p. a suitable building to bo con-
structed in the cttv ol' Wa^limrjton, tor th" pieservation of
the ordnance, arms, and accoutrements of the United
States requited lor the use ot the vohmteeis and mihtia ol'
the Distuct of Columbia, and for the care and pieservation
of the trophies of the Revolution and other wais; and
wheieas the hite of the smd building Im.s been located on
the Mall in the city of Washington : Thce'bre
Resolved, That the location of the building afotesaid
be, changed tioni the Mall to such Mte on the Judiciary
square, in the city of Washington, as the iVe^uent or
Secretary of War may select; and that the building be so
constructed as that the whole cost sshall not exceed the
appropriation already made.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Connec-
ticut [Mr.ToucEY] has said much that I intended
to say if 1 had obtained the floor before him;and
I shall therefore now occupy the Senate for but
a few moments, 1 think there must have been
some misapprehension on the part of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; and it is my
impression that if the honorable Senator from
Mississippi had before him the communication
which was sent tons yesterday by the President,
and which has been Inid on our tables this morn-
ing, he would not have introduced the resolution
in its present form. Much of Ins argument is
based on the pielimmary offeis and letters before
the contract was made. We had not that con-
tract before us-, and the honorable Senator from
Mississippi had it not before him when the res-
olution was introduced. We have a strong ar-
gument from him, ond there is much force m it,
against the propriety of occupying the public
reservations in the city of Washington. But
how does he propose to remedy the exil? By
removing the building from one public reservation
to another? Is that the proper way to preserve
the public squares m this city? 'Again, is this
removal a proper one ? Ought you to remove this
building from the Mail, where it is now being con-
structed, to the heart of the city > Do we" want
it in the heart of the city ?
Mr. BROWN. That is where ws want it.
The original act said that it should be in a cen-
tral position.
Mr. BRODHEAD. But it did not say that it
should be m the heart of the city. It provided
that it should be as nearly central as convenient.
What was the great end in passing the bill origin-
ally ? It was not to accommodate the militia and
the volunteers of the District of Columbia, but
to preserve the trophies of the Revolution, and of
our subsequent wars. Wliereare thevnow, sir?
They are scattered all over the country. Some
of them are to be found in the Y/ar Department,
and others in various places. I would agree to
appropriate double the amount of the original
appropriation in this case for the purpose of pre-
serving them and keeping them together.
I admit that it is improper, impolitic, unwise,
and contrary to the original plan of the city, to
occupy the public squares with any more build-
ings; but if we are to remove this building at all,
it must be by a provision making an appropria-
tion to pay damages to the contractors, as the
Senator from Connecticut has well observed.
This resolution proposes to rescind a contract
entered into solemnly by the officers of the Gov-
ernment, under our own direction.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask my friend
how much damage a contractor can suffer by
building the same house on one lot, instead of
another.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is a very consid-
erable difference. The cost of transporting the
heavy material from the canal up to this place, is
one item.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to my friend that^ I
think, by actual measurement, the difference in
distance of the two locations would be about one
hundred and fifty yards.
Mr. BRODHEAD. But he is not bound to
put it there. It takes two to make a contract.
You cannot order this man to proceed and put up
the building on another site. This resolution
seems to contemplate that the building shall be
put on Judiciary square, under the contract which
now exists. That cannot be done. My friend
from Mississippi will not assert for a moment
that it can be. It could be done only by the con-
sent of the contractors. We have not that con-
sent. I am quite willing to repeal the law entirely;
but I am, at the same time, in favor of inserting
a provision in the resolution repealing the law,
referring the question of damages to the account-
ing officers.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think that if
there is any one thing in regard to which our
predecessors have made mistakes, it is in the
manner in which they have trecited the public
grounds and reservations in this city. It was
unfortunate that our predecessors sold off so
much of the reservation on which this Capitol
stands. Again, we have one east of the Capitol
that is horribly disfigured with something, which
I was told when I first came to the city, was a
representation of Washington.
Then, the Smithsonian Institution, I think,
mars and disfigures what ought to be a beautiful
mall. Nor do I think that the fame of Wash-
ing ion and tin' veneration and affection entertained
for him in the hearts of the people, can make
the Washington monument on the Mall, where
it now stands, anything but a nuisance. Then,
there is a little piece of the Mall between the
Capitol and the Smithsonian Institution, which, I
understand, under the direction of the Committee
on the Library, has been devoted to the purpose
of a botanical garden. In making a botanical
gat den they have erected a lot of buddings, which
induccd strangers who visited the city during the
tune when the '"hen fever" was raging in the
country, to suppose that Congress had gone into
that, and that these were coops erected there for
prosecuting that business. [Laughter.] 1 think
they very greatly mar and disfigure the public
grounds; and I hope they will be removed.
Sir, I trust that we have had experiments
enough on our public grounds in this city, and
that we shall not now build an armory on the
Mall. I wish what little there is left of the pub-
lic icservations, not already marred by hideous
structures and unsightly objects, to be preserved.
If this armory must be built, let it be erected
somewhere else, and not on the only reservation
which we have got.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
some days since read us a lccture on economy.
I think this would be a good time to practice a
little of it. He soys he is willing to give twice
as much as the sum which was originally appro-
priated for this object, or even more, to construct
a suitable building to preserve the trophies which
we have gotten in our wars. Why, sir, what
are you to do with this Capitol? After the new
wings shall be built there will certainly be room
enough here to stow away our trophies without
being compelled to erect this building on the pub-
lic grounds for that purpose.
It is rarely that 1 have heard a speech with
which I coincided so entirely and totally as the
speech which fell to-day from the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] Now, I
hope that when we have such sage counsels from
the chairman of the committee who has the Dis-
trict of Columbia under his charge, we shall
follow him and take his advice. When this Cap-
itol shall be completed, we shall be under the
necessity of buying, at a very large expense, por-
tions of land which we once gave away, and
which ought to be a part, and must be a part, of
the grounds attached to the Capitol. When these
wings are completed you will have to buy, at an
enormous expense, land which we gave away for
a song, or less than a song. Now, when we have
seen what has been the result of our dealing with
the public grounds here, I trust that Congress
will stay its hand and not build an armory on this
ground, which was intended to be a public reser-
vation forever. If an armory is wanted, let it
be put somewhere else than on that spot, which
was intended for a public garden and for a public
place of resort. That was intended to be a place
for the display of the beauties and riches of na-
ture, and not for the exhibitions of war. I wish
to see no plumes waving there but those of Nature
and her flowers. I trust that what was intended
to be an ornamental, public reservation, will not
be disfigured by anything of this sort.
I have not a word to say against the militia of
the District. I hope they will have all the accom-
modations which they need; but I ask Senators if
they are willing to see these public gardens and
grounds, which we have been preserving and orna-
menting at great expense, made a place for the
rendezvous of militia trainings ? I trust not; but
such will be the result if you do not prohibit the
erection of the building on this site.
Compared with the use for which these grounds
were intended, the question of whatever little
damages we shall have to pay the contractors,
does not deserve to be taken into consideration.
I would rather pay them the whole $30,000 than
have them erect their structure on the ground
from which this resolution proposes to remove it.
I do not wish it to be there, and I would rather it
were anywhere else than there. For this reason
I shall vote against the reconsideration.
Judiciary square is already occupied. The City
Hall is there, and the Infirmary .-or Hospital is
there. The chairman of the committee says it is a
convenient placc on which to put this structure;
and everybody who has been m the city for any
length of time knows that the City Hall, which
stands on Judiciary square, is the general place
for the rendezvous of the military companies of
the District. Whenever I have heard the drums
beating calling the companies together, I think I
have generally seen the gallant colonel of the vol-
unteer militia of the District parading with his
forces before the City Hall. They go there now
when there is no armory, and they will probably
go there when there is an armory. They will not
go back to the rear of the City Hall to disturb the
inmates of the hospital, but will probably use the
square which they use now. On every consid-
ation I hope wc shall leave what little we have left
of what was intended to be an ornamental public
ground for the city.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, when this joint
resolution was first presented to the Senate I took
occasion to submit some remarks which have
been construed as reflecting on the conduct of the
honorable Secretary of War, and, perhaps, on
the President also. I understood my colleague
then to say, as I understand him to assert to-
day, that his report and remarks had reference
to the action of the superintendent of the build-
ing, and not of the Secretary of War. Assur-
edly I can say, that my remarks then had no
reference to the action of the Secretary of War.
Sir, I know that officer; I know his fidelity to
the law, and his strictness of construction in the
exercise of power conferred on him. This much
I have thought it necessary to say, as due to the
relations which have always subsisted between
that officer and myself, as personal friends.
In reference to the question now before the
Senate, the reconsideration of this resolution, I
shall vote for the reconsideration, not with a view
of consummating the right of erecting the build-
ing in the location which has been selected; but
with another and different view. If the motion
to reconsider shall succeed, I shall move to re-
commit the resolution to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, with instructions to report
a provision for the repeal of the original law, and
for the payment of whatever damages may have
accrued to the contractors for any loss which
they may have sustained. I agree with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, that if it should take
every dollar of the amount agreed to be given, I
would vote for it in a moment.
It is stated by my colleague, and not contro-
verted by any Senator who differs from him on
