%8m.
THE CONGRESSI'ONAIj GLOBE.
which I occupy. I will throw no obstacle in the
way of a national organization.
Mr. PORTER (when his name was called)
said: Before recording my vote I have a few re-
marks to make. I have been "contented hereto-
fore to remain a silent member of this body. I
have had no personal explanations to make, no
remarks to offer ill reference to any matter per-
sonal to myself. But, sir, allusion having been
made to me in the course of this incidental dis-
cussion, that has sprung up during our present
sitting, it may have become necessary that I
should make a few remarks for the purpose of
defining my position, or rather for the purpose
of presenting some reasons why I shall continue
to vote as I have heretofore voted for my distin-
guished friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler.]
My acquaintance with that distinguished gen-
tleman originated during the Thirty-Sccond Con-
gress, of which I had the honor to be a member
with him. I found him at that time cooperating
with me as a member of the great patriotic Whig
.party, of which my colleague who last addressed
the House [Mr. Cardthers] was a member,
and with which I have acted from my boyhood
down to the present time. I say I found the
gentleman from Pennsylvania then a Whig mem-
ber from the Keystone State—a Fillmore Whig,
cooperating with mo in supporting the meas-
ures of Fillmore's administration—a conservative
Whig, standing by the compromise measures of
1850, in their length and in their breadth. And,
sir, if he has changed his opinions upon that sub-
ject—if lie has departed from that great and glo-
rious faith—from those principles which we then
supported in common—I have not learned the
fact.
When I mot him again, I recognized him as
standing upon the compromise measures of 1850
—those measures adopted under the lead and sup-
ported by the eloquence of the immortal states-
man of Kentucky, to whom my worthy colleague
[Mr. Caruthers] has so eloquently referred.
Elected here, sir, as a Whig, professing the prin-
ciples of the Whig party, 1 felt called upon, in
my choice for Speaker, to vote as nearly as I
could in accordance with the principles of that
party; and in casting about me to ascertain for
whom I should vote—to see who would come the
nearest in his position to the principles which I
professed—1 recognized the distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shal!.,] and the distinguished gentleman for
whom l have been voting for file last, eighty or
ninety votes for Speaker, as the friends and sup-
porters of Whigprmeiples and measures. I found
them in the Thirty-Second Congress, standing
upon the true national platform so far as the com-
promise measures of 185U were concerned, con-
tending for those measures as " a final settlement,
in principle and substance," of the slavery ques-
tion in the States and Territories, as well as for
internal improvements and the other wise and
conservative measures of which the Whig party
were the advocates. Under these circumstances,
I felt myself justified in casting my votes for these
gentlemen, and I did so cheerfully. But it has
been intimated, that perhaps the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania may not occupy a
sound position upon the important question on
which the good people of my State and my dis-
trict feel so deep an interest—the slavery ques-
tion.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I care not what position that
gentleman, or any gentleman here, may have oc-
cupied during the last Congress in regard to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise as a part and
parcel of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. It is well
known to the country that a great many most
distinguished and patriotic statesmen, belonging
to both the great parties of the country—the
Whig and the Democratic party—believed that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise was an
injudicious measure; that it was not demanded
by public opinion, as uttered through the public
press, by the Legislative Assemblies m any of
the States, or by the people in their primary as-
emblies, or otherwise; that it was calculated to
violate an important principle of both the two
great parties, as declared by their platforms laid
down at their. Baltimore conventions of 1852,
which was, that the slavery agitation should be
finally settled by the compromise measures of
1850, and that it should not be reopen,ad there-
after in Congress or out of it,, under 0iu pretense
whatever. Sir, they were opposed to the repeal
of the eighth section of the " Missouri compro-
mise act," which was made part and parcel of
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, passed during the
last Congress.
A bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska,
modeled after the Utah and New Mexico bills of
1850, was introduced, during the Thirty-Second
Congress, by my then colleague from the St.
Joseph district, [Mr. Hall,] passed this body,
and received here and in the Senate the sanction
and supportof the entire delegation from Missouri.
I repeat, that the opinion that the unexpected and
uncalled-for effort to repeal the "Missouri com-
promise" would revive the slavery agitation with
renewed fierceness, which I honestly entertained
and frankly expressed, was held and expressed
by many distinguished national statesmen of both
the great parties, among them the distinguished
Senator fiom Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It will be
seun, by referring to the speech made by lai
during the pendency of the Kansas and NebraMva
controversy, that he expressed his deep regret
that any motion should have been made to repeal
the Missouri compromise act, saying that at the
time that it was passed, it gave peace and quiet
to the country; and that all useful and beneficial
objects could have been accomplished without its
repeal. 1 will refer to that speech, for I well re-
member it. lie uses this language:
ec Mr. Piesident, T have not withheld the expiesMon of
my regret elsewhere, nor shall 1 withhold it boic, that tins
question of repeal of the Mi-wmii compjomise, which
open* all the d! -.pined point* connected with the pubject of
congressional action upon ivciy in fh.s Tomtoms of the
United State!1!, ha- b-en b: ou^it before iuj. 1 do not think
the piactieul advantages to ic-nlt tiom the nn-a^me will
outweigh the nijiny winch tin ill-feeling laird to.u < oiupanv
the di^eusjHOH of this subject tinoneh the conntiy, is sure
to product;. And T was confirmed m this* impie^-ion iiom
wiuu was sud by the tSenatoi liomTenne^ee, [Mi. Jom>,j
1>v the Seiiutoiri fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] aiul riom
North Oaionna, [Mr. Bad^-'r,] and al.;o bv the remarks
which fell fiom the Senator fiom Vicuna, [Mr. Hunter,]
and in which 1 fully couein, th.it the South will nevei le-
ceive any benefit fiom tins inea.-uie, so iar as iexpect* the
c^tcm-ion of slavery; for legislate as \vn nh,v, no human
power can e«4abh',h it mi fhe iv<j;ons defm"d by these bills.
And such wete tin* .--entirncnt'S of two eminent paiuots to
whose e coition? we .tie <:ieatly md/nted lor the sati-factory
teijmna'ion of the tUliiculties of 1850, and who have since
pat, icd from then labors, and f tiii't to their reward. Tims
beh^virisr, I should have been better content had the whole
subject Jjeen left as it was by the bill when fii^t intiodueed
by the Scnatoi iiom flhuois, without any provision legaid-
in^ the Mi^oun coujpiomw. I am avvate that it vv:is re-
ported thatl in tended fopiopo-se the repeal of that mom ure}
but if was an error. My intention* were wholly im^undei -
stood, f had no design whatever to take such a ^tep, and
thus resu^eiiate a deed of eoncdiat'on winch hud done its
work, and done it \\>11, and which wa.< hallowed by patnot-
mii, In nueces, find by its asocial ion With {frcat names
now tiansifned to hi tu*y. it belonged to a pa--t yeivi.i-
tion; and in the nnd-toi'a political iempe-.t which appalled
the wimM and fiimentm the land, it, iiad said to the wa\ea
ofmritation, Pcca o. be shU, and they bccame rf ill. It would
have been better in mv opb'ion not to di.-tiiib its slumber,
all useful and piactieal object^ could have been attained
without it. Hut the question is hoie w.thout my agency."
Jiehtcrcil February 530, !8')4.
When I saw it, though I differed from that
distinguished gentleman on many questions of
public policy, I yielded my hearty absent to the
views which he expressed, and, in the canvass
which resulted in my election, declared them to
be sentiments worthy of a patriot and a states-
man, I was for standing by the compromise of
1850 as a "final settlement" of the slavery ques-
tion, and opposed to taking any step that would,
in its nature and consequences, have the effect of
reviving the slavery agitation. It whs predicted
that the repeal of the Missouri compromise would
have the etlect of reopening the slavery agitation,
as such procedure was in violation of the plat-
form of the Whig party, to which I belong, and
of the Democratic party, and was entftviy un-
necessary for any practical or useful end what-
ever.
The CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired. [Cries of " Go on!"] if there is no
objection, the gentleman will proceed with his
remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Clerk, I was decided in
the expression of my opinion on the subject at
the time the first movement was made in the
Senate of the United States, during the pendency
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. X believe that
Judge Douglas took the true ground in his first
report. It was that of opposition to introducing
any new principle in.?egard,to territorial,
ization, and a firm- adherence*,.to the principle
established by the compromise mensures o£
I believe the principles report are
but that the departure from tRose principles?, jay
the feature which sought to, intermeddle, wi^h m.
meat at the South; that it was unexpected by
the people everywhere, and calculated, mils very'
nature and inevitable tendency, to reopen,, tiae
slavery agitation, and do a thousand-fold IQ9JT&
mischief than the repeal of the restriction would
do good to any section, North or South.
But that bill was introduced and passed by
the Senate, with the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise in it. It came to this body. If I recol-
lect right, the opportunity of making any amend-
ments to the bill was virtually denied by the
parliamentary tactics resorted to in the House.
If I had been a member, and had had the oppor-
tunity, I would have proposed the amendment of
the bill, so as to make its provisions conform to
the Utah and New Mcxico acts—as it did when
first reported m the Senate—so that it would
have been silent on the question of the existence
or non-existence of slavery therein bylaw; leav-
ing, to use the language of the President's last
message " the dormant letter of the statute" as
it was left by our fathers of 1830, among whom
was the illustrious and lamented Clay, whom my
eloquent colleague [Mr. Caruthers] so properly
characterizes as the great champion of the Whig
party. If I hud failed to have the provisions of
the bill conform to those of the Utah and New
Mexico bill, I would have voted, as my colleagues
now hero did, for the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
notwithstanding what I regarded to be an inex-
pedient and objectionable feature in it; because
as a western man, interested in the prosperity of
the great "West and of our common country, I
felt that the speedy organization of those Terri-
tories, lying on oui western holders, was a matter
oi strict justice to Missouri; was a matter which
was calculated to confer immense benefits and ad-
vantages not only on Missouri, Arkansas, and
Iowa, and the entire tier of western States, but
on the entire Union—especially in view of the
fact that it had a direct and necessary connection
with the success *of a great national measure,
the 4< Central Pacific railroad," then projected,
and which was an important question then ex-
citing the attention of our ablest statesmen, of
the Anwricun people, and of the Government of
the United States.
On the same principle that I opposed the re-
opening of the slavery agitation, which unhappily
took pl.ice on the passage of the Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill from the cause above adverted to, some of
the bitter fruits of which we are at tlus time tast-
ing, [ would now oppose any attempt to amend,
or modify, or change the Kansas and Nebraska
act. I am opposed to slavery agitation. I believe
it to be the greatest and most portentous evil of our
Republic. I believe it to be one of the most fruit-
ful sources of mischief to our common country,
and of danger to our glorious Union. I am there-
fore opposed, as is my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] to any attempt to
modify or change that bill, and thus revive, as
might be the case, and increase, to an indefinite
extent, the agitation of the slavery question. In
the sentiments expressed by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] I
fully and cordially concur, to the extent of oppo-
sition to slavery agitation; and, like him, I would
vote against the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise restriction.
That is the position of the gentleman from Penn
sylvania, as he publicly and solemnly avows
it. While originally opposed in good faith to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise restric-
tion, like the distinguished Senator I have quoted,
and many other bold and true and conservative
statesmen, whose speeches I could quote if time
allowed,—like them, he is opposed to any attempt
to reinstate that compromise. Let the legislation
of 3654 stand, as the legislation of 1820 and 1850
ought to have stood, for weal or for woe. Let
the bitter sectional strife which now rages in
our country, and manifests itself in the halls of
legislation, to the impediment of the public busi-
ness and the reproach of our free institutions, be
allayed. Let peace once more be restored to our
