1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSt!.
34th Con€. v.1st Sess.
■Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Valk.
Ho. of Reps.
board could be justified, according to the princi-
ples which govern men of honor hi the Navy, in
seeking personal satisfaction from one who has
been thus removed from the service. The mere at-
tempt to do it would injure him in the estimation
of all officers of his own rank, and be most dis-
astrous in its consequences to the naval service.
Such is the position of the officers of this naval
board. If they are to be tried and condemned by
the Senate fortheir honest obedience "to the orders
of the Navy Department, if they are to receive no
protection here for the faithful discharge of their
duties agreeably to the instructions of the Secre-
tary in the execution of our own law, their con-
dition is rendered intolerable and desperate; and
I repeat, that after establishing such a precedent
as would result from condemning them, we could
never expect any honorable man to serve on a
board of inquiry.
As to Captain l)u Pont,I have made these ex-
planations without the slightest knowledge on
his part that it was my intention to address the
Senate to-day on this subject. I want no higher
evidence to sustain him than the eulogistic testi-
monial of Commodore William Branford Shu-
brick, then the commander in the Pacific, whose
eminent services during the war with Mexico
were attended -with such signal success, and
whose bravery was illustrated by his participa-
tion in one of the most brilliant naval victories
during the last war with GreatBritain. " Thean-
nals of war," he says, " can furnish no instances
of greater eoolness or more indomitable perse-
verance, of more conspicuous bravery and of
sounder judgment" than Du Pont has exhibited.
No man is more beloved or honored by his
brother officers in the Navy, or more respected
as an accomplished officer, sailor, and gentleman.
No man living stands in higher repute wherever
he is known.
Captain Du Pont, as I have stated, has spent
twenty years of his naval life at seaf'but his
professional usefulness has not been confined to
that element alone. On shore he has been em-
ployed in the most important public duties, and
especially in such as required the exercise of the
highest professional knowledge and experience.
I may mention that, among other duties, he has
been a member of two boards convened for the
purpose of making codes of rules and regulations
for the government of the naval service. He was
a member of the board which furnished the fund-
amental plan and organization of the Naval Acad-
emy, when that institution was founded, and,
subsequently, of the board which revised the
original system, and advanced the Academy to-
wards its present efficient and prosperous condi-
tion; and, finally, he was complimented by a
late Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Preston, with the
appointment to the office of superintendent of this
admirable institution.
I do not think it worth while to dwell upon
the responsible, onerous, and disagreeable duties
he has often been called on to perform, as a mem-
ber of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, other-
wise than to notice them as evidences of the con-
fidence and respect of the head of the Navy. His
present situation on the light-houfie board, of
which he js now a member, and has been from
its first organization—taking an active part in the
creation of the presentflight-house e stabhsh men t—
is another and conclusive proof of his high stand-
ing with his Government.
Captain Du Pont has also contributed to adorn
his profession and benefit his country with his
pen. While in 1851 the idea prevailed in the coun-
try of modifying the existing system of national
defenses by the introduction, to a greater or less
extent, of floating- batteries, Captain Du Pont was
called upon by the Secretary of War to express
his opinions on the subject. His " report on the
national defenses" was considered so masterly,
that it has been republished separately, and very
generally distributed by some officers of the corps
of engineers. It has received distinguished notice
abroad. Lieutenant General Sir Howard Doug-
lass, in the last edition of his standard work on
gunnery, a work which has always been consid-
ered, both in England and in this country, as the
highest authority, has cited its opinions and con-
clusions with respect and reliance, and styles it
*' an admirable work."
Sir, the standing and character of Captain Du
Pont are dear to all the people of his State, as my
honorable friend and colleague [Mr. Bayard] will
readily testify, and he holds a place in their af-
fections as one who has conferred honor on the
State, keeping in view the careers of Jones and
McDonough, who were also her own children,
and who had by their faithful and distinguished
services created in Delaware a special pride in the
prowess of our Navy. Like those naval heroes,
lie will stand in future time, in despite of calumny,
as a man who has passed through life with a
breast untainted, and a hand unstained.
KANSAS CONTESTED EJECTION.
SPEECH OP HON. WM. W. VALK,
op new york,
In the House of Representatives,
March IT, 1856,
On the Resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election case from the Territory
of Kansas.
Mr. VALK said:
Mr. Speaker: The subject of the Kansas con-
tested election has been for some time promi-
nently before this House, and it has elicited from
various gentlemen such expressions of opinion
and decision as to them has doubtless seemed
proper and conclusive upon the merits of the
case. I liave given to the debate thus far a very
close attention, and have endeavored, in all pos-
sible calmness, and without undue influences, to
reaeh the goal of truth. The process has not
been unattended with difficulty, nor has the task
been easy; for in many instances bold assumption
has usurped the place of fact, and many wishes
have fathered thoughts which, but for the undue
zeal of over ardent temperaments, would never
have become words in mockery of justices I am,
sir, but a child in legislative experience; nor am
| I gifted with the power of eloquence, to fix the
j judgment or control the will; but I can speak the
language of my own convictions, and
" nothing extenuate,
Nor set down aught in malice."
In my opinions, sir, I am in conflict, I presume,
with nearly all my honorable colleagues, and this
misfortune, if it be one, has attended me since the
commencement of our present session; but much
as I regret differences, I am under no anxiety to
reconcile them, or to soften down asperities by
any concession to the morbid prejudices or con-
ceits of any man. I profess, sir, to be keenly
sensible of my obligations and responsibilities to
the whole country, and entertain a very decided
idea, that I occupy the position of a national Rep-
resentative, bound to regard the States of this
Union as equals, and the Territories as the com-
mon property of them-tdl. I am here as a citizen
of the United States, and in that capacity I feel
the pressure of my allegiance to be due the whole;
for in every one of them I am guarantied the
same rights, immunities, and privileges.
We know, sir, that soon after the appointment
of the standing committees of the House, a ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections presented
here a resolution by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.] It was in
these words:
"Resolved, That in the Kansas contested-election case the
Committee of Elections be, and are hereby, empowered to
send for persons and papers."
It is this resolution, sir, which has been de-
bated, and upon the issue presented in it of send-
ing to a far aistant Territory " forepersons and
papers," that the discussion has arisen as to the
Questions raised in admitting to his seat here
Steneral J. W. Whitfield, as the Delegate from
Kansas. These questions embrace the right of
General Whitfield to his position by virtue of his
election, and the validity of the Territorial Legis-
lature by Which the law was passed under which
he was elected. To determine these points, a
majority of the committee modestly asked for
very extraordinary power, and have vigorously
defended the propriety and necessity of proceed-
ing in their determination. It was not sufficient
that General Whitfield had prima facie evidence
of his right and title to a seat upon this floor,
nor was it regarded as of any importance that the
Legislature of Kansas had prescribed the time
and mode of holding the election. Governor
Reeder, the newspapers, and not a few modern
Gullivers, had raised the cry of fraud. The
Legislature was a fraud; its acts were conse-
quently void, because passed by an "assembly
of usurpers;" and General Whitfield was but the
creature of " bowie-knives and border ruffians."
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] who addressed the House on the 6th
instant, does not believe that the power of the
House can be questioned in its authority to give
the committee all they ask for. He regards the
Whole matter as narrowed down to the inquiry,
whether a case has been made out which author-
izes the investigation demanded, and whether
" sending for persons and papers" is the best
mode of conducting the investigation. Is it,or
is it not? that is the "entire question "in all "its
length and breadth." It is so fixed by the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, and he makes out
the " case" without any difficulty or inconve-
nience whatever. With a facility of belief that
surpasses the credulity of ordinary men, the con-
clusion has long since been reached, that the
Kansas Legislature was a "fraud," and that
Whitfield is but the lesser " humbug" of the two.
In the remarks which I purpose making as an
answer to the assumptions of those gentlemen
who have expressed their opinions adverse to the
sitting Delegate, I do not intend to confine my-
self wholly to one person, though I am free to
say, that as a reply, I prefer meeting the gentle-
man from Ohio; and to his argument, if such it
can be called, I oppose not only the convictions
of my own mind, bat the stern array of facts, as
stubborn in their character and as forcible in their
illustration as any that have been pat forth by the
sympathizers with, and opponents of, the so-called
" wrongs and outrages" in the Territory of
Kansas.
How comes it, sir, that this Kansas contested-
election case is here at all ? Upon what testimony
(for I will not call it evidence) are we now sum-
ming up the merits of either Wnitfield or Reeder,
and upon what "certiorari" is the dispute brought
into this Representative Hall ? It is not upon the
petition of the people of that distant Territory.
It is not upon the complaint of their local legisla-
tive body. It is hot upon anything duly authfen-
ticated and solemnly presented that a majority of*
the Committee of Elections has decided to come
before this House, and ask for power to send two
thousand miles for persons andpapers. It is not
upon any sworn document or upon the majesty
of ah oath that we are asked for this extraordinary
grant, but it is upon the unsupported and unqual-
ified statements of ex-Govfernor Reeder alone,
who presents to this body a memorial of his mis-
fortunes and griefs, and prays us to unseat Gen-
eral Whitfield, and put him (Reeder) in the vacant
S" lace. Sir, since the organic law was given to
"ansas, and she became thus subject to her Ter-
ritorial Legislature, the bitter waters of strife have
not ceased to flow within her borders, and in
every corner of this land has there been kindled
the watch-fires of a zealous fanaticism. In its
wisdom Congress gave the actual residents of the
Territory the power to make their own laws and
to regulate their own domestic affairs. But from
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill and the
repeal of the Missouri restriction, there has been
heard from one end of the non-slaveholding States
to the other, the dismal howl and wailing of the
especial guardians of freedom, lest by any possi-
bility slaveholders might go into Kansas, and the
Terrritorv thus become m time a slaveholding
State. This key explains many mysteries, ana
points out the animus of all the agony that has
been sent forth in newspapers and pamphlets all
over the country, aB well as on this floor in
speeches void of sound argument, but Ml of
declamation.
I have said that upon no othtr'testimony than
that furnished in the memorial of A. H. Reeder
does a majority of the Committee of Elections
come into this House and ask for a grant of
unusual power. This memorial was drawn up
in this city, and bears date the 12th of February,
1856. It does ncri cdm« from the pedpk of the
