174
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 17,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Valk.
Ho. of Reps.
Territory, nor is there any evidence that they
sanctioned it in any manner. It is simply Reeder
complaining of Whitfield's election, and claiming
to be entitled to represent the Territory of Kansas
in this Congress in Whitfield's place. It assumes
to speak for the " qualified voters of Kansas,
and to be based upon information and belief as to
the matters and things therein set forth. It is .
Reeder pleading in his own behalf, and telling
this House a dismal tale of Whitfield's "pre- ;
tenses," and his own justification. '
Upon the presentation here of this memorial
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, .
[Mr. Florekce,] he moved its commitment to
the Committee of Elections, and there it went for
examination. There is not a word in the memo-
rial indicating any desire on the part of Reeder
that "persons and papers" should be sent for.
He tells his story, and that is the whole of it.
Now, there is a maxim familiar to us all, wnicn
eays, there is right and justice in " heanng the ,
other side." Reeder's statements may be true, ,
though they are not made under oath; but what
does Whitfield answer? Nothing to the memo-
rial, for that is addressed to the House, but to
the "notice served" upon him on the 16th Octo-
ber, 1855, by Reeder, informing him of his pur-
pose to " contest his right to a seat in the next
Congress as Delegate of theTerritory of Kansas."
Whitfield did reply on the 17th of the same month,
and it is a reply, m my judgment, sir, upon the
very face of which there is stamped the seal of
truth and the evidence of facts as solid as they
are convincing.
Well, sir, we do not know what was said or
done in committee, or what documents or papers
they had before them, upon which to form a
proper and just conclusion. Many gentlemen ;
believed, and the belief has become verified, that 1
they (the majority) would report as they have
done in asking " for power to send for persons •
and papers." Such a result was anticipated when
the " case" was referred to them, and it is now
before us as the subject of discussion. _ To the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio, it is my
purpose to reply more specifically than to those
who have preceded him; and by the line he has
marked out for himself I shall endeavor to follow.
No one doubts that" the fact is apparent" that
either Reeder or Whitfield is here " in violation
of the organic law of Kansas Territory." It is
not necessary that the credulity of any one should
be taxed upon a point so plain, for it is, as the
gentleman says, "self-evident." It is gratifying
to know that the Territory has an organic law,
and that under that law one or the other of the
Delegates is the true one, and was elected as the
law prescribed. The question upon this issue is,
who is the man, Reeder or Whitfield ? Who was
elected in conformity to the organic law? Be it
either, one of them is assuredly here as a violator
of that law, and has consequently no show of
evidence that he is the rightful claimant of a seat
upon this floor. By the organic law of the Ter-
ritory, the mode of choosing a Delegate to Con-
gress is set forth, and in conformity to the legis-
lative enactments of the Territory the election
was held on the first day of October, 1855. No
one but General Whitfield was a candidate, and
he was consequently declared duly elected, and
bears with him the certificate of Governor Shan-
non. Nine days after, and in open violation of all
law, another election is held at a different place;
and by virtue of this pretended election is it that
ex-Governor Reeder presents himself here as of
right the Delegate. He brings no evidence of his
election, nor does he claim to be here at all in con-
formity to the organic law; but he presents him-
self as a law-abiding citizen and an injured man.
He tells us that the law under which Whitfield
was elected was null and void, because the Legis-
lative Assembly that passed it was itself an illegal
body, and was not elected by the bona fide citizens
and residents of the Territory. It has been called
the creature of " fraud and violence—a band of
usurpers," the offspring of a,Missouri mob, and
the fruit of border-ruffianism. And the majority
of the Committee of Elections have now concluded
to ask this House for " power to send for persons
aind papers," upon the bare memorial of a single
man—not to ascertain whether Whitfield was duly
elected, but to prove by oral testimony that the
Kansas Legislature was a barefaced and gigantic
Nobody does dispute the fact, that two elections
were hela in Kansas last year for a territorial
Delegate, or that one of these was in direct con-
flict with the territorial law. The right existing
under the organic law to elect but one Delegate,
•with the time and place set forth, it follows that
a second election, at another time and place, must
be fraudulent. By statute, Whitfield was duly
chosen on the 1st of October. Upon his own mo-
tion, Reeder asserts that he was chosen on the
9th, and without any regard to law whatever.
There can be no controversy, then, as to%who
comes here " by authority," but we are to question
the validity of that authority, and to test it, by
assenting to the very bold and extraordinary
requisition to-send for persons and papers. The
Territorial Legislature are chargea as a " band
of usurpers," and all their laws denounced as
invalid. But by whom is this charge made? It
does not come from the people of Kansas, or from
any authorized body in their behalf, but it comes
from their former Governor—from him who had
sanctioned and given existence to that very Legis-
lature and vitality to their laws. It comes from
him who was the sole judge of the legality of
each member's election, ana who recognized the
legislative body as unquestionably lawful by ad-
dressing to it formal executive communications.
Well has it been said, sir, by a distinguished
Senator in the other end of the Capitol, that Gov-
ernor Reeder went to Kansas " under the author-
ity of a law of Congress regularly constituting
a territorial government." He was sent there to
be its Governor, and to carry out every provision
of that law, just as though the Missouri line had
never been repealed. He received his commis-
sion as a tenant under a landlord, and had no right
to dispute his landlord's title. He was placed
there as a sentinel; but what was his course?
He first called the Legislature together at Pawnee
City. It was a remote town site, for there was
no town there; hence the inference is irresistible,
that from his interest as part owner of thelocality,
he desired to make it the temporary seat of gov-
ernment, and thus call for an expenditure of the
public money which would be a benefit to him
in his speculative arrangements. There were no
houses or even rooms in which the Legislature
could properly meet. Even the necessaries of life,
to say nothing of its comforts, were almost wholly
wanting. Under such circumstances, what did
the legislative body do? They adjourned to a
more suitable and convenient place, where the
wants of its members could be better supplied.
Governor Reeder refused to sanction the adjourn-
ment, aid vetoed the very first bill passed by the
Legislature at the Shawnee Mission. He refused
to maintain the authority conferred on liim, and
being where he was under the sanction of law,
he was in a position to do much good or great
evil,and he chose the latter. " He was the trusted
officer on the quarter-deck, in a storm, and by his
judgment might save the vessel." He refused
to fulfill that solemn trust, refused to do his duty,
and thus gave rise to bitter and fearful trials. He
placed himself in open rebellion to his own author-
ity, denied the validity of the whole code of ter-
ritorial laws, and so demeaned himself in incon-
sistency and mischief, that his removal by the
President became a matter of. necessity.
Before ex-Governor Reeder left Kansas, he
caused a notice to be served on General Whit-
field, " that he should contest his right to a seat"
in this Congress as the territorial Delegate. But,
says the gentleman from Ohio, Reeder " is not
a contestant at all;" he has only come here to
claim a seat for himself, by virtue of an election
held at the " Big Springs," in Kansas, on the
9th of October, 1855. The 1st of October was
the day prescribed by law for that purpose, and,
in conformity to that law, an election for Delegate
was held, and Whitfield elected urithout opposi-
tion. Sir, the gentleman from Ohio well asks, if
any man is to De told that the people of Kansas
assembled on the first day of October last and cast
their votes for the sitting Delegate, and then went
through the farce, only eight days after, of again
casting their votes for his opponent? No man,
sir, (says he,) can be made to believe that. No,
sir, no man does believe it. But many thousands
believe, sir, that a sham election was held on the
9th of October, not only without color of law, but
in direct violation of it; and that at suc/ian election
Mr. Reeder got the votes of the emigrant aid
society men. It does not matter how many, for
ten thousand could not give validity to so disor-
ganizing and lawless a proceeding. " In one or
the other of these elections," says the gentleman
from Ohio, " the organic law of the Territory
was wantonly trampled on and disregarded;" and
there is no doubt of it.
For what purpose, sir, have the majority of the
Committee of Elections asked authority of this
House to send to Kansas for persons and papffrs ?
It is, says the gentleman from Ohio, whether or
not General Whitfield was chosen by the people
of Kansas, or by an invading and conquering
army. It is, says he again, to ascertain if the
sitting Delegate is here without the popular con-
sent, and in violation of law by lawless invaders.
It is to discover " whether he is here by the de-
cision of the sword, and not of the ballot." To
solve these mysteries, the committee have resolved
to ask for a plenitude of power, and if by their
report, says the gentleman, no " probable case"
is made out, then he admits the power " ought
not to be conferred." The legality of Whitfield's
election is here made the basis of the report of the
majority of the committee, but the minority aver,
and I think correctly, that the power to send for
persons and papers is designed to operate in a
very different manner; and that it is to test the
validity of the Territorial Legislature, and the laws
passed by it, that we are to give this committee
what they have asked for. If the question in-
volved only the rights of General Whitfield or
Governor Reeder to a seat in this body, it would
be of very little importance to the public. But, it
extends very far beyond this; even to the exist-
ence or non-existence of the Kansas Legislature
and her laws. General Whitfield claims to have
been elected under the authority of that body.
Governor Reeder claims to have been elected
under the authority of a volunteer convention held
at Topeka in defiance of the Legislature and its
laws. If the Legislature was not a legal body, its
acts are clearly void, and among them the law
for the election of a Delegate to Congress, and
also the election itself. If, on the other hand,
that Legislature teas a legal body, then its acts
are binding upon the people of the Territory, in-
cluding the act for the election of their Delegate;
and consequently the election of General Whit-
field can only be successfully combated by show-
ing that some other person received a greater num-
ber of legal votes at the election so appointed; and
I apprehend neither Governor Reeder nor any-
body else will undertake to show any such thing,
for it is an impossibility. That the Legislature
was a legal body, the present contestant, (for he
calls himself such,) Governor Reeder, practically
admitted, in the most solemn manner, under cir-
cumstances much less likely to prejudice his
judgment than those which now surround him,
by giving to the majority of members certificates
of election, and subsequently by sending messages
to them as the legislative body. The Nebraska-
Kansas law, made it his duty, as Governor of the
Territory, to declare " the persons having the
highest number of legal votes in each election dis-
trict to be duly elected." This, ex necessitate, in-
cluded the duty of determining who, in each of the
districts, had the highest number of legal votes.
And he, Governor Reeder, did so determine it in
a majority of the districts, and declared the re-
sult as I have before stated. He now comes for-
ward, and virtually, if not modestly, asks this
House to annul his own acts, both of omission and
commission! As the official agent of Congress,
he assisted in creating and giving validity to the
Legislature of the Territory, and then recognized
it by repeated acts of1 acknowledgment; but now,
now, sir, in the face of all this, he claims that it
was no Legislature at all, and leaves us to render
a verdict upon his conduct, as either in violation of
his own sanctions of territorial law, or utterly
inexcusable as a dereliction of duty. I believe,
sir, it was one or the other. His official acts,
as Governor of Kansas, were, in effect, the acts
of the national Government. His sanction of
the Kansas Legislature-was, in effect, its saner
tion by Congress and the . Executive. Tha
