1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
of Pearson for a patent steam condenser. They
desired to have it used on board the steam vessels
of the United States; and they had a calculation,
like that presented by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, to show that, if the Government of the
United States would use the patent steam con-
denser upon their steamers, the Government
would save a great amount of money. They
proposed that the inventor should receive one
fifth of the amount which they could demonstrate
that the Government would save by the use of
the invention, and let the Government use it; and
I believe they were ready to demonstrate that
the Government of the United States would save
$500,000. I recollect again, that several years
ago a gentleman from New Jersey invented a
patent primer for cannon, and he presented him-
self here ami sought to have the Government
purchase it. Patentees come here and represent
that persons in the employ of the Government
desire to use the inventions made by them, and
they ask the Government to compensate them
for those inventions.
The cases to which I have referred are cases
where the patentees have been willing to sell to
the United States the right to use the inventions,
and also to give free and unlimited power to in-
dividuals to use the inventions, bought by the
Government. But this case does not come with-
in that category, for the gentleman from Michi-
gan has called my attention to the fact that this
bill does not provide that the use and enjoyment
of this invention shall be common to all the
citizens of the United States, or to the Govern-
ment; it merely provides that a gratuity of $30,000
shall be paid to this person for the valuable
invention he has made. Sii, cannot you find
other great and valuable inventions, which have
conferred more benefit upon mankind than the
one now under consideration? If you compen-
sate tins man for his invention, and do not iom-
pensate others for like valuable inventions, you
make an invidious distinction. You say that
this invention is more useful to the Government
of the United States,and to the countiy, than any
other invention which has been made. There
is the telegraph, one of the greatest inventions
of the age; mid what compensation has the Gov-
ernment made to the individual who invented it,
other than to use it and pay for that use, just as
you and 1 do when we use it?
1 hope, therefore, that this bill will not pass;
and i move that it be laid aside to be reported to
"the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Of f lie advantage
of the solar compass over the old instruments, I
have no doubt. Hut, sir, does that create an ob-
ligation upon the part of the Government to make
a gratuity to the inventor of this instrument?
The inventor of this instrument, jf 1 understand
the history of this case, has availed himself of
tiie laws of the United States, passed in pursu-
ance of the provisions of the Constitution, vest-
ing the power in Congress to pass laws securing
to inventors and authors the exclusive use of
their works for a limited period. Judge Burt,
it seems, invented this solar compass, and ob-
tained a patent for it in 1836, securing to him the
exclusive use arid sale of that instrument, and I
presume, though I do not know that the fact is
so, that at the expiration of fourteen years he
got an extension of his patent.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Then there is no patent upon it
at this time. Then he has had the exclusive use
and benefit of it for fourteen years.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. In what way has he
had the use of it for fourteen years?
Mr. JONhS. By having it under his control,
and preventing all persons fiom using it—the
Goveriimentmcluded—unless they would pay his
price for it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The Government has
never paid him one shilling for it.
Mr. JONES. J ask if the Government has ev^r
bought and put into the hands of any of its
agents or employes a solitary instrument of !
Burt's manufacture? I
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman if j
any man employed m making Government sur-;
veys ever paid to Mr. Burt one shilling for the i
use of his invention ? I
Mr. JONES. The gentleman admitted a few i
minutes ago, that for every one of the instru- j
ments sold by the manufacturer, to others than ;
those employed in the survey of Government 1
lands, the manufacturer paid ten dollars to Judge ,
Burt.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Will the gentleman tell
how many ?
Mr. JONES. The genilcman said eight. I
do not know how many. I ask him if they were
sold to the Government employes at ten dollars
less than they were to others ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. They were. Then why was
that done? I take it from the facts before us,
that it was done for the purpose of basing an
argument to pass this very bill.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It was done in pursu-
ance of the very arrangement which 1 stated was
made between the patentee and the Commissioner
of the Land Office, that he would not charge the
employes of the Government anywhere.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman what author-
ity the Commissioner of the Land Office had to
make any such arrangement with the gentleman
about the patent?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is a question for
him to answer.
Mr. JONES. Now, sir, it is not pretended or
alleged here that the Government of the United
States has ever infringed his patent. It is not
asserted here that the Government of the United
States has ever used his patent. But, sir, those
employed by the Government to survey the pub-
lic lands, instead of buying another and a differ-
ent instrument, have bought this, believing it to
be a better one, and have used it in the discharge
of their public duties. Sir, the same individuals
have to buy their chains and all their mathemati-
cal instruments. They have even, 1 presume, to
buy their flags and llag-staffs. They have' to em-
ploy their markets, their chain earners, and all
others necessary for them to execute their work.
Then, sir, on what ground is this grant or gia-
tuity asked for by the inventor of this instrument?
It is because he has not heretofore received any
remuneration from the Government, and that he
has not received one cent for the instrument sold
to the deputy surveyors of the United States.
Why, sir, that is his own loss. lie could have
charged it to them as well as charged it to pri-
vate individuals, or State and county surveyors
throughout the country. This, sir, is pretty
much like the esse we had here for some years
asking $100,000 for the discovery of the effects
of ether; not because the Government had used it,
but because the surgeons of the Army and of the
Navy, in laying in their supplies of medicine,
had, among other things, purchased this. And
since the discovery of the application of ether,
tlie person claiming to be the discoverer thought,
and he had friends here who thought this Gov-
ernment should pa}' him $100,000 for it. What,
sir, has this Government paid to Mr. Colt, the
inventor of the revolver, an arm used success-
fully, advantageously, and with most telling
effect in the war with Mexico ? What remuner-
ation, sir, has the Government made, or should
make, to him? When the Government needed
the arm which he had invented, and which he had
the exclusive right to dispose of and control, the
Government bought it at his price and used it.
And, sir, in this case, if the patent had notcxpired
and the Government wanted to use the instru-
ment, the Government would go into the market
and buy it at the price that others pay for it, and
remunerate the inventor in that way. Sir, the
principle is wrong, that the Government should,
in its governmental capacity, be the rewarder of
all those who discover useful and important in- |
ventions. It is not within the legitimate scope of I
its pow^r, in my opinion. The gentleman lias
availed himself of the constitutional and legal ;
advantages which accrued to him under the ;
patent law for the invention of this instrument; !
and, as I take it, he has not the shadow of a '
shade of claim on this Government. j
Mr. PECK. 1 have a word or two to say, Mr. !
Chairman, in n ply to the arguments of the gen- |
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phei.ps,] and of the j
gentleman who last addressed the committee, •
[Mr. Jones.] We are asked why this particular i
case is to be taken out of the ordinary category 1
of inventions, and why this man is not to be placed ,
on the same level with other inventors? And we i
are told that he has no more claim on the Gov-
ernment than the inventor of Colt's revolver or
of the magnetic telegraph. Now, Mr. Chairman,
it seems to me that it is very easy to satisfy these
gentlemen in that regard. Gentlemen ask you
why Mr. Colt has not been rewarded by the
Government? I answer, the Government has
rewarded Mr. Colt; and the people who used
Mr. Colt's invention have rewarded him most
bountifully. In the case of ordinary inventions,
under the patent laws of the United States, the
inventor receives a reward proportionate to the
demand for the invention. So in the case of Mr.
Colt and in the case of the telegraph discovery.
The patent laws were sufficient to throw around
the inventors the protection needed to give them
abundant reward.
But in this case it is far different. And here I
want gentlemen to observe that it is not the uni-
versality of the demand which must test the value
of the invention. In this case the invention is
required only in a limited sphere, and the com-
mittee will see by the report that it is only useful
or preferable in cases of magnetic attraction.
This magnetic attraction is local, partial, not uni-
versal. But where it does exist to that extent,
the ordinary compass is not only inefficient, but
worse than that, it leads to serious mistakes,
which mistakes affecting the rights of parties in
real property, areof the mostsenous and expens-
ive character.
Now, gentlemen will see that the case of this
patentee was far different from the cases of ordi-
nary patentees, of inventions which come into
common and general use. Here was a restricted
and limited use. But gentlemen must not infer
from that the lesser value of this invention. I
say it, sir, with pride, that this invention, which
has been so slightingly spoken of here, places the
inventor among those men who, for the last fifty
years, have illustrated the progress of the sciences
and arts in this Confederacy; and has gained for
him an enviable reputation, not only within the
limits of our own Confederacy, but abroad and
in a wider sphere. It is one of the most splendid
illustrations of the march of science and of art,
and an enduring trophy of American genius.
Now, gentlemen say, "what claim has this
man on the Government ?" The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] asks, "is the Govern-
ment to reward all inventors?" I say, " no; not
all." Let the enjoyment of the rights guarantied
to inventors under the patent laws be their remu-
neration, if that be sufficient; but if that be not
sufficient, and if the invention be a valuable acces-
sion to the cause of art and scicnce, and if, in
! addition to that, it is absolutely essential to the
discharge of important functions of the Govern-
ment, then it is the duty of the Government to
reward the inventor. Can gentlemen draw any
distinction between this case and those which are
constantly voted on the same principle m respect
to other subjects ? Why, there is hardly a bill
upon your Private Calendar that has not passed
on some similar principle. We grant donations.
! We grant bounties to individuals. We reward
, men of mark and merit. Last session of Con-
gress, I believe, we granted $20 ,000 to the com-
i mander of the Japanese expedition. Will gen-
, tlcmon say that that was wrong? Was that met
| with the objections now urged against this ? That
| man had done nothing. He had done a duty for
! which he was actually paid by the Government.
| This man has done more than that. He was
j under no obligations to the Government; but he
! invented an instrument by which the Govern-
j mont has already savd a million of dollars, and
| by which it will save millions more—an inven-
i tion which is not only now of very great import-
! ance to the Government, but which must always
continue to be so in some form, however much it
may be modified by subsequent improvements.
The gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Phelps]
says, that lie has met with a man who has in-
vented a wonderful instrument that is far superior
to this. Sir, we all know a dozen such men.
There never was an inventor yet who did not
claim to have found out the very thing that was
necessary.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman does not ex-
actly quote me correctly. I said that I had met
with a gentleman—a gentleman who was exp- ct-
ing to be employed as a surveyor in Kansas-—
who had invented a compass, and who had in
