1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
mit, therefore, that gentlemen should act consist-
ently in the matter. I voted for that ten-minute
rule, and now I am ready to vote against it.
I submit the motion, therefore, to rescind that
rule, not for the purpose of consuming time, but 1
do so in good faith, hoping that the House will
take the same view of the matter as I do. 1 have
so much respect for the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] who made the mo-
tion to establish this rule, that I absolutely, in
opposition to my own better judgment, was in-
duced to go with that gentleman. I hope that
the distinguished gentleman who submitted the
proposition in good faith, for the purpose of
effecting the organization of the House, will, now
that he sees the rule disregarded and ridden over
by the House, go with me in the effort to rescind
the rule, so as to give every man who desires to
be hoard a fair chance to be heard, without the
necessity of throwing himself on the courtesy of
the House.
I again appeal to the Democracy. I want the
Democracy to toll me what they are to effect for
themselves, for the Democratic party, and for the
country, by this extraordinary system of bad
legislation. I ask them, what are they to effcct?
In all my experience in legislation, I have never
before seen such a course resorted to by gentle-
men who £0 for the largest possible liberty of
debate. We are not only gagged by the ten-
minute rule, but gentlemen are now endeavoring
to starve us into action at variance with the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party.
I hope, sir, that the gentleman who introduced
this ton-minute rule will—now that it has been
so repeatedly violated—vote with me for its re-
scinding. X want to have a vote on my motion
to rescind, and on that motion I should like to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia upon the
table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand the yeas and
nays upo$ that, and tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Norton were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 14, noes 92.
So (one fifth not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to lay on the table, and, being taken, was carried
in the affirmative.
So the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I piove that the House
do now adjourn, and demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. PELTON. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pelton and
Winslow were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 21, noes 104.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I demand tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Savage, and
Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn, the tellers having reported—ayes 30,
noes 96.
[Loud cries of" Call the roll!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
The CLERK. Mr. Aiken.
Mr. AIKEN. Mr. Richardson.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Saturday next.
Mr. NORTON. I rise to a question of order.
There was a response; and during the call of the
roll, 1 maintain that the gentleman from Kentucky
has no right to move an adjournment over.
The CLERK. The response was not heard
at the Clerk's desk; but the gentleman from
Kentucky had the floor before the call of the roll
was commenced.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. And I demand tellers on
the yeas and nays'.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lake and
Sapp were appointed.
Mr. NORTON. I would inquire whether it is
in order to make these motions to Adjourn in
rapid succession?
The CLERK. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution to prevent the repetition of the motion
to adjourn.
Tlie tellers reported seventeen as voting that
the yeas and nays be ordered.
Mr. TODD. I rise to a question of order. One
fifth of a quorum is necessary to order the yeas
and nays, and seventeen is not one fifth of a quo-
rum; therefore the yeas and nays are not ordered,
and there is no necessity for continuing the count.
The CLERK. Under the Constitution, one
fifth of a quorum is not required to order the yeas
and nays, but one fifth of those present.
The question was taken, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered; the tellers having reported—
ayes 17, noes 104.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that there be_a
call of the House.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I demand the yeas II
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Morgan ant"'
Barksdale to act as tellers.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 11, noes 90.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I call for tellers on the
motion.
The Clerk appointed the same gentlemen tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 10, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE moved to rescind the ten-minute
rule, and addressed the House at some length.
He has withheld his remarks for revision. [They
will appear m the Appendix.]
Mr. K. having concluded—
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Cumback were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 25, noes 102.
So the yeas and nays were refused, not one
fifth voting in favor thereof.
The question was then put upon the motion to
adjourn, and it was decided in the negative.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] to
rescind the ten-minute rule; and, being put, it was
decided in ihe negative.
Mr. SNEED. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Tennesson, and Phingle were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 4?; more than one fifth of a quorum.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
3G, nays 155); as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Boll, Royee, John P. Campbell,
Garble, Caruther*i, Co.\, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis.,
Edwaids, E!beitd<rp, Eustw, Ilenry M. Fuller, HairihOn,
Kent, Keunctt, Luke, LmdJey, Humphrey Marshall, IVIc-
Mullin, McQueen, Million, iYIilhvard, Moore, Orr, Paine,
Porter, lteadv, Savage, Wiihmn ft. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Wheeler, and ZollteofJer—36.
NAYS—Messrs Albright, AIIkoii, Banks, Baihour, Bar-
clay, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Bon-,on, Bingham, Bishop,
Bocock, Bowie, BiTuMiaw, Btanch, Brenton, Brook**, Buf-
fington, Burlmirame, Burnett, Cad Wiiladci, Jumo 11. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Ca--kie, ChatFee, Claws-on, Olmg-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Com-
ins, Oragin, Cullen, Cumh.ick, D.imrell, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dickson, Do<id, Dowdell,
Dunn, Durfee, Edmundson, Emrie, English, Faulkner,
Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dmgs, Gilbert,Granger, Greenwood,Grow, Augustus Hull,
Robert B. Hall, Iiarlan, J. Morrison flams', Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas? L. Ffairi*. Jiaven, Heibert, Hickman,
Hoffman. Hollowciy, T. It. Hoium. Valentine B IlorUm,
Houston, Howard, Hugh^ton, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kelly, Kelpey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, J..eiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Max-
well, McCdify,Mea<;lium, Kilhan Miller. Smith Miller,Mor-
gan, Moral!, Mott, Murray, Nieho' . Notion, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordeeai Oliver, Packer, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Petht, Phelps., Pike, Pi ingle, Purvuiuuu, Puryear,
Quitman, Iteade, Itieaud, Rivers, Robbing, Roberts, Itulfin,
Rusl, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Sim
mons, Spmner, Stanton, "Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan,
Talbott jTappan, Taylor, Tiiorington, Th urs ton, Tod
ton, Tyson. Valk, Wade,,W^kemati,.Walbridge, Waldroja,.«
•"Warner,' Cmtwaiader C. Wa*hhurnev Ellihu u. WaWJt- "
bume, Israel Wa'shlr.m, Watkms, -Watson, Welch;
Hams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, WoOdwortii, Daniel B  *
Wriglu, antlJohn V. Wright—J5&.
Pending the call of the roll, • • ■. '?
Mr. DAVIDSON (when his name was called)^
said: Before I vote, Mr. Clerk, I ask to, be in*-*
formed how many rotes Mr. Richardson had on
the last ballot? - ■ "
The CLERK. Sixty-seven. . '
Mr. DAVIDSON. Well, then, as that is seven -
votes short of the vote given by the Democratic'
party—the immortal seventy-four—and as it is
well understood by those who know me that there
is no better party man living than I am, that'I go
to caucuses and abide by caucuses—I consider
that, on this occasion, it is necessary that I should
give the reason why I vote in favor of adjourn-
1\i[embers of my party have gone into caucus,
and determined to'remain here during the night,
and to-morrow, and to an indefinite time, so as
to effect the election of a Speaker. After doing
that, some seven of them have paired off—taken a
comfortable way of voting—instead of remaining
here, with a view of solving the problem, ot
whether a man may be forced, by physical ability
or inability, to determine that which tho mind will
not authorize them to determine. As I have been
always opposed to tests in physical ability or
inability, and as I desire to be placed fair with
aR those gentlemen of my party, and finding that
no combination of circumstances on God's earth
would induce me for a moment to vote for any
lnan but Mr. Richardson, and fueling that every
other honorable gentleman of this House is actu-
ated by at least ns equally honorable sentiments
as I am—aside from fanaticism—I do not sup-
pose that, after eleven o'clock, any election of
Speaker can be effected I shall therefore vote for
the adjournment, and assume the responsibility
of so voting.
Mr. SNEED. My colleague, Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, being unwell, has paired off with
Mr. Ritchie, of Pennsylvania, and has desired
me to say so, in the event of another call of the
roll. s
After the announcement of the vote, there were
loud cries of " Call the roll!"
Mr. SNEED. I hold in my hand, Mr. Clerk,
a resolution which it has been my purpose, for
some three or four weeks past, to offer to tho
serious consideration of this House. I sfiould
have preferred that some gentleman of experience
here had offered th^s resolution, at whose pre-
sentation it would be more likely to have met
with a favorable result; but it seems that no other
gentleman will press seriously tho resolution.
Before declaring what this resolution is, I will
sny that 1 desire not to trespass on the indulgence
of the House, nor do I ask the favor of bring
heard beyond the rule. But upon some suitable
occasion—and an early one, I hope—it is my de-
sire to speak in response to at least two addresses
which have been made reflecting upon the Amer-
ican party. I mean the speeches of the Hon.
Howell Cobb, of Georgia, and of my colleague,
Mr. Smith. With these parenthetical remarks
as to my intentions, I desire to say that I liavo
thought all along—since the contest has been
shown to be a continuous one, and likely to be
a bitter and violent one—that the dignities and
proprieties of the House of Representatives ought
to be presided over by a member uf our own body
—by a gentleman who had received the popular
sanction to be here. And I think, sir, that the
scenes to-day, on more than one occasion, should
have carried this conclusion to every gentleman
who consults his own respectability as a part of
this constituent assembly. A gentleman from
among ourselves presidinghere would be respect-
ed more, in the first place; and in the nextplace,
would have the rights which I desire to sec exer-
cised over this House.
With these remarks, and with the additional one
that the promptness of my own will would, at an
earlier period of our meeting, have induced me to
select an ex-official to preside over this House, I
will say that as things have transpired here, and
as a name has been presented of a gentleman who
is, I am sure, eminently fitted to preside over this
House, I will not stop to inquire whether that
gentleman agrees with me in politics, or whether
