1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
175
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
enactments of that Legislature have been, by the
United States judges within the Territory, pro-
nounced, as a whole, constitutionally passed.
The President of the United States has issued his
proclamation to the effect that he recognizes them
as the laws of the Territory until repealed, and
the authorities appointed under the Nebraska
law as the government of the Territory until reg-
ularly superseded. Under these circumstances,
for Governor Reeder, or a committee of Con-
gress, to pretend that the Legislature of Kansas
was not a Legislature, and that its enactments
are not, and never were, laws, is, in myjudgment,
sir, but little less than a ridiculous farce. It may
be competent, sir, for Congress- (not the House of
Representatives) to annul any or all the laws
passed by the Kansas Legislature; but of what
avail will this be for Governor Reeder in refer-
ence to what he now claims ? If such an annul-
ment were now effected, it would only prove, by
the strongest implication, that they had been in
full force until annulled, and that, as a conse-
quence, his claim to sit, as the Delegate, is with-
out the slightest foundation. So, if the Legis-
lature of Kansas was a legal body, and its
enactments valid, then the convention at Topeka,
and the election of territorial officers under its
auspices, was a base and shameless usurpation,
and all attempts to support it by force neither
more or less than treason.
Mr. Speaker, in the remarks which I have pre-
sented to the notice of the House, it is apparent
that 1 have not presumed to settle points of law,
or indeed to engage at all in a legal argument, as
it may or may not be applicable to this Kansas
controversy. Other gentlemen have done this
with abundant clearness and force; and especially ]
to my honorable friend from Maryland do I feel j
indebted for satisfying my mind upon that branch
of the subject. I address myself to the House j
under a deep sense of my inability to do justice j
to the topic of discussion as we have had it
reviewed, and quite convinced that I have fallen
far short of giving expression to the fullness of
my thoughts, my feelings, and my convictions.
Let it be remembered, sir, thatl am almost alone,
in the large delegation from the State of New
York, in opposing the very spirit and letter of
the resolution introduced by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] and
that by no vote of mine shall there be aid and
comfort given to this new species of representa-
tive inquisition. To my mind, no case nas been
presented calling for any such grant of intermed-
dling authority. Nobodycomplainsbut he who
was once Governor of Kansas, and especially
charged with the care and protection of her infant
settlements. By and through him has there
come over thkt far-off Territory the dark shadow
of evil and the almost calamitous issue of civil
war. False to himself and the high dignity of
his official position, he planted the seeds of dis-
cord, anarchy, and confusion, but was not per-
mitted to stay to reap the fruit. Removed from
his office, chagrined, mortified, and vexed, he
moodily determines on revenge ; but not the re-
venge of the noble-minded and generous heart;
rather call it the studied effort of a deep design,
born and nurtured in the dark corners of the
mind, and here exposed to the full light of open
day.
Mr. Speaker, it has become a familiar maxim,
and it is full of truth and meaning, that "coming
events cast their shadows before." The times
are full of alarming omens, and the political Iagos
of the day are fast hastening us into startling
contingencies. Not content with countless bless-
ings in the most enlightened country on the face
of the earth, not satisfied with privileges unex-
ampled and immunities of a greater latitude than
any people ever enjoyed, the wisdom of the
children of the present day has become greater
than that of the fathers of the Republic; and now
they ask for the reasons for the faith that was in
them. Sad indeed, sir, is the thought that our
great constitutional expounders have passed away;
and no longer do we hear their warning voices,
though, being dead, they yet speak in silent whis-
pers to our very hearts. Let them be heard and
heeded, for the admonition comes to us from the
graves of the illustrious exemplars of departed
greatness.
Our hopes and fears may well start up alarmed
at all the solemn mockeries of legislation, both
State and National, now forced upon the country
by the political pigmies whom chance has brought
to the surface in the seething cauldron of party
zeal. And where are we to look for safety—upon
whom call for aid when the hour of trial comes
Where but to the American people, and to them
we must appeal. Could they know the truth, this
Kansas question had never been agitated, or the
resolution presented have which is founded solely
upon the unsustained word of a single man. I
do not believe, sir, that a solitary member of this
body desires to "stifle inquiry" or suppress in-
vestigation where it is proper and right. But,
sir, I am of an opinion that the committee ask for
too much, and, therefore, by my vote will I re-
fuse to sanction their extraordinary request. I
would suppress agitation and the falsehoods upon
which it feeds, and thus destroy the vocation of
our modern political charlatans, and their vora-
cious appetite for lying—under wonderful mis-
takes.
1 thank the House for its patient hearing, and
only regret that I have been unable to render the
subject the full merit of the justice it deserves.
RELATIONS WITH ENGLAND.
SPEECH OF HON. S. R. MALLORY,
OF FLORIDA,
In the Senate, March 13,1856.
On the bill appropriating three millions of dollars for the
manufacturing and repair of small-arms, equipping forti-
fications, and providing ammunition.
Mr. MALLORY said: The discussion of the
measure before the Senate, Mr. President, has
assumed a character which renders it proper that
I should state the rtasons which control my vote
in its favor; for I am unwilling to be regarded as
advocating it from any belief or apprehension
that our present relations with Great Britain are
to be speedily terminated. Neither in my sup-
port of this, nor kindred measure for increasing
the naval forces of the country, and which I had
the honor to report a few days since, have I been
governed by any such consideration.
It was my purpose, sir, to have spoken at some
length upon the condition of our foreign relations,
ana to have reviewed the correspondence recently
laid before us; but my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] has so fully and ably discussed the
subject, and presented it in so bold and truthful
a light, that I deem it unnecessary to do more at
this time than briefly to explain the grounds of
my own vote.
It may be, sir, that the horizon of my vision
upon this subject is less enlarged than that of
others; it may be, and probably is the fact, (fori
am not behind the scenes,) that passing events
calculated to engender and nourish international
antipathies—events which may be bearing us on-
ward from one tidal wave of discord to another,
until we may find ourselves irrevocably drifting
into a- war—are better known to others than to
me; but forming my own judgment by the light
of the facts before the Senate, I feel bound to say
that I not only do not believe there will be war
between Great Britain and the United States, but
I believe that there should be none.
Mr. President, the State which I have the honor
in part to represent on this floor has a sea-coast
of some twelve hundred miles in extent, exposed
and assailable at many important points. It
skirts important British possessions, from which
it is distant only twelve nours' sail; and if I were
in possession of any fact from which I could
reasonably infer hostilities with Great Britain, it
would be my duty promptly and earnestly to
apprise my State of it; and I confess, sir, that I
should feel somewhat humiliated, standing, as I
do here, somewhat in the attitude of a sentinel
on an out-post, watchful, not only of the inter-
ests of my own State, but of the Union at large,
if I were to give no warning of the coming foe,
but should leave her to catch the first souAds of
war perhaps from the echoes of hostile guns upon
her shores.
Regarding war, sir, as the greatest calamity
which a civilized nation can suffer, next to the
loss of its honor, I rejoice that no Senator on this
floor has risen in his place and expressed a judg-
ment in favor of the probability of war. I rejoice
M this fact particularly, because, above all other
contests upon earth, I should deprecate one be-
tween Great Britain and the United States. Such a
war, whatever might be its results, in view of the
mighty powers of both for inflicting destruction
on each other—in view of the magnitude of the
interests which would be at stake, would be ca-
lamitous even to the successful. Victory in such
a contest would but bring ruin with it. What
would the parties carry into such a contest ? Sir,
they would carry the inestimable blessings of free
government, of religious and civil liberty—they
would carry the language of Shakspeare, the
religion of Christ, and a thousand affinities of
race, kindred, laws, language, religion, and liter-
ature; and as I have said, whatever might be the
result, it would probably retard incalculably the
progress and civilization of man, and possibly for
a time close the Gospel to one half the earth.
But, sir, I will not dwell upon this subject.
Deeply as my own State would deplore hostilities,
and particularly hostilities between two such
countries, I must declare, for her, that if we
should unhappily be involved in a war with Great
Britain or any other Power, whether the cause
be a right one or a wrong one, there will be within
her limits no recreant to the cause or the country;
nor will there be found upon her soil a man breath-
ing any other than a determined spirit to see it
out, honorably and successfully; and, sir, I believe
that were Senators on this floor, and members
in the other branch of Congress, to express the
unanimity which they feel on this subject—and I
think there is but one sentiment of the country—
it would tend to bring negotiations to a satisfac-
tory issue.
But, sir, while I express the opinion that hos-
tilities ought not to grow out of the present con-
dition of our relations with England, I must, at
the same time, express what I believe to be the
judgment of the country—a profound confidence
in the wisdom, justice, ability, and masterly
moderation with which our controversy with
that Government has thus far been conducted by
our own; a moderation which 1 doubt not will
have a most salutary influence on public feeling
in Great Britain, when the facts shall become
known. Our moderation has been most wise;
and surely this great Republic, ardently devoted
to peace, conscious of the rectitude of its cause,
and conscious, too, of its ability to maintain it,
can afford to urge its claims with moderation.
A feebler nation could not, perhaps, afford to be
maganimous as well as just. We all recollect
that in 1848, Spain, at a moment of peculiar weak-
ness, in her decrepitude promptly dismissed a
British Minister—nay, she commanded him to
leave her shores within forty-eight -hours—for
presuming to address a dispatch to the Spanish
Minister expressive of Lord Palmerston's views
upon the domestic policy of Spain.
On the 16th of March, 1847, Lord Palmerston
wrote to Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer, the British
representative at Madrid, the following letter:
" Sir : I have to recommend you to advise the Spanish
Government to adopt a legal and constitutional system.
The recent downfall of tlic ICing of the French, and of his
family, and the expulsion of his Ministers, ought to indicate
to the Spanish Court and Government the danger to which
they expose themselves in endeavoring to govern a country
in a manner opposed to the sentiments and opinions of the
nation; and the catastrophe which has just occurred in
France is sufficient to show, that even a numerous and well-
disciplined army offers only an insufficient defense to the
Crown, when the system followed by it is not in harmony
with the general system of the country. The Queen of
Spain would act wisely in the present critical state of affairs,
it she were to strengthen her Executive Government by
widening the basis ou which the Administration reposes,
and in calling to her councils some of the men in whom the
Liberal party places confidence."
I will read the concluding portion of the letter
of the Spanish Minister in reply—a letter which
is a model rebuke, that displays the national pride
of Spain in a manner to command our respect:
" For the reasons which the loyalty of the British people
and its Government caunot otherwise than appreciate at
their true value, her Majesty's Government has resolved
to put an end to all these fatal contingencies, by transmit-
ting you your passports, and requesting you, within the
erm of forty-eight hours, or sooner if possible, to quit this
capital, for circumstances, are urgent, and there Would be
much to lament if this took place too late.'*
