1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
The SPEAKER stated that resolutions were
in order from the State of Maine.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Navy Department, in answer to a resolution of
the Souse of Representatives asking for inform-
ation as to the length of service of officers in
the Navy; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to printed.
Also, a communication from the Department
of the Interior, inclosing the draft of a bill fixing
the time within which maps of the definite loca-
tion of certain railroads shall be filed at the
general and local land offices; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
REPORT FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House reports from the Court of
Claims, as follows:
Favorable reports in the cases of Sturges,
Bennett & Co.; the estate of James Beatty; Earn-
est Fiedler; Thomas Crown; and H. & F. W.
Meyer; accompanied by bills of the following
titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Sturges, Bennett & Co.,
merchants, of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of James Beatty's personal
representatives;
A bill for the relief of Earnest Fiedler;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Crown; and
A bill for the relief of Henry and Frederick
W. Meyer, merchants, of the city of New York.
Which bills were severally read a first and
second time, and, with the reports, referred to the
Committee on Claims;
And an adverse report in the case of H. L.
Thistle; which was committed to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
SAFETY ON STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
recollected by the J louse that the bill of the House
(H. R. No. 192) to amend the act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes, was made the
special order for June 10th. Upon that day there
was not a quorum present; and it was then under-
stood by the Mouse that on some other day, when
a quorum should be present, it should be taken
up and made the special older for some future
time. 1 now ask that it may be taken up and
made the special order for Tuesday, the fifth of
August.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no recol-
lection of any such understanding, and I object.
Mr. WASIIBUIINE. 1 wish to state that this
is a matter in reference to which legislation is
imperatively demanded.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Take it up now,
and 1 will voLe with you.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce the motion I have
indicated; and upon that, I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Stranahan were appointed.
1 he question was taken;and the tellers reported
ayes—53, noes not counted.
So (two thirds of a quorum not voting in favor
thereof) the rules were notsuspended.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. KENNETT. At a very early day after
the organization of the House, 1 introduced a bill
for the continuation of the improvement of the
Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi river. That
was nearly six months ago. It was reported
unanimously from the Committee on Commerce,
with an amendment, however, reducing the ap-
j>riation asked for to £200,000, the amount men-
tioned by the superintendent of the work, as
necessary to continue the work for the present
and ensuing years. I now ask that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union be |
discharged from the further consideration of that !
bill, and that it be put upon its passage. j
^'|r* of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. KENNETT. I move that the rules be i
suspended. i
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask that the bill be !
read.
The bill, which was read, appropriates $200,000
for continuing the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river, to be ex-
pended under the superintendence of the Secretary
of War.
Mr. KENNETT. If the House will grant me
one moment before the motion is put, I will say
the bill which I had the honor to offer proposed
to make an appropriation of $500,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. KENNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
108, nays 50, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball,Barbour, Benson,
Billinghuist, Bishop, Bliss, Biadshaw, Brenton, Broom, \
Buffinton, Burlingame, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, I
Chatfeo, dawson, Colfax, Coming Covode, Cox, Cracin, j
Cullen, Cumback, Davidson, Day, Dickson, Dunn, Ed- i
wards, Emrie, Eustis, Flagler, Galloway, Gilbert, Robert !
B. Hall, J. Mornson Harris, Ilavcn, Ilotiman, Holloway, j
Thomas R. Horton, Valentino ft. florton, J-lughston, Kel- ]
sey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Knox, Lake, I
Leiter, Matteson, Meacliam, Kiltian Miller, Smith Miller, I
Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, j
Mordecai Oliver, Parker^ Peck, Peiton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, i
Porter, Pringle, Purviance, Puryenr.Readc,Ready, Ricaud, j
Ritchie, Itivers, Robbms, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Slier- i
man, Simmons, Snecd, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tap- I
pan, Taylor, Thormgton, Todd, LTnd<n\vood, Vail, Valk, 1
Wade, YVakeman, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. j
Washburne, I&racl Washburn. Watkins, Watson, Wells, j
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodrutf, Woodworth, and •
Zollieoft'er—108. i
NAY S—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. 1
Bennett, Bingham, Bowie, Burnett, Caskie, Howell Cobb, !
Williamson R. W. Cobb,Ciaure, Ciawford, Damrell,Dodd, i
I Diulee, English, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Guiding-;, Goode, j
Grander, Greenwood, Grow, Sampson W. Harris-, Houston, I
Jewett, Geoi^e W. Jones, J Glancv Jones, Kid well, Lump- t
km, AIa\well,McMullin, Millson, Powell, Quitman, Ruflin, !
Savajje, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William ;
R Hmith, Spmnor, Stephens, Stewmt, Thui&ton, Trafton, 1
Walbridfje, Waidion, Warner, Wmslow, and John V. I
Wright—«)0. |
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof) ■
the rules were suspended. j
Pending the call of the roll, I
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, stated that lie !
had paired off with Mr. Kelly. i
Mr^SANDIDGE stated that, during his recent ;
illness, one of his colleagues had paired him off j
till to-morrow. J
The House proceeded to the consideration of 1
an act (II. R. No. 12) for continuing the im- i
provemeiit of the Des Moines rapids in the Mis- I
sissippi river, the question being on the following j
amendment reported by the Committee on Com- i
merce: |
Tn line four, strike out the woul "five," and insert the !
word " two," so as to make the appiopuation $200,000, I
uiKtedd of ,$'">00,000. J
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GOODE called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Albnght, Alht-on, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghuist, Bmgham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bowie, UradiOiaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffmton. Burlingame,
Lewis I). Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax,
Oomms, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell,
Davidson, Ileury Winter Davis, Day, Denver, Dickson,
•Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddinss, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Harrison, Haven, iiotfman, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton,
Valentine 13. lloiton, Hughs-ton, Kennetl, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Humphrey Marshall, Mat-
teson, McCarty, Meachain, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Mordecji Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Peiton, Perry. Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviance,
Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing, Sabin, Sage, 1
Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Simmons, Sneed, Stanton, Strana- 1
ha«,>Svvope,Tappan, Tayloi,Thoimgton, Thurston,Todd, !
Tratton, Tyson, Underwood, Valk. Wade, Wakeman, 1
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu i
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Whitney, !
Williams, Woodruff, Woodwoith, and Zollicoffer—117. '
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Baiksdale, Hendley g. Bennett, j
Branch, Burnett, Carhle, Caskie, Howell Cobb, William- I
son R. W. Cobb, Oraige, Crawford, Dodd, Elliott, English,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller. Goode, Granger,
Sampson W. Harris, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glaney Jones, Kidwcli, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMullin,
Smith Miller, Millson, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith. William Smith, William
R. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Trippe, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wmslow, and John V. Wright 48.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off, on
all political questions, with Mr. Roberts; but as
he was informed by his (Mr. R. 's) friends that
he was on the same side of this question with
himself, he asked the privilege of placing his vote
on the record. He voted " ay."
Mr. KENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CLAIMS BEFORE THE SENATE.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate list of private claims brought
belore the Senate of the United Spates from the commence-
ment of the Fourteenth to the close of the Thirty-Third
Congress, be printed for the use of the House.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to state the object
of this resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
any question.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would look at the act of 1833
he would not offer that resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The Commit-
tee on Claims have unanimously directed it to be
offered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask, now, the indulgence of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 356, entitled an "Act to authorize
the people of the Territory of Kansas to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, I ask to have
it taken up for the purpose of considering the
question at this time; and I will state to gen-
tlemen, that if the rules be suspended, or if no
objection be made, (as I trust there will not be,)
I will at once propose to strike out the Senate
bill after the enacting clause, and insert an
amendment of which I gave notice some days
a&o, and which has been printed and laid on the
table of members.
Mr. MATTESON objected.
Mr. DUNN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so that the bill may be taken up and con-
sidered at this time, for the purpose I have named;
and on that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 102, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Barksdale, Bell,
Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Billinghurst, Bishop,
Branch, Burnett, Lewis D.Campbell, Caiuthers, Caskie,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Ciaw-
ford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dunn,
Edmundson, Edward^, Elliott, English, Eus-tis Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Greenwood,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hams,Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hodman, Valentine P>. Hoi ton, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone>, Kulwell, Lump-
kin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, Meacham, Killtan Miller, Smith Miller,Million,
Moore, Morrill,Mott,Nichols, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Rcade, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Rivers, Ruflin, Sabm, Sage, Savage. Scott, Seward, Sher-
man, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.'Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, .Swope,
Talbott, Thorington, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, Wainer, VVatkms, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. tVught, and ZoihcofFer—109.
NAYS — Messrs. Barbour, Benson, Bingham, Bliss,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlin-
game, Carhle, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Connns, Covode,
Cragm, Cumback, Damrell, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie,
Flakier, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Ilarlan, Holloway, Thomas It. Ilorton, Hughston,
Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake,.
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purviance, Itobbins,
Sapp, Shorter, Simmons, Spuinei, Tappan, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
