176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with Great Britain—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
Such was the course of feeble Spain in 1848,
when all was turmoil and confusion in her Gov-
ernment, because Lord Palmerston himself wrote
a dispatch and ordered Sir Henry Bulwer to pre-
sent it. Lord Palmerston was indignantly re-
buked, not only by every patriot heart in Spftin,
but by his own countrymen. No war ensued.
Diplomatic relations were suspended for about
twelve months, and there was an end of the matter.
If we had pursued a similar course, would the
propriety of it have been questioned in any part
of tne country ? Certainly not. 11 is no longer a
question of aoubt that the British Minister in
the United States was directly and personally en-
gaged in acts violative of our municipal laws and
violative of our sovereignty as a neutral Power.
No man in this country will deny it. Therefore,
I say, if our Government had promptly dismissed
him and his consular accomplices at the time
when these facts were legally established before
the judicial tribunals of tne land, our right to do
so would not have been questioned; and now, un-
less a speedy issue shall be put to the controversy :
in an amicable and satisfactory manner, I, for
one, shall regret that that course was not prompt- j
ly taken; for I believe that in all cases of this
kind, prompt and vigorous action will tend best
to speedy and satisfactory conclusions.
But, sir, our Government did not pursue this
course. We could afford to be magnanimous.
We were dealing with a great, free, enlightened,
and powerful nation; and we had a right to pre-
Bume that, when the facts became known to Great
Britain, she would at once, not only disavow the
conduct of her agents, but that she would make
all reparation in her power, and withdraw from
among us those functionaries whose presence is
daily becoming irritating to our national pride.
As yet she has not done so; and, as was very
forcibly urged by my friend from Mississippi,
she has taken issue with us on a question of facts.
She ha  not attempted to deny that, if the facts be
as we have stated them to be, she will not do
•what we regard as just and proper; but she has
taken issue with us as to the truth of our allega-
tions. On that issue she must inevitably fall,
because the facts on which We rely have been
established by such judicial investigation as she
herself institutes to ascertain facts under all cir-
cumstances. The investigation proceeded ac-
cording to her own forms of law, according to her
own rules of evidence. It is such an investiga-
tion as would meet the approbation of her own
courts, and precisely sucn as she ever pleads in
her own behalf.
Sir, my friend from Mississippi has ably col-
lated the facts in issue—facts which establish,
beyond a reasonable doubt, the uncandid and dis-
ingenuous manner in which the British Ministry
have attempted to deal with Parliament, as well
 s with us; and it is worthy of remark that, when
• these facts were pressed upon them by Mr. Mar-
cy and Mr. Buchanan, they attempted to^vade
their legitimate consequences by alleging, in the
manner of a set-off, that we ourselves were not
altogether blameless upon the score of strict neu-
trality. And, sir, they went still further; and,
exhibiting a taste and & temper but little in ac-
cordance with their asserted desire to make all
proper reparation, they traveled somewhat out
of their way to add insult to injury, by declaring
that, in our endeavor to establish the complicity
of Mr. Crampton with the-enlistments, we had
resorted to means sometimes practiced by despotisms,
but which all free Governments disdain.
Sir, this is not the language to be used towards
an equal. The British Ministry have been for-
getful of what is due to the American Govern-
went and due to themselves; and such language
if the result of momentary irritation, can only be
regretted; while, if it be deliberately used with
the expectation of influencing the opinions of any
party in this country, it must receive the con-
tempt which it merits.
As I have already stated, I have not the slight-
est doubt that our difficulties with England will
deceive an amicable adjustment. If not, the dis-
missal of those functionaries will become, as a
matter of course, a necessity for preserving the
peace. It is a peaceful measure, and should the
Administration hesitate to do it, public opinion
throughout the country would demand it. I
believe that at this moment there is no diversity of
sentiment on this point. Then, as to the misun-
derstanding in reference to the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty, I think public feeling is rapidly verging
j towards a proposition for abrogating the treaty,
: and, as the honorable Senator from South Caroli-
nia [Mr. Butler] said a few days since, leaving
the race of empire in Central America open be-
tween Great Britain and ourselves. I cannot
believethat two great nations like England and
the United States, engaged in a great amicable con-
test for the progress and happiness of man—that
these two champions of human rights, whose
lineage, laws, language, and literature should
unite them in a common bond and a common
brotherhood for the development of the peaceful
progress of man, are to cease their heavenward
career, and engage in a death struggle from which
desolation and widespread ruin, even to the vic-
tor, could only come. No, sir; I will not believe
that this glorious nineteenth century, so teeming
with blessings to man, is to witness so appalling
a spectacle. Heaven forbid it! I have too much
, confidence in the good sense, no less than in the
sturdy sense of right, of the British people to
believe that they desire such an issue to existing
difficulties; and with them it must be left.
Therefore, not believing there is any danger of
an immediate rupture with Great Britain, I vote
in favor of this bill, entirely irrespective of that
supposition. Through long years of peace we
have been preparing for war, upon the principle,
I presume, that the necessary appropriations inci-
dent to the construction of public works of de-
fense may be better borne by the great interests
of the country when distributed from year to
year, and may thus fall more equally on all; and
on the further principle that preparation for war
' is, perhaps, the wisest means of avoiding it. For
years past the appropriations for our fortifications
have been parsimoniously made, and, on many
occasions, they have been altogether refused. A
prejudice has widely obtained that fortifications
are not necessary means of national defense.
That prejudice had taken so wide a hold on the
Eublic mind that the fortification appropriation
ills have been checked in Congress, and appro-
priations, when made, have been made parsimo-
niously. But, sir, a wiser and a better state of
feeling is now growing up among us. We have,
within the last three years, acquired information
on this point which two hundred years of peace
could not have given us; and, without the ex-
penditure of a single drop of blood or a shilling
of treasure, we have acquired a knowledge of
defensive works which have cost the nations of
Europe millions upon millions to attain. At the
very moment when Great Britain was strength -
ening the defenses on the approaches to London,
and actually adding to the defenses of Gibraltar,
in our country popular writers and speakers were
putting forth ad captandum papers and speeches
to prove that naval vessels constitute our true
defenses, and that fortifications on our.sea-board
were useless.
But, in the face of this proposition, we have
seen the most formidable batteries that ever
floated, not only harmless before Sweaborg, Cron-
stadt, and Sebastopol, but we have seen them
fearful of approaching within the range of the
guns of those works. Those fortifications are
not armed with the guns which were used in the
last war, but in part, at least, with nine and eleven
inch guns—sucn guns as the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs contemplates, by
one of the provisions in this bill, supplying to
our own forts. It would be but child's play to i
continue the old ordnance in our fortifications
against ships manned with these guns. A mighty :
duel between a fleet thus armed with heavy nine
inch guns, and our fortifications with their thir-
ty-two or forty-eight pounders, would be like
putting a pocket pistol into the hands of one man,
and Sharpe's rifle into the hands of another, to
engage jn a contest at the distance of four hun-
dred or five hundred yards'.
_ Mr: President, the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr, Cass,] a few days ago, alluded to
the repeated assaults, which have of late become
uncommonly frequent, on our country, her insti-
tutions, her Government, on Congress, individ-
ually and collectively, and on the Executive, put
forth by the leading London journals. We are
a very thin-skinned people, and are oftentimes
disposed to attach too much consequence to such
attacks from abroad, and by our action to give to
them a kind of spurious notoriety, when in fact
they are wholly undeserving notice. But in view
of the fact that one of these leading journals, the
1 London Times, exercises a more potent influence
! in the formation, in the government, and in the
control of public opinion, not only in the Brit-
ish dominions, but throughout the world on all
British subjects, than all other papers combined,
j it would be but a sorry affectation in us to disre-
! gard its tone at the present time; particularly
j when we see that that tone is in remarkable liar-
! mony with the acts of the Ministers themselves,
j I only advert to these assaults now for the pur-
' pose o'f saying that they have shrewdly calculated
j on our weak points. They venture the boast
j that they could sweep our sea-board from one ex-
I tremity to the other, because it is comparatively
I defenseless. They have drawn our attention to
the fact, and we may as well profit by their
suggestion. For this reason, irrespective of our
relations with foreign nations, I think justice to
Ourselves requires that those fortifications should
be armed at once, and armed effectually. These
attacks o-f the British press, however, do not de-
ceive us. They are deceiving only the British
people, because they proceed on the assumption
: that we are not united among ourselves; that the
i demands of our Government, reflecting as they
| ought to do the common judgment of the country,
I do not reflect that judgment, but are, on the con-
| trary i( an electioneering trick," put forth imme-
: diately preceding a presidential election for the
! purposeof ^'manufact wring political capital." This
j sentiment pervades the British presses adverse to
I us universally at this time, whereas, nothing
could be more grossly deceptive. It is a ground
which we know to be false. In regard to the
question of enlistment, there can be no doubt as
to the sentiment of the country.
I venture to assert here, in the Senate of the
United States, that as to the just and true and
only reasonable understanding of the words used
in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, with reference to
Central America, there is no diversity of opinion
in either body of Congress, in any branch of the
Government, or in any of the States of this Union;
and I assert, with equal confidence, that the decis-
ion of the United States district court upon the
enlistment question is regarded, by the settled
judgment of the country, to have established pre-
cisely the facts so ably recited and commented
upon by Mr. Marcy.
Hence, sir, we may safely say that the British
journals affecting to see in the demands of our
Executive nothing beyond "a bid for the Presi-
dency," and which calculate upon a division of
popular sentiment here upon these questions, are
grossly wrong; and they will find that, however
local questions may disturb or divide political
parties here, whenever an issue shall be made up
with Britain or any other Power, these States—
" distinct as the waves, yet one as the sea"—will
present a firm, calm, and united front. Many
questions of a domestic character will always
more or less divide us, but a public enemy will
ever unite us.
Mr. President, we cannot look at the condition
of our sea-board fortifications without admitting
the necessity of the measure before us. Who
are the enemies that this country will ever en-
counter, if she encounters any ? By common con-
sent, we all place Great Britain in the foreground,
and for many sufficient reasons. From the Oron-
oco along the Spanish bay, through the Antilles,
and the Caribbean sea, to the lone and distant
Bermudas, there is not a rock on which a gun can
stand or a standard float that she does not either
control or influence. From these vast and nu-
merous possessions her war steamers, the eyes
of her Government, look out upon our shores
and our passing commerce. Our country can be
assailed within twelve hours after the declaration
of hostilities shall have been made at any time.
Heretofore, as in the war of 1812, we could rely
on a certain space of time after the declaration
of hostilities to prepare for them. At that time
an ordinary fleet could not cross the Atlantic in
less than six weeks; but, sir, since the introduc-
