188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
' Now, as to coalitions, I hare been voting with
the gentleman from Indiana several times to-night,
as I supposed, upon principle. I believed that it
was just as important to sustain the principle
that prompted the resolution of the Democratic
caucus as it was to elect a Speaker; and, acting
under that impression, i thought I was perform-
ing my duty when I united with him and other
gentlemen, although I felt it was rather an unholy
alliance. [Laughter.] I vote ay.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL (when his
name was called) said": Mr. Clerk, I merely
desire, in casting the vote I shall now give, to
make some reply to the remarks which have
fallen from the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax,] who charges that the vote just given,
failing to lay on the table the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Sneed,]
was evidence to his mind of a coalition here be-
tween the so-called American party and the Dem-
ocratic party. I think, sir, the gentleman has
gone on upon a trifle as light as air, and that his
assertion or charge of a coalition, based upon
that vote, can carry with it, in the face of the
facts, no weight to the country.
It must be admitted, Mr. Clerk, that, if there
is any instrumentality that we may use by which
order may be preserved in this Hall, by which
wo may-take one step towards that organization
which it is our duty to effect, it behooves every
man here to take that step.
Upon a former occasion, when a proposition
was made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] to place the honorable member from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] temporarily in the
chair, I indicated my disposition to accede to
that proposition. I do not believe that it would
have any effect at all upon the election of a
Speaker of this body; but if the votes which
have been east here to-night are indices of the
determination of two large parties in this body
that we shall remain here until an organization,
then we have had evidence that we owe it to our
own protection to have, by the voice of this
body, some one in the chair who can inforce
order; and, by way of bringing this House to a
test^l vote ay.
Mr. PAIISE (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr.
Colfax] was pleased to tell this House, nnd to
threaten to tell the country, that because this
House saw fit, by calling the previous question,
to deny him the poor privilege of putting his can-
didate, and our candidate, and the candidate of
the Democratic party successively in the chair,
he meant to sound the. tocsin of alarm throughout
this country, that the Democratic party and the
national American party in this House had
formed a coalition. 1 take occasion to sav to
that gentleman—I speak only for myself—thntl do
nor desire to see a man who has borne aloft the
national American banner in this House follow
to that chair, or even precede to that chair, the
banner-man of the Democratic party which has
been so flagrantly unjust and insulting to the na-
tional AmeVienn party, or the banner-man of tiiat
other party which, in my humble opinion, strikes
at the pence, and prosperity, and permanence of
the Union; but, sir, I am willing to see any man
occupy that chair temporarily for the purpose of
preserving order here in this House. The stop
which we are now about to take, and in which I
coopeiate, has been thrust upon me, as I have no
doubt it has been thrust upon the national Dem-
ocratic party who are acting with me, in spite
of ail our efforts here this evening to rid ourselves
of this difficulty. Why, sir, the majority here
have almost gone as far as to intimate their de-
sire to pass the resolution which I submitted, and
which I shall submit again at the proper time. I
think, then, that it becomes every member of this
House who desires to preserve order during the
long period that we shall necessarily be engaged
in voting for Speaker here, to be willing to sec
thnt chair occupied temporarily by any member
of this House, whatever may be his political
opinions. But I tell you, Mr. Clerk, that this
right arm shall wither before I will vote for any
man for Speaker who has insulted the national
American party. I form no coalitions, sir, with
any man. I will vote for no man for Speaker of
this House who has offered a flagrant and unpro-
voked insult to my constituents, nor will I vote
for any man who is connected with a party that
has offered such an insult. I am willing, how-
ever, that the gentleman who has been named in
that resolution shall occupy the chair tempora-
rily for the purpose of preserving order. These
are my sentiments, and I will vote for the main
question. I vote ay.
Mr. READY (when his name was called)
said: I desire to submit a very few remarks before
I cast my vote. I have voted here for five weeks
for the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Puller] to fill the Speaker's chair of
this House. Though I am a southern man, and
entertain opinions and feelings in common with
my southern brethren here, which I trust are
conservative and national, and though the gen-
tleman for whom I have cast my vote is a north-
ern man, I was satisfied he was sound upon the
great question which so deeply involves the in-
terests of the country. I was satisfied that he
was prepared to stand upon the Constitution of
the United States as long as any other man. I
was satisfied he intended to cling to the Union of
these States as long as any other man, I was
satisfied that he stood upon the twelfth section
of the Philadelphia platform. I was satisfied
that lie was for preserving the vested riglits of
every citizen of this country, whether native or
foieign-born. When he was specially interro-
gated as to his position on certain questions, he
answered that he was opposed to the agitation of
the question of slavery in the Congress of the
United States; that he was opposed to the repeal
of the fugitive slave law; that be was in favor of
maintaining the compromises of 1850; that he
would vote for the admission of Kansas as a
State of this Union, upon her application, with a
constitution tolerating or prohibiting slavery, as
the people of that Territory, in convention as-
sembled, might determine. When he came to
answer the question as to whether or not he would
vote for the restoration of the Missouri restriction,
as gentlemen here well remember my stating on
a former occasion, I understood him to hesitate,
and to evade giving a direct answer.
Under that impression 1 cast my vote for my
colleague, whom I knew to be sound upon that
question. When the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was afterwards interrogated by the honor-
able gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walker]
more especially and particulaily on that question,
ho answered emphatically that he would vote
against the restoration of the Missouri restriction.
It is true he had said if he believed that it could
be restored he would vote for it: but he was
opposed to the agitation of the question of slavery.
He believed the restriction could not be restored;
that an attempt to do so would be but an agitation
of the slavery question, and therefore he would
vote against its restoration. That answer was
satisfactory to me, and I changcd my vote, and
cast it for him, as 1 had been doing for weeks be-
fore; and from that time to the present I have con-
tinued to vote for him, and I should be satisfied
to continue to vote for him as long as this contest
for the speakership lasts, because I have entire
confidence in his patriotism, in his integrity, in
his nationality and conservatism. But, Mr. Clerk,
that is collateral to the subject to which I wish
mainly now to direct my remarks.
I have said I am a southern man, and sympa-
thise with my southern brethren in their opin-
ions and feelings; and it is due to myself to say,
that, when I took my seat here, I did so with
a determination not to be fettered and bound, be-
yond a reasonable extent, by party ties. I felt
that 1 owed an obligation to the country higher,
and above all other considerations. Therefore
I had determined, upon a certain contingency,
that I might cast my vote for Speaker for the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rjoh-
AIUD80X,] who has been so steadily voted for by
J the Democratic portion of the House; or I might
] vote for any other gentleman of the Democratic
I party whom 1 might conceive qualified to dis-
I charge the duties of that responsible position.
5 Why I have not done so, or whether or not I
j will do so hereafter, it is not necessary for me
| now to say. Upon the present occasion it is
j only necessary to remark, that I desire, next
; to the organization of the House, that its busi-
l ness should be conducted with order and de-
| coney. I desire it to bo borne in nnnd that this is
! the (Congress of the United States; that we came
I here as the Representatives of a great and intel-
ligent people; that we boast the country which
we in part represent now occupies a higher and
prouder position than any other nation on the
habitable globe. [Here the hammer fell.]
The CLERK. The gentleman can proceed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. READY. I will not further trespass upon
the time of the House, as objection has been
made. It has not been my habit to do so, as
every gentleman will bear witness. And 1 may
take occasion hereafter to say much I would now
have said, had I not been cut off by the rule of
the House. I only add, that I believe the tempo-
rary appointment of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] to the chair will facilitate the
organization by more effectually preserving order
than it can be done under existing circumstances,
while it will tend to maintain the dignity and char-
acter of the House as a branch of the Congress of
the United States, though in an unorganized con-
dition. I vote ay.
The call of the yeas and nays was then con-
cluded, and the result announced as above re-
corded.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion should not be now put.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, (at one o'clock, a. m.)
I again move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. I call for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sage, and
Cobb of Georgia, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 32, noes 8G.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CULLEN. I wish now to inquire of the
Clerk whether the resolution that Mr. Orr be
placed in the chair is now before the House? If
it is I propose to move an amendment.
The CLERK. The Clerk would answer the
question of the gentleman from Delaware in these
words from the Manual:
"When the question was put in this form,i shall the
mam question be put?' a determination in the negative sup-
pi e^ed the main question duung the session; but smce the
wotds ( now put' are used. th<jy exclude it lor the pio^ent
onlv; tonnei ly only till the present debate was over, but
now for that day end no longer."
Mr. CULLEN. Then it lays over until to-
morrow.
The CLERK. It does.
Mr. CULLEN. When that resolution comes
up I shall move to substitute the name of Mr.
Fuller in the place of Mr. Orr.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following resolution:
Reiol'-cd, That until Sntuiday novt, at twe'vu oVlock
p. m., no motion to adjourn or to take a leees* {.hall be in
Older, unless a tfpeakei aha!!, beloie that time, be oleeted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I asjj the gen-
tleman if ho will accept this amendment: " And
that no debate shall be in order?"
Mr. PAINE. I shall accept no amendment.
Mr. GROW. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. PAINE. I move the previous question
upon my resolution.
Mr. CULLEN. I inquire of the Clerk if de-
bate is in order?
The CLERK. No debate is in order upon a
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. CULLEN. I ask the Clerk whether it is
in order to move an amendment at this time?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
lay the resolution of Mr. Paine upon the table,
tellers were called for, and ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards
and Greexwood were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49; more than one fifth of a ejuorum.
So the yeas and nays on the motion to lay on
the table were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE, (at five minutes past one a.
m.) Before the vote is taken on that question,
Mr. Clerk, I desire, as itis now after one o'clock,
to move an adjournment of this House; and m
making that motion I appeal to the members
who have witnessed the proceedings here during
