178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Hall, of Iowa.
Ho. of Reps.
take; that he appointed the place where the
people should vote, the day upon which they
should vote, and by his proclamation called the
election; that the election was held and the re-
turns made to him; that he assumed the power,
whether he possessed it or not, to judge of the
correctness of those returns; that he issued certifi-
cates to a portion of those who were elected—
perhaps to a quorum of each body—and ordered
a new election as to the others; that after time for
reflection had passed, after time for the ascer-
tainment of everything which had occurred in that
Territory, after some three months had expired,
he appointed the place where the Legislature was
to meet, and by proclamation called its members
together; and when they had met according to
that proclamation, he delivered to them his mes-
sage, and the wheels of government were put
in motion exclusively under his direction, and
under his official oath; that he addressed that
Legislature as the Legislature of the Territory
without objection up to the time when, in the
exercise of its wisdom, and in reference to its
necessities, it believed it its duty to adjourn from
that place, when he questioned its right to ad-
journ; that the question of its right'to do so was
adjudicated by tne supreme court of that Terri-
tory; and, it seems to me, that the Legislature is
the exclusive judge of the circumstances under
which it should be authorized to adjourn.
Now, will it be contended, upon the part of the
members of this House, that if pestilence had
prevailed, this Legislature would not necessarily
nave had authority to adjourn ? Are not prece-
dents common upon this subject? If for any
cause a necessity for adjournment existed, would
not it possess the power, and its acts passed
thereafter still be valid? But, sir, from some
motive—it seems to me most extraordinary—
from some motive, potent and powerful, from that
moment commenced a war between the Executive
of that Territory and the legislative portion of the
government—the Governor condemning the Le-
gislature for its adjournment, and the Legislature
condemning the Governor. A war commenced,
and Governor Reeder vetoed the bills passed by
the Legislature, assigning for his reason that the
Legislature had adjourned without authority of
law. Was there any other reason assigned at
that time? Did the Governor complain that there
had been no legal election? Did he complain that
the Legislature was not authorized to act, if the
members would sit in the place which he had
appointed for their meeting? Not at all. I under-
stand that that was the special reason assigned
by the Governor of the Territory pending his
constant veto.
A brief period afterwards, circumstances were
euch as to call upon the Administration to re-
move Governor Reeder for reasons known to
this House. Then, sir, commenced among the
people of this new Territory an excitement.
Public meetings were held, parties were organ-
ized, and orators were sent out throughout the
country to lecture the people in reference to the
wrongs of Kansas.
Now, sir, I do not know especially what mo-
tives governed the gentleman who was acting as
Governor; but it seems to me that some facts
"^e been developed in relation to his course
which demand investigation—facts over which we
have as perfect jurisdiction, to say the least, as
we have over the election of the Kansas Legisla-
ture, Why, sir, the Governor was the creator
of this whole Legislature. It was constituted
wnder his special guidance in pursuance of forms
prescribed by him; and yet he became its ene-
my, It is well known how easy it is in a new
country of that character, where men are to a
greater or less extent strangers to each other 
where they come frftm different quarters of the
globe, with different opinions and different man-
ners, toget uj> excitement upon almost any ques-
tion. The history of all the new Territories
proves how easy it is to raise an excitement, and
to induce men to take sides in that excitement,
and to go to extremes. So it is in Kansas. A
portion of the public press throughout the coun-
try struggled to fen the flame into ablaze,
ana that blaze into a conflagration; and gentle-
men come into this Hall and gravely read ex-
tracts from the most scurrilous of those papers 
those which contain the greatest roorbacks—and
read them here for the purpose of sending them
to the country to inflame the public mind.
My impression is that there is more excitement
on this subject in some portions of the East than
there is even in Kansas, notwithstanding all that
has been said about it. So far as 1 am concerned
I make no objection to a full and fair investiga-
tion of everything which has taken place in Kan-
sas, if it is necessary to instruct and inform the
members of the House with regard to proper le-
gislation on the subject. I do not believe that it
is constitutionally within our power to go behind
that election for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the members were legally elected or not,
and to declare the acts of that Legislature void.
I do not believe we can destroy the rights which
have been acquired under them. I do not believe
that the Constitution gives us jurisdiction of this
subject; and I believe that a precedent of this
character on the part of Congress would be pro-
ductive of the utmost confusion in the future; but
I have no objection to an investigation. I desire
that the facts should all be developed, and I be-
lieve that we ought to have these facts; but they
should be obtained in a proper way, not by con-
stituting a committee here with power to send
for persons. They may send for papers, if they
please—to that I nave no objection; but I have
objection to constitute a committee to send so far
as to Kansas for the purpose of obtaining wit-
nesses, at the immense expense which that would
impose. I do not believe that any necessity ex-
ists for it. • I believe that, by sending out an im-
partial commission to take depositions, all the
facts can be ascertained which are necessary to a
full examination of the subject.
Sir, I would not vote to give to the committee
this power required by the majority of it, for the
purpose of ascertaining and applying the testi-
mony to this contested question, because I do not
believe that we possess the power to go into the
i matter which they propose to investigate. Allow
me to say, in this connection, that when the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill became a law, I hoped that the
j question of slavery had been forever settled. I
. hoped that Congress would cease to agitate the
question, and would leave it with the people,
i where it properly belongs. I believe that the
people are better qualified, in point of intelligence,
| in point of integrity, in point of all the requisites
| necessary to enable them to decide the question
I correctly, than Congress. There are many mem-
, bers on this floor—nay, I venture to say there is
a majority of gentlemen on this floor—who never
j saw that Territory, who know but little of its
| soil, little of the wants of its inhabitants, and
! who are but illy qualified to judge as to the
domestic institutions to be established in the gov-
ernment of that people. I believe that the people
of Kansas understand their interests, and that
they possess the judgment, integrity, and intelli-
gence to decide all questions correctly, more cor-
rectly at least, than Congress can decide for them.
They know just what they want. They are
making institutions for themselves. If these
institutions are good, they enjoy their blessings;
if bad, the curses which legitimately follow them
are theirs. They understand this. They know
it. And they will decide these questions more
correctly and nearer the right than all the politi-
cians of the country assembled from the four
quarters of the Union.
I had hoped, sir, that Kansas, like New Mexico,
and Oregon, and Washington, would be settled
in the natural and ordinary way. I expected
that there would be no interference on the part of
the East, or the West, or the North, or the South;
but that men would go there as they ordinarily
emigrate for the purpose of making homes, and
of enacting such laws as should make those homes
happy, as should bring them the blessings of peace
and of good government. They have no earthly
object in the world in doing anything else; while
there are ten thousand motives which may operate
on Representatives of the people of Maine, and
iexas, and Pennsylvania, and New York, and
ot all the other States, to legislate for Kansas so
jUlt *^eir own constituencies,
I did not expect that, for the first time in the
History ot the Government, emigrants would go
out under the instructions of a gigantic monop-
oly, authorized by a statute of Massachusetts.
I did expect that emigrants would go there to
learn what Kansas was; to learn what institutions
were necessary for her government; to ascertain
the condition of the country, their associations,
and everything by which they would be sur-
rounded, and to make such laws as were neces-
sary for their happiness; and not be sent there
under the influence of a gigantic moneyed and
soulless corporation, pledged to carry out the dic-
tates of these moneyed men of the East. I had
hoped, too, that the same rules would apply to
the people of the State of Missouri. But I saw
at once, when it was announced in the pa pers that
this great emigrant aid society was organized in
Massachusetts, what would be the result. Mas-
sachusetts took good care to protect herself. When
she incorporated this company, with a capital of
$5,000,000, she took care to provide that not more
than $20,000 should be invested in that State.
She had no objection to $4,980,000 being invested
by that company in Kansas.
Sir, it was publicly announced that the form-
ation of that society was for the purpose of
settling Kansas. That was the avowed object;
and all the operations of the society, since its
formation, have been directed towards the coloni-
zation of that Territory for the purpose of con-
trolling the elections there, and controlling them
with money, and with the implements and mu-
nitions of war. There is a feature about these
transactions that is worthy the attention of this
House. The fact is universally understood, and,
I presume, will not be denied, that in Boston, in
Salem, and in other portions of Massachusetts,
in the city of New York, and in various parts of
other States, where itinerant lecturers have trav-
eled for the purpose of exciting the people on
this subject, large contributions have heen made,
not only by the moneyed corporation to which I
have referred, existing under the sanction of the
State of Massachusetts, but volunteer contribu-
tions upon the part of the philanthropic wealthy
in those States, for the purpose of sending
Sharpe's rifles to Kansas—not the ordinary wea-
pon of the settlers—not the ordinary weapon used
in the chase, or for the protection of the domestic
hearth, but a weapon of war. They contributed
largely to carry freedom to Kansas. The mil-
lionaires of New York and Boston have done
this, while they are surrounded by thousands of
their own inhabitants, who are miserable and
wretched in their poverty. They do it with the
cry of starvation ringing in their ears. They do
it like blind fanatics, and would so contribute
while Lazarus was lying at their door, begging
in vain for the crumbs which fell from the phi 
lanthropist's table.
Mr. COMINS. The gentleman is giving credit
to the wrong class of people for contributions to
the Kansas fund. The subscriptions have not
generally been made by the millionaires of Boston,
but by the manufacturers, mechanics, and mid-
dling interest class of Massachusetts citizens;
and dictated by the same philanthropy which
sent thousands of dollars to the relief of the
people of Norfolk and Portsmouth.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman
whether at one of these meetings recently held
i!1!""7, Gerrit Smith did not contribute
| Mr. HALL. Yes, sir; and Lawrence, of
Boston, contributed liberally. The statistics show
that large contributions have been made by the
millionaires of New York and Boston for this
purpose. Yes, sir; Gerrit Smith and others con-
tribute their thousands to send Sharpe's rifles to
Kansas, while poverty, and wretchedness, and
want stalk abroad in their streets. And for what >
To make war upon the fundamental principles
of the Constitution of the United States—to make
war upon that great principle of equality which
makes this Republic great and glorious. It is a
false philanthropy. I have no doubt that they will
take contributions from any person whose sym-
pathy they can excite. I have no doubt that
the mechanics and working men of Boston, and
the poor men of Massachusetts, did contribute
their mites; even the widow's mite would not be
refused.
But mark you, Mr. Speaker, if you will recur
to the past history of the State of Massachu-
