1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME,
am
the last nine or ten hours, what good has come
of this night's session? 1 move that this House
do now adjourn. 1 call for the yeas and nays,
and for toilers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Carlile and
Tyson were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 9, noes 76.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Several Members. There is no quorum pres-
ent.
The CLERK. That makes no difference.
Mr. MoMULLIN. As there is no quorum I
move a call of the House.
The CLERK. That motion is not in order,
pending a motion to adjourn.
Tollers were ordered; and the same gentlemen,
Messrs. Caiilile and Tyson, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 17, noes 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Loud cries of " Call the roil!"]
The CLERK. The resolution of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Paine] is pend-
ing; and on the motion to lay that resolution on
the table the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
99, nays 90; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barksdale,]5eil, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyee, Brenton, Burnett, Cmhvalader, Lewt< D.
Campbell. Caihle, Caiutheis, Caskie, Clubman, llowoll
Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Cox, Ciagm, Davidson,
Dean, Denver, Do YViu, JDowdell, Durfee, Kdnmndc.on,
EdwauK Elliott, English, Elli«'iidgo, Evan?, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, Tlminas J. 1). Fuller, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Goode,Gieenwood, Grow, Ausr«>tu> Hall, Uatlan, Sampson
VV. Harris, Thomas L. Hums, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Valentine B. Hoi?on, Oou-ton, Jewett, George W. Jone*,
Kent, Kennetl, Knapp, landley, Lumpkin, Samuel fc?.
Mais-hall, Maxwell, MoMnllm, McQueen, Smith Millor,
Mrllson,Mooie, Mutt. Andrew Oliver. AToideeat Oliver, Orr,
Pearee, Peek, Pennington, Phelps, Poiter, Powell, Prmgle, :
Quitman, !lurtin,RuM,i*ubui. rJandnlar, lavage, fcshui man,
Sneed, Stanton, Stewait, Swope, Talbott, Tavlor, Thur?.-
ton, Trippe, Tv^ou, lTntjei wood, Vail, Valk, Watnei, Wat-
kins, Wheeler,"Window, Daniel B.Wright, John V. Wright,
and ZoiheotT'er—99.
NA YS—Messis. Albright, Allen, Banks, Batbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bradshaw, B ooks,
Butlington, Ruifinuame, James li. Campbell, Chaffee,
dawson, Colfuv, Comins, CnNen, Cmnhaek, Damrell,
Henry VVntier Davis,Timothy Davi<, Day, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Einue, Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, J.
Mom«m HaiiU, Hickman, Hoffman, Ilolloway, Thomas
R. llorton, Howard, Ungli>to i, Kellv, Kel>ev, King, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Letter, Humphrey Marrhall, Mat-
tenon, MeC.irty, Meaeham, Kilhan M'iler. Millwaid, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mm ray, Norton, Packer, Paiiie, Pelton, Pertit,
Pike, Puivianee, Purj'eai, Reade, Rioand, Unbelts, Sage,
Sapp, rteott, ^immonr-,William k.Smith.Spmner, Stephens,
Stianahan, Tappan, Thonnglori, Todd, Tiaiton, Wade,
Wakenian, Wa'budse, Wahlion, Cathvalader C. Wu*h-
burne, FJIHhi 15. Wa>,hbimie, l>iael Wa>hbmu, Wdbaon,
Welch, Wood, WoodiufT, and Woodwoith—90.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KENNETT said: As it is very evident,
from the present disposition of this House, that
no business will be done here which will be any
credit to it, I renew the motion to adjourn.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the mo-
tion to adjourn, while the House is in the act of
taking a vote, is not in order.
Mr. GOODE (on his name being called) said:
I wish to state, that from this time forward, till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, I have paired off
witli Mr. Simmons, of New York. I vote to lay
on the tabic.
Mr. SNEED. In consequence of the indis-
position of my colleague, Mr. Ready, he has
paired off with Mr. Robbing, and has requested
me to state so to the House.
The vote was here announced.
Mr. M1LLWARD, (at two, a. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn; and I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Comins and
Millward were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 88.
So the jf-Touse refused to adjourn.
_ Mr. PAINE, i move the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Tliat the Hon. William r. Smith, of Ala- i
bama, bo chosen to prebide as temporary Chairman of this 1
House, until a Speaker be elected. !
Mr. Clerk, I offered the resolution which has ;
just been laid on your table in good faith. I have i
been voting to adjourn ever since five o'clock* I
voted to adjourn on the last vote taken previous
to that on laying my resolution on the table. I
voted, also, for—or at least as. nearly for as I was
permitted—the honorable James L. Oiuttofireside
temporarily over the deliberations of this body.
In my efforts to obtain a temporary Chairman,
however, I was defeated; but I trust, from what
we have seen here to-night, that it must be ap-
parent to every gentleman that it is necessary to
have one of our own body to preside temporarily
over our deliberations until a permanent Speaker
can be elected.
1 offer now the name of William R. Smith
for that place. He is a member of the national
American party, and therefore cannot be excepted
to by any member of that party. He is a gen-
tleman who has been connected with the Demo-
cratic party, and I apprehend that, with the ex-
ception of one single question, he cannot be
exceptionable to any member of that party.
I offer this resolution, then, with the remark,
that the vote upon it will test the sincerity of
what has been said by some gentlemen upon this
floor, that they belong to the national American
party. And, sir, I trust that gentlemen will come
up now and show their disposition to preserve
order in the House, and facilitate a permanent
organization, and elect the man 1 have presented
as a temporary Chairman. I tell them that the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] was
no favorite of mine, so far as that was concerned,
but 1 desired to show to the House that I was
anxious that some gentleman should preside over
our deliberations, and therefore 1 proposed him.
For the purpose of testing the House upon this
resolution, 1 now move the previous question
upon it, and call for the yeas and nays upon its
adoption.
Mr. CULLEN. "What is the resolution?
A Member. It is to place William R. Smith
temporarily m the chair.
Mr. CULLEN. Then I go for it. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
adoption of the resolution.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 22, nays 151; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Boyce, Carlile, Cox, Cullen, Henry
Winter Davis, Evans, J. Morrison Hani-,, Uollman, Ken-
nett, Lake, Lrndley, IJumpIney Mat^h.iil, Millwaid,
Moore, Pume, Puryear, Ricaud, fcJneed, Trippe, Undoi-
wood, Valk, and ZollicofFer—22.
NAYy—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Hanks, Ear-
bonr, Barksdale, Hell, liunty Bennett, Condon, Bingham,
Bishop, Boeork, Brenton, Brooks, Biifhngtnn, Buihniranie,
Burnett, Cadwajad'T, James li. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell,Cam t hers, Ca^ic,Chaftee.Olaw-on,Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Davidson, Timothy Davi*, Day, Dean, Denvei,
De Witt,Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, lidmiiml-
soii, Ldwaids, Elliott, Enuie, English, Eu-tis, Faulknei,
Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D Fnllei, Calloway, Gid-
dmgs, Gilbett, Oianger, Greenwood,Giow, Augustus Hall,
Robeu li. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. ll.inis Thomas L.
Harris, Herbert, ilolloway, Thomas R. Uoiton, Valentine
B. llorton, Houston, llowatd, Uughston, Jewett. Geoige
W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, KeKey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlron, Knox, Loiter, Letcher, Luinpkiu, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matte^on, Maxwell, MeCaity, M<'Mulhn, Mc-
Queen,'Meaeham, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Milton,
Morgan, Mo;rill, Molt, Murray, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Moidecai Oliver, Oir, Peek, Pelton, Pettu, Phelps, Pilcc,
Powell, Pringk:, Purviance, Quitman, Reside, Rivers, Rob-
erts, Ruffin, Rust, Kabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage,
Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stewait,
Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thoiington, Tlmt*-
ton, ToddjTrafton, Ty-son, Wade, Wakerfmn, Walbridge,
Waldion, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa-^hburne, 3Jllilm B.
Wasbburne, Ibrael Washbuin, Watkuis, Watson, Welch,
Winslow, Wood, Woodi uff,Woodwoi ths Daniel B.Wright,
and John V. Wright—lol.
So the resolution was not adopted.
Whilst the call of the roll was proceeding, the
greatest possible confusion prevailed in the Hall.
Members were continually addressing the House,
amidst calls to order, aud the utmost efforts upon
the part of the Clerk to preserve order. The fol-
lowing occurred:
Mr. BOWIE said: Mr. Clerk, I want to know
if I am called upon to vote here upon inviting to
that chair the. man who made a speech-the oilier
day in favor of proscribing Catholics?
A Member. The very same.
Mr. BOWIE. Then if I had a thousand votes to
give I wouldcast them Jill against him. [Laugh-
ter, and calls to order.] The gentleman who rep-
resents the State of Alabama—no, sir, not the
State of Alabama, but the American party in the
State of Alabama—do youlhink l would vo%$3r
him ? No, sir, 1 will vote against him. . ;
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL, ilealUthe
gentleman from Maryland tor order, Mr. Clerk,
cannot we have order > ;f
Mr. BOWIE. Who calls me to order? J * t
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky calls you to order ? • > :-v •
The CLERK. The Clerk has exhausted his
powers in endeavoring to preserve order, but.he
is powerless to accomplish anything unless gen-
tlemen will assist him. *
Mr. BOWIE. The Clerk called upon me to
vote. [Laughter.] No man has the right to de-
prive me of that vote, and no man has the right
to deprive me of the privilege of stating the renstfn
for that vote. [Calls to order, and laughter.]
Now, sir, what has my honorable friend from
Kentucky to say?
Mr. MARSHALL. If the House is disposed
to allow the gentleman to proceed, I have not a
word to say.
^ Mr. BOWIE. I am saying what I have the
right to say. I ask the indulgence of no man.
[Calls to order.]
[Here the Clerk reminded Mr. B: that his time
was out.]
Mr. BOWIE. No, sir, my time is not out.
Somebody else's time is out. [Laughte*, calls to
order, and confusion.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Maryland
is out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. No, sir, I am not out of order
—I have not exhausted the subject. [Laughter,
and cries of "Order!5'] 1 am upon a question
of order. The Clerk cut me down when I had
been speaking about three seconds.
Mr. NORTON. I move tkat the House re-
quest the gentleman from Maryland to take his
seat.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman from Mary-
land will not be interrupted. He is uttering some
patriotic sentiments. [Laughtcr-and confusion ]
Mr. BROOKS (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Clerk, I understand the question upon
which 1 am called to vote is to request the hon-
orable William R. Smith to take the chair, and
preside over the House until a Speaker is elected.
1 have to say, sir, that I would vote for Nathan-
iel P. Banks or Joshua R. Giddings a thousand
times in preference to that gentleman. They have
the influence of education, and the prejudice of
locality, against the institutions of my section of
the country; but, sir, Mr. Smith has lived in the
slave-owning South all his life, and what is his
present position ? When the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Eustis] arraigned the Know
Nothings upon the charge of religious proscrip-
tion and when another member from Alabama
[Mr. Walker] complicated his position by com-
plaining of the resolution of the Democratic caucus,
and repudiating the eighth section of the Phila-
delphia platform in one antkthe same breath, ?he
honorable gentleman [Mr. Smith] availed him-
self of the occasion to justify religious tests, and
indorsed that eighth section intoto. Now, sir, I
will never vote for any man who is the enemy
of religious freedom.
Does the gentleman remember that the only
States taken into the Union as slave States, and
formed out of territory acquired since the Revo-
lution, were all originally peopled by Catholics?
The States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri,
Florida, and Texas, were formed from Catholic
territory, acquired since the Revolution. How,
then, can I, as a southern man, be expected to
cast my vote for one who is the acknowledged
political enemy of the Catholics, who have always
proved themselves to be the friends of the Con-
stitution and of the South?
1 will suggest another reason why southern
gentlemen on this floor cannot consistently vote
for Mr. Smith. Neither the Know Nothings,
North nor South, propose to shut the door upon
immigration. Their purpose is simply to with-
hold the elective franchise for twe.nty-one years.
The operation of such a measure will be to ex-
clude every man of intelligence and character,
while those who are driven to our country by
reason of their poverty or the terrors of violated
law will continue to come. They avoid the
competition of the negro laborer, and flock to
the North. What is the political effect of this?
Why, sir, to give to that northern State into
